{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f177\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f178\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f180\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f181\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f182\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f183\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f184\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f185\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe3081\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp3081 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{
\s15\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\lang3081\langfe3081\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp3081 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \sautoupd \styrsid15223932 
Style 18 pt Centered First line:  0.5 cm;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4086809\rsid4540579\rsid4718644\rsid4851394\rsid7034604\rsid7629150\rsid9129550\rsid10252260\rsid11288426\rsid11798278\rsid12007620\rsid12475629
\rsid12529987\rsid12605250\rsid12980554\rsid13178897\rsid13910765\rsid15223932\rsid16740996}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info{\operator .}{\creatim\yr2008\mo6\dy23\hr21\min39}{\revtim\yr2008\mo6\dy27\hr13\min48}{\version18}{\edmins92}
{\nofpages158}{\nofwords65393}{\nofchars372741}{\nofcharsws437260}{\vern24611}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}{\xmlns2 urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot12529987 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe3081\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp3081 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550 Harry Potter and the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par by
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs32\insrsid9129550 J. K. Rowling
\par Illustrations By Mary Grandpr\'e9
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par Arthur A. Levine Books
\par An Imprint Of Scholastic Press.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\insrsid9129550 For Jessica, who loves stories
\par for Anne, who loved them too;
\par and for Di, who heard this one first.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 Text copyright \'a9 1997 by J.K. Rowling}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 Illustrations by Mary GrandPr\'e9 copyright \'a9 1998 Warner Bros.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 All rights reserved. Published by Scholastic Press, a division of Scholastic Inc.,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 Publishers since 1920}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 SCHOLASTIC, SCHOLASTIC PRESS, and the LANTERN LOGO}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Scholastic Inc.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 HARRY POTTER and all related characters and elements are trademarks of Warner Bros.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 No part of this publication may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any mea
ns, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the publisher. For information regarding permissions, write to Scholastic Inc., Attention: Permissions Department, 555 Broadway, New York, NY 10012.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 Rowling, J.K.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone / by J.K. Rowling}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 p.    cm.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 Summary: Rescued from the outrageous neglect of his aunt and uncle, a young boy with a great destiny proves his worth while attending
 Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 ISBN 0-590-35340-3}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 [1. Fantasy \emdash  Fiction.    2. Witches \emdash  Fiction.    3. Wizards \emdash  Fiction.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 4. Schools \emdash  Fiction.    5. England \emdash  Fiction.]    I. Title.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 PZ7.R79835Har    1998}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 [Fic] \emdash  dc21    97-39059
\par 
\par 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72    05
\par Printed in U.S.A.     10
\par First American edition, October 1998}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\insrsid9129550\charrsid12529987 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 1
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 The Boy Who Lived
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12529987 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 
\par Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname Street}}Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose}, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last people you\rquote d expect to be in\-
volved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn\rquote t hold with such nonsense.
\par Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills. He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, al\-though h
e did have a very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley was thin and blonde and had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors. The Dursleys had a small son 
called {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} and in their opinion there was no finer boy any\-where.
\par The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. They didn\rquote t think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursley\rquote 
s sister, but they hadn\rquote t met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn\rquote t have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be. The
 Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived in the street. The Dursleys knew that the Potters had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him. This boy was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they 
didn\rquote t want {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} mixing with a child like that.
\par When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happen\-ing all over th
e country. Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} into his high chair.
\par None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.
\par At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls. \'93Little tyke,\'94 chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house. He got into his car and backed out of number four\rquote s drive.
\par It was on the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of something peculiar \emdash  a cat reading a map. For a second, Mr. Dursley didn\rquote t realize what he had seen \emdash  then he jerked his head arou
nd to look again. There was a tabby cat standing on the corner of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname Street}}Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose}, but there wasn\rquote 
t a map in sight. What could he have been thinking of? It must have been a trick of the light. Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at the cat. It stared back. As Mr. Durs\-
ley drove around the corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror. It was now reading the sign that said {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname Street}}Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose} \emdash  no, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 looking}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  at the sign; cats couldn\rquote t read maps }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  signs. Mr. Dursley gave himself a little shake and put the cat out 
of his mind. As he drove toward town he thought of nothing except a large order of drills he was hoping to get that day.
\par But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his mind by something else. As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldn\rquote t 
help noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about. People in cloaks. Mr. Dursley couldn\rquote t bear people who dressed in funny clothes \emdash 
 the getups you saw on young people! He supposed this was some stupid new fashion. He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite close by. They were whis\-
pering excitedly together. Mr. Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of them weren\rquote t young at all; why, that man had to be older than 
he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak! The nerve of him! But then it struck Mr. Dursley that this was probably some silly stunt \emdash  these people were obviously collecting for some\-thing }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  yes, that would be it. The traffic moved on and a few minutes lat
er, Mr. Dursley arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills.
\par Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor. If he hadn\rquote t, he might have found it harder to concentrate on drills that morning. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 He}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  didn\rquote t
 see the owls swooping past in broad daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed open-mouthed as owl after owl sped over\-
head. Most of them had never seen an owl even at nighttime. Mr. Dursley, however, had a perfectly normal, owl-free morning. He yelled at five different people. He made several important tele\-
phone calls and shouted a bit more. He was in a very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he\rquote d stretch his legs and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery.
\par He\rquote d forgotten all about the people in cloaks until he passed a group of them next to the baker\rquote s. He eyed them angrily as he passed. He didn\rquote 
t know why, but they made him uneasy. This bunch were whispering excitedly, too, and he couldn\rquote t see a sin
gle collecting tin. It was on his way back past them, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that he caught a few words of what they were saying.
\par \'93The Potters, that\rquote s right, that\rquote s what I heard \emdash \'94
\par \'93\emdash  yes, their son, Harry \emdash \'94
\par Mr. Dursley stopped dead. Fear flooded him. He looked back at the whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better of it.
\par He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost fini
shed dialing his home number when he changed his mind. He put the receiver back down and stroked his mustache, thinking }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  no, he was being stupid. Potter wasn\rquote t such an unusual name. He was sure there were lots of people called Pot\-ter who had a son called Harry. Come to think of it, he wasn\rquote 
t even sure his nephew }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 was}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  called Harry. He\rquote 
d never even seen the boy. It might have been {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}Harvey{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}. Or Harold. There was no point in wor\-
rying Mrs. Dursley; she always got so upset at any mention of her sister. He didn\rquote t blame her \emdash  if }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 he\rquote d}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  had}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 a sister like that }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  but all the same, those people in cloaks }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 
\par He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and when he left the building at five o\rquote clock, he was still so worried that he walked straight into someone just outside the door.
\par \'93Sorry,\'94 he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell. It was a few seconds before Mr. Dursley realized that the man was wearing a violet cloak. He didn\rquote t seem at all upset at being al\-most knocked to the ground. On 
the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, \'93Don\rquote t be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me today! Re\-joice, for You-Know-Who has gone at last! Even Muggles like your\-
self should be celebrating, this happy, happy day!\'94
\par And the old man hugged Mr. Dursley around the middle and walked off.
\par Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot. He had been hugged by a complete stranger. He also thought he had been called a Muggle, whatever that was. He was ra
ttled. He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he didn\rquote t approve of imagination.
\par As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw \emdash  and it didn\rquote t improve his mood \emdash  was the tabby cat he\rquote 
d spotted that morning. It was now sitting on his garden wall. He was sure it was the same one; it had the same markings around its eyes.
\par \'93Shoo!\'94 said Mr. Dursley loudly.
\par The cat didn\rquote t move. It just gave him a stern look. Was this nor\-mal cat behavior? Mr. Dursley wondered. Trying to pull himself to\-gether, he let himself into the house. He was still determined not to mention anything to his wife.
\par Mrs. Dursley had had a nice, normal day. She told him over din\-ner all about Mrs. Next Door\rquote s problems with her daughter and how {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} had learned a new word (\'93Won\rquote t!\'94
). Mr. Dursley tried to act normally. When {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to catch the last report on the evening news:
\par \'93And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation\rquote 
s owls have been behaving very unusually today. Although owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction s
ince sunrise. Experts are unable to explain why the owls have suddenly changed their sleeping pattern.\'94 The newscaster al\-lowed himself a grin. \'93
Most mysterious. And now, over to Jim McGuffin with the weather. Going to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?\'94
\par \'93Well, Ted,\'94 said the weatherman, \'93I don\rquote t know about that, but it\rquote s not only the owls that have been acting oddly today. Viewers as far apart as {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}Kent{\*\xmlclose}, Yorkshire, and 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dundee{\*\xmlclose} have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, they\rquote ve had a downpour of shooting stars! Perhaps people have been celebrating Bonfire Night early \emdash  it
\rquote s not until next week, folks! But I can promise a wet night tonight.\'94
\par Mr. Dursley sat frozen in his armchair. Shooting stars all over {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Britain{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}? Owls f
lying by daylight? Mysterious people in cloaks all over the place? And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 
\par Mrs. Dursley came into the living room carrying two cups of tea. It was no good. He\rquote d have to say something to her. He cleared his throat nervously. \'93Er \emdash  Petunia, dear \emdash  you haven\rquote t heard from your sister lately, have you?
\'94
\par As he had expected, Mrs. Dursley looked shocked and angry. Af\-ter all, they normally pretended she didn\rquote t have a sister.
\par \'93No,\'94 she said sharply. \'93Why?\'94
\par \'93Funny stuff on the news,\'94 Mr. Dursley mumbled. \'93Owls }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 
 shooting stars }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today 
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 \'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 So}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 ?\'94 snapped Mrs. Dursley.
\par \'93Well, I just thought }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  maybe }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  it was something to do with }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  you know }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 her}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  crowd.\'94
\par Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr. Dursley wondered whether he dared tell her he\rquote d heard the name \'93Potter.\'94 He decided he didn\rquote t dare. Instead he said, as casually as he could, \'93Their son \emdash  he\rquote 
d be about {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s age now, wouldn\rquote t he?\'94
\par \'93I suppose so,\'94 said Mrs. Dursley stiffly.
\par \'93What\rquote s his name again? Howard, isn\rquote t it?\'94
\par \'93Harry. Nasty, common name, if you ask me.\'94
\par \'93Oh, yes,\'94 said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly. \'93Yes, I quite agree.\'94
\par He didn\rquote t say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed. While Mrs. Dursley was in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front gar\-den. The cat was still there. It was staring down 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname Street}}Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose} as though it were waiting for something.
\par Was he imagining things? Could all this have anything to do with the Potters? If it did }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  if it got out that they were related to a pair of \emdash  well, he didn\rquote t think he could bear it.
\par The Dursleys got into bed. Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind. His last, comforting thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 were }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 
involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and Mrs. Dursley. The Potters knew very well what he and Petunia thought about them and their kind}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  He couldn\rquote t see how he and Petunia could get mixed up in anything that might be going on \emdash  he yawned and turned over \emdash  it couldn\rquote t affect }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 them}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 
\par How very wrong he was.
\par Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness. It was sitting as still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far cor\-ner of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname Street}}
Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose}. It didn\rquote t so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead. In fact, it was nearly midnight before the cat moved at all.
\par A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, ap\-peared so suddenly and silently you\rquote d have thought he\rquote d just popped out of the ground. The cat\rquote s tail twitched and its eyes nar\-rowed.
\par Nothing like this man had ever been seen on {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname Street}}Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose}
. He was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which were both long enough to tuck into his belt. He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled 
boots. His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice. This man\rquote s name was Albus Dumbledore.
\par Albus Dumbledore didn\rquote t seem to realize that he had just arrived in a street where everything from his name to his boots was unwel\-come. He was busy rummaging in his cloak, looking for some\-
thing. But he did seem to realize he was being watched, because he looked up suddenly at the cat, which was still staring at him from the other end of the street. For some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to amuse him. He chuckled and muttered, \'93
I should have known.\'94
\par He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket. It seemed to be a silver cigarette lighter. He flicked it open, held it up in the air, and clicked it. The nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. He clicked it again \emdash 
 the next lamp flickered into dark\-ness. Twelve times he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street
 were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat watching him. If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady-eyed Mrs. Dursley, they wouldn\rquote 
t be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement. Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down on the wall next to the cat. He didn\rquote 
t look at it, but after a moment he spoke to it.
\par \'93Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall.\'94
\par He turned to smile a
t the tabby, but it had gone. Instead he was smiling at a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes. She, too, was wearing a cloak, an emerald one. Her black hair was drawn
 into a tight bun. She looked distinctly ruffled.
\par \'93How did you know it was me?\'94 she asked.
\par \'93My dear Professor, I\rquote ve never seen a cat sit so stiffly.\'94
\par \'93You\rquote d be stiff if you\rquote d been sitting on a brick wall all day,\'94 said Professor McGonagall.
\par \'93All day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here.\'94
\par Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.
\par \'93Oh yes, everyone\rquote s celebrating, all right,\'94 she said impatiently. \'93You\rquote d think they\rquote d be a bit more careful, but no \emdash  even the Mug\-gles have noticed something\rquote s going on. It was on their news.\'94
 She jerked her head back at the Dursleys\rquote  dark living-room window. \'93I heard it. Flocks of owls }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  shooting stars}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  Well, they\rquote re not completely stupid. They were bound to notice something. Shoot\-ing stars down in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname 
country-region}}Kent{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} \emdash  I\rquote ll bet that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sense.\'94
\par \'93You can\rquote t blame them,\'94 said Dumbledore gently. \'93We\rquote ve had precious little to celebrate for eleven years.\'94
\par \'93I know that,\'94 said Professor McGonagall irritably. \'93But that\rquote s no reason to lose our heads. People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors.\'94
\par She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didn\rquote t, so she went on. \'93
A fine thing it would be if, on the very day You-Know-Who seems to have disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose he really }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 has}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  gone, Dumbledore?\'94
\par \'93It certainly seems so,\'94 said Dumbledore. \'93We have much to be thankful for. Would you care for a lemon drop?\'94
\par \'93A }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 what}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 ?\'94
\par \'93A lemon drop. They\rquote re a kind of Muggle sweet I\rquote m rather fond of.\'94
\par \'93No, thank you,\'94 said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though she didn\rquote t think this was the moment for lemon drops. \'93As I say, even if You-Know-Who }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 has}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  gone \emdash \'94
\par \'93My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him by his name? All this \lquote You-Know-Who\rquote  nonsense \emdash  for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 Voldemort}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dum\-bledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to no\-tice. \'93It all gets so confusing if we keep saying \lquote You-Know-Who.\rquote 
 I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort\rquote s name.\'94
\par \'93I know you haven\rquote t,\'94 said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring. \'93But you\rquote re different. Everyone knows you\rquote re the only one You-Know- oh, all right, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 Voldemort}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 was fright\-ened of.\'94
\par \'93You flatter me,\'94 said Dumbledore calmly. \'93Voldemort had powers I will never have.\'94
\par \'93Only because you\rquote re too \emdash  well \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 noble }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 to use them.\'94
\par \'93It\rquote s lucky its dark. I haven\rquote t blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs.\'94
\par Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said, \'93The owls are nothing next to the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 rumors }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 that are flying around. You know what everyone\rquote s saying? About why he\rquote s disap\-peared? About what finally stopped him?\'94
\par It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss
, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now. It was plain that whatever \'93everyone\'94
 was saying, she was not going to believe it until Dumbledore told her it was true. Dumbledore, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer.
\par \'93What they\rquote re }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 saying}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 she pressed on, \'93is that last night Vol\-demort turned up in Godric\rquote s Hollow. He went to find the Pot\-ters. The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are \emdash  are \emdash 
 that they\rquote re \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 dead}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 \'94
\par Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor McGonagall gasped.
\par \'93Lily and James }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  I can\rquote t believe it }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  I didn\rquote t want to believe it }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  Oh, Albus }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 \'94
\par Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder. \'93I know }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  I know }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 \'94 he said heavily.
\par Professor McGonagall\rquote s voice trembled as she went on. \'93That\rquote s not all. They\rquote re saying he tried to kill the Potters\rquote  son, Harry. But \emdash  he couldn\rquote t. He couldn\rquote 
t kill that little boy. No one knows why, or how, but they\rquote re saying that when he couldn\rquote t kill Harry Potter, Voldemort\rquote s power somehow broke \emdash  and that\rquote s why he\rquote s gone.\'94
\par Dumbledore nodded glumly.
\par \'93It\rquote s \emdash  it\rquote s }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 true}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 ?\'94}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 faltered Professor McGonagall. \'93After all he\rquote 
s done }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  all the people he\rquote s killed }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  he couldn\rquote t kill a little boy? It\rquote s just astounding }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  of all the things to stop him }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  but how in the name of heaven did Harry survive?\'94
\par \'93We can only guess,\'94 said Dumbledore. \'93We may never know.\'94
\par Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles. Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a golden watch from his pocket and examined it. It was a very odd watch. It had twelve hands but no numbers; in\-
stead, little planets were moving around the edge. It must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because he put it back in his pocket and said, \'93Hagrid\rquote s late. I suppose it was he who told you I\rquote d be here, by the way?\'94
\par \'93Yes,\'94 said Professor McGonagall. \'93And I don\rquote t suppose you\rquote re going to tell me }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 why }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 you\rquote re here, of all places?\'94
\par \'93I\rquote ve come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle. They\rquote re the only family he has left now.\'94
\par \'93You don\rquote t mean \emdash  you }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 can\rquote t }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 
mean the people who live }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 here}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 ?\'94
 cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four. \'93Dumbledore \emdash  you can\rquote t. I\rquote ve been watching them all day. You couldn\rquote t find two people who are less like us. And they\rquote ve got this son 
\emdash  I saw him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets. Harry Potter come and live here!\'94
\par \'93It\rquote s the best place for him,\'94 said Dumbledore firmly. \'93His aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he\rquote s older. I\rquote ve written them a letter.\'94
\par \'93A letter?\'94 repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall. \'93Really, Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a letter? These people will never understand him! He\rquote ll be famous \emdash  a legend \emdash 
 I wouldn\rquote t be surprised if today was known as Harry Potter Day in the future \emdash  there will be books written about Harry \emdash  every child in our world will know his name!\'94
\par \'93Exactly,\'94 said Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his half-moon glasses. \'93It would be enough to turn any boy\rquote s head. Famous before he can walk and talk! Famous for something he won\rquote t even remember! Can\rquote 
t you see how much better off he\rquote ll be, growing up away from all that until he\rquote s ready to take it?\'94
\par Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and then said, \'93Yes \emdash  yes, you\rquote re right, of course. But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore?\'94 She eyed his cloak sud\-denly as thou
gh she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.
\par \'93Hagrid\rquote s bringing him.\'94
\par \'93You think it \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 wise }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 \emdash 
 to trust Hagrid with something as im\-portant as this?\'94
\par \'93I would trust Hagrid with my life,\'94 said Dumbledore.
\par \'93I\rquote m not saying his heart isn\rquote t in the right place,\'94 said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, \'93but you can\rquote t pretend he\rquote s not careless. He does tend to \emdash  what was that?\'94
\par A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them. It grew steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky \emdash 
 and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them.
\par If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it. He was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times as wide. He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987 wild}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  \emdash 
 long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins. In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle of blankets.
\par \'93Hagrid,\'94 said Dumbledore, sounding relieved. \'93At last. And where did you get that motorcycle?\'94
\par \'93Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sir,\'94 said the giant, climb\-ing carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke. \'93Young Sirius Black lent it to me. I\rquote ve got him, sir.\'94
\par \'93No problems, were there?\'94
\par \'93No, sir \emdash  house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right before the Muggles started swarmin\rquote  around. He fell asleep as we was flyin\rquote  over {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
Bristol{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}.\'94
\par Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a cu\-riously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.
\par \'93Is that where \emdash  ?\'94 whispered Professor McGonagall.
\par \'93Yes,\'94 said Dumbledore. \'93He\rquote ll have that scar forever.\'94
\par \'93Couldn\rquote t you do something about it, Dumbledore?\'94
\par \'93Even if I could, I wouldn\rquote t. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Un\-derground. Well \emdash  give him here, Hagrid \emdash  we\rquote d better get this over with.\'94
\par Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys\rquote  house.
\par \'93Could I \emdash  could I say good-bye to him, sir?\'94 asked Hagrid. He bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog.
\par \'93Shhh!\'94 hissed Professor McGonagall, \'93you\rquote ll wake the Mug\-gles!\'94
\par \'93S-s-sorry,\'94 sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handker\-chief and burying his face in it. \'93But I c-c-can\rquote t stand it \emdash  Lily an\rquote  James dead \emdash  an\rquote  poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles \emdash \'94

\par \'93Yes, yes, its all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we\rquote ll be found,\'94 Professor M
cGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. He laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took a letter out of his cloak, tucked it inside Harry\rquote 
s blankets, and then came back to the other two. For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid\rquote s shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore
\rquote s eyes seemed to have gone out.
\par \'93Well,\'94 said Dumbledore finally, \'93that\rquote s that. We\rquote ve no business staying here. We may as well go and join the celebrations.\'94
\par \'93Yeah,\'94 said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, \'93I\rquote d best get this bike away. G\rquote night, Professor McGonagall \emdash  Professor Dumble\-dore, sir.\'94
\par Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night.
\par \'93I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall,\'94 said Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply.
\par Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. He clicked it once, and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname Street}}Privet Drive
{\*\xmlclose} glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street. He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four.
\par \'93Good luck, Harry,\'94 he murmured. He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.
\par A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname Street}}Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose}
, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen. Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without w
aking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not know\-ing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours\rquote  time by Mrs. Dursley\rquote 
s scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12529987\charrsid12529987  He couldn\rquote t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: \'93To Har
ry Potter \emdash  the boy who lived!\'94
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 2}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 The Vanishing Glass
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10252260 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 N}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 early ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname Street}}Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose}
 had hardly changed at all. The sun rose on the same tidy front gar\-dens and lit up the brass number four on the Dursleys\rquote 
 front door; it crept into their living room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls. Only the photographs on the mantel\-
piece really showed how much time had passed. Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets \emdash  but Dudley Durs\-
ley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large b
lond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother. The room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at
 the moment, but not for long. His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made the first noise of the day.
\par \'93Up! Get up! Now!\'94
\par Harry woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door again.
\par \'93Up!\'94 she screeched. Harry heard her walking toward t
he kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove. He rolled onto his back and tried to remember the dream he had been having. It had been a good one. There had been a flying motorcycle in it. He had a funny feeling he\rquote 
d had the same dream before.
\par His aunt was back outside the door.
\par \'93Are you up yet?\'94 she demanded.
\par \'93Nearly,\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And don\rquote t you dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy\rquote s birthday.\'94
\par Harry groaned.
\par \'93What did you say?\'94 his aunt snapped through the door.
\par \'93Nothing, nothing }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 \'94
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s birthday \emdash  how could he have forgotten? Harry got slowly out of bed and started looking for socks. He found a pair under his bed and, after pulling a spider off one of the
m, put them on. Harry was used to spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and that was where he slept.
\par When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen. The table was almost hidden beneath all {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s birthday pres\-ents. It looked as though {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley
{\*\xmlclose} had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the second television and the racing bike. Exactly why Dudley wanted a racing bike was a mystery to Harry, as Dudley was very fat and hated exercise \emdash  unless of course it in\-
volved punching somebody. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s favorite punching bag was Harry, but he couldn\rquote t often catch him. Harry didn\rquote t look it, but he was very fast.
\par Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry had always been small and skinny for his age. He looked even smaller and skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes of Dudley\rquote s, and 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} was about four times bigger than he was. Harry had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes. He wore round glasses held to\-
gether with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the times {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 had punched him on the nose. The only thing Harry liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning. He had had it as long as he could re\-
member, and the first question he could ever remember asking his Aunt Petunia was how he had gotten it.
\par \'93In the car crash when your parents died,\'94 she had said. \'93And don\rquote t ask questions.\'94
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 Don\rquote t ask questions }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 \emdash  that was the first ru
le for a quiet life with the Dursleys.
\par Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.
\par \'93Comb your hair!\'94 he barked, by way of a morning greeting.
\par About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and shouted that Harry needed a haircut. Harry must have had more haircuts than the rest of the boys in his class put together, but it made no difference, his hair simply grew that way 
\emdash  all over the place.
\par Harry was frying eggs by the time {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} arrived in the kitchen with his mother. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby angel \emdash  Harry often said that 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} looked like a pig in a wig.
\par Harry put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult as there wasn\rquote t much room. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}, meanwhile, was counting his presents. His face fell.
\par \'93Thirty-six,\'94 he said, looking up at his mother and father. \'93That\rquote s two less than last year.\'94
\par \'93Darling, you haven\rquote t counted Auntie Marge\rquote s present, see, it\rquote s here under this big one from Mommy and Daddy.\'94
\par \'93All right, thirty-seven then,\'94 said {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}, going red in the face. Harry, who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon as fast as possible in case 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} turned the table over.
\par Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly, \'93And we\rquote ll buy you another }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 two}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260  presents while we\rquote re out today. How\rquote s that, popkin? }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 Two}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260  more presents. Is that all right?\'94
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said slowly, \'93So I\rquote ll have thirty }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260  thirty }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 \'94
\par \'93Thirty-nine, sweetums,\'94 said Aunt Petunia.
\par \'93Oh.\'94 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. \'93All right then.\'94
\par Uncle Vernon chuckled.
\par \'93Little tyke wants his money\rquote s worth, just like his father. \rquote Atta boy, Dudley!\'94 He ruffled {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s hair.
\par At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR. He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried.
\par \'93Bad news, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Vernon{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose},\'94 she said. \'93Mrs. Figg\rquote s broken her leg. She can\rquote t take him.\'94 She jerked her head in Harry\rquote 
s direction.
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s mouth fell open in horror, but Harry\rquote s heart gave a leap. Every year on {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote 
s birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the day
, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies. Every year, Harry was left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away. Harry hated it there. The whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made him look at photographs of
 all the cats she\rquote d ever owned.
\par \'93Now what?\'94 said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though he\rquote d planned this. Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasn\rquote t easy when he reminded himself it would be a whole year 
before he had to look at Tibbies, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.
\par \'93We could phone Marge,\'94 Uncle Vernon suggested.
\par \'93Don\rquote t be silly, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Vernon{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}, she hates the boy.\'94
\par The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn\rquote t there \emdash  or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn\rquote t understand them, like a slug.
\par \'93What about what\rquote s-her-name, your friend \emdash  Yvonne?\'94
\par \'93On vacation in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Majorca{\*\xmlclose},\'94 snapped Aunt Petunia.
\par \'93You could just leave me here,\'94 Harry put in hopefully (he\rquote d be able to watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley\rquote s computer).
\par Aunt Petunia looked as though she\rquote d just swallowed a lemon.
\par \'93And come back and find the house in ruins?\'94 she snarled.
\par \'93I won\rquote t blow up the house,\'94 said Harry, but they weren\rquote t listen\-ing.
\par \'93I suppose we could take him to the zoo,\'94 said Aunt Petunia slowly, \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260  and leave him in the car}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 \'94
\par \'93That cars new, he\rquote s not sitting in it alone}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 \'94
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} began to cry loudly. In fact, he wasn\rquote t really crying \emdash  it had been years since he\rquote d really cried \emdash 
 but he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him any\-thing he wanted.
\par \'93Dinky Duddydums, don\rquote t cry, Mummy won\rquote t let him spoil your special day!\'94 she cried, flinging her arms around him.
\par \'93I }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260  don\rquote t }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260  want }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260  him }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260  t-t-to come!\'94 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} yelled between huge, pretend sobs. \'93He always sp-spoils everything!\'94
 He shot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mothers arms.
\par Just then, the doorbell rang \emdash  \'93Oh, good Lord, they\rquote re here!\'94 said Aunt Petunia frantically \emdash  and a moment later, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote 
s best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Piers was a scrawny boy with a face like a rat. He was usually the one who held people\rquote s arms behind their backs while {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} hit them. 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} stopped pretending to cry at once.
\par Half an hour later, Harry, who couldn\rquote t believe his luck, was sit\-ting in the back of the Dursleys\rquote  car with Piers and {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
, on the way to the zoo for the first time in his life. His aunt and uncle hadn\rquote t been able to think of anything else to do with him, but be\-fore they\rquote d left, Uncle Vernon had taken Harry aside.
\par \'93I\rquote m warning you,\'94 he had said, putting his large purple face right up close to Harry\rquote s, \'93I\rquote m warning you now, boy \emdash  any funny business, anything at all \emdash  and you\rquote ll be in that cupboard fro
m now until Christmas.\'94
\par I\rquote m not going to do anything,\'94 said Harry, \'93honestly }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 \'94

\par But Uncle Vernon didn\rquote t believe him. No one ever did.
\par The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was just no good telling the Dursleys he didn\rquote t make them happen.
\par Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the bar\-bers looking as though he hadn\rquote t been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left \'93
to hide that horrible scar.\'94 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 had laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day, where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses. Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it 
had been before Aunt Petu\-nia had sheared it off. He had been given a week in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 couldn
\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260  explain how it had grown back so quickly.
\par Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote 
s (brown with orange puff balls). The harder she tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it seemed to become, until finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldn\rquote t fit Harry. Aunt Petunia had decide
d it must have shrunk in the wash and, to his great relief, Harry wasn\rquote t pun\-ished.
\par On the other hand, he\rquote d gotten into terrible trouble for being found on the roof of the school kitchens. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s gang had been chasing him as usual when, as much to Harry\rquote 
s surprise as anyone else\rquote s, there he was sitting on the chimney. The Dursleys had re\-ceived a very angry letter from Harry\rquote s headmistress telling them Harry had been climbing school buildings. But all he\rquote 
d tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon through the locked door of his cup\-board) was jump behind the big trash cans outside the kitchen doors. Harry supposed that the wind must have caught him in mid-jump.
\par But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even worth be\-ing with {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn\rquote t school, his cupboard, or Mrs. Figg\rquote 
s cabbage-smelling living room.
\par While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia. He liked to complain about things: people at work, Harry, the council, Harry, the bank, and Harry were just a few of his favorite subjects. This morning, it was motorcycles.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260  roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums,\'94
 he said, as a motorcycle overtook them.
\par \'93I had a dream about a motorcycle,\'94 said Harry, remembering suddenly. \'93It was flying.\'94
\par Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front. He turned right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: \'93MOTORCYCLES DON\rquote T FLY!\'94
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} and Piers sniggered.
\par \'93I know they don\rquote t,\'94 said Harry. \'93It was only a dream.\'94
\par But he wished he hadn\rquote t said anything. If there was one thing the Dursleys hated even more than his asking questions, it was his talk\-ing about anything acting in a way it shouldn\rquote t, no matter if it was in a dream or even a cartoon \emdash 
 they seemed to think he might get dangerous ideas.
\par It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with fam\-ilies. The Dursleys bought {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Harry what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap lemon ice pop. It wasn\rquote 
t bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}, except that it wasn\rquote t blond.
\par Harry had the best morning he\rquote d had in a long time. He was careful to walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 and Piers, who were starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldn\rquote t fall back on their favorite hobby of hitting him. They ate in the zoo restaurant, and when {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 had a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didn\rquote t have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first.
\par Harry felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to last.
\par After lunch they went to the reptile house. It was cool and dark in there, with lit windows all along the walls. Behind the glass, all sorts of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and stone. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname 
place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 quickly found the largest snake in the place. It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle Vernon\rquote s car and crushed it into a trash can \emdash  but at the moment it didn\rquote t look in the mood. In fact, it was fast asleep.
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the glistening brown coils.
\par \'93Make it move,\'94 he whined at his father. Uncle Vernon tapped on the glass, but the snake didn\rquote t budge.
\par \'93Do it again,\'94 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} ordered. Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.
\par \'93This is boring,\'94 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} moaned. He shuffled away.
\par Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake. He wouldn\rquote t have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself \emdash 
 no company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying to disturb it all day long. It was worse than hav\-ing a cupboard as a bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt Petu\-nia hammering on the door to wake y
ou up; at least he got to visit the rest of the house.
\par The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes. Slowly, very slowly, it raised its head until its eyes were on a level with Harry\rquote s.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 It winked}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 
\par Harry stared. Then he looked quickly around to see if anyone was watching. They weren\rquote t. He looked back at the snake and winked, too.
\par The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised its eyes to the ceiling. It gave Harry a look that said quite plainly:
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 I get that all the time}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 \'94
\par \'93I know,\'94 Harry murmured through the glass, though he wasn\rquote t sure the snake could hear him. \'93It must be really annoying.\'94
\par The snake nodded vigorously.
\par \'93Where do you come from, anyway?\'94 Harry asked.
\par The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass. Harry peered at it.
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Boa Constrictor{\*\xmlclose}, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}Brazil{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}.
\par \'93Was it nice there?\'94
\par The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Harry read on: This specimen was bred in the zoo. \'93Oh, I see \emdash  so you\rquote ve never been to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Brazil
{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}?\'94
\par As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Harry made both of them jump. \'93{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}DUDLEY{\*\xmlclose}! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WON\rquote T }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 BELIEVE }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260 WHAT IT\rquote S DOING!\'94
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} came waddling toward them as fast as he could.
\par \'93Out of the way, you,\'94 he said, punching Harry in the ribs. Caught by surprise, Harry fell hard on the concrete floor. What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened \emdash 
 one second, Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of horror.
\par Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor\rquote s tank had vanished. The great snake was uncoiling itself rapidly, slithering out onto the floor. People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exits.
\par As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low, hissing voice said, \'93{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Brazil{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}, here I come}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid10252260\charrsid10252260  Thanksss, amigo.\'94
\par The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.
\par \'93But the glass,\'94 he kept saying, \'93where did the glass go?\'94
\par The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again. Piers and {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dud\-ley{\*\xmlclose} could only gibber. As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn\rquote 
t done anything except snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were all back in Uncle Vernon\rquote s car, Dudley was t
elling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Harry at least, was Piers calming down enough to say, \'93Harry was talking to it, weren\rquote t you, Harry?\'94
\par Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house be\-fore starting on Harry. He was so angry he could hardly speak. He managed to say, \'93Go \emdash  cupboard \emdash  stay \emdash  no meals,\'94
 before he collapsed into a chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy.
\par 
\par Harry lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch. He didn\rquote t know what time it was and he couldn\rquote t be sure the Durs\-leys were asleep yet. Until they were, he couldn\rquote t risk sneaking to the kitchen for some food.
\par He\rquote d lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as long as he could remember, ever since he\rquote d been a baby and his parents had died in that car crash. He couldn\rquote 
t remember being in the car when his parents had died. Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light and a burn\-
ing pain on his forehead. This, he supposed, was the crash, though he couldn\rquote t imagine where all the green light came from. He couldn\rquote t remember his parents at 
all. His aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask questions. There were no photographs of them in the house.
\par When he had been younger, Harry had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown relation coming to take him away, but i
t had never happened; the Dursleys were his only family. Yet sometimes he thought (or maybe hoped) that strangers in the street seemed to know him. Very strange strangers they were, too. A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once while out shopp
i
ng with Aunt Petunia and Dudley. After asking Harry furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the shop without buying anything. A wild-looking old woman dressed all in green had waved merrily at him once on a bus. A bald man in a v
ery long purple coat had actually shaken his hand in the street the other day and then walked away without a word. The weirdest thing about all these people was the way they seemed to vanish the second Harry tried to get a closer look.
\par At school, Harry had no one. Everybody knew that Dudley\rquote s gang hated that odd Harry Potter in his baggy old clothes and bro\-ken glasses, and nobody liked to disagree with {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s gang.

\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 3}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 The Letters From No One
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4086809 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 T}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 he escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Harry his longest-ever punishment. By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard again, the summer holidays had started and 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} had already broken his new video camera, crashed his remote con\-trol airplane, and, first time out on his racing bike, knocked down old Mrs. Figg as she crossed {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname 
Street}}Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose} on her crutches.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 Harry was glad school was over, but there was no escaping {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dud\-ley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote 
s gang, who visited the house every single day. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and Gordon were all big and stupid, but as {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} was 
the biggest and stupidest of the lot, he was the leader. The rest of them were all quite happy to join in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s favorite sport: Harry Hunting.
\par This was why Harry spent as much time as possible out of the house, wandering around and thinking about the end of the holi\-
days, where he could see a tiny ray of hope. When September came he would be going off to secondary school and, for the first time in his life, he wouldn\rquote t be with {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}. 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} had been accepted at Uncle Vernon\rquote s old private school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was go\-ing there too. Harry, on the other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local public school. 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} thought this was very funny.
\par \'93They stuff people\rquote s heads down the toilet the first day at Stonewall,\'94 he told Harry. \'93Want to come upstairs and practice?\'94
\par \'93No, thanks,\'94 said Harry. \'93The poor toilet\rquote s never had anything as horrible as your head down it \emdash  it might be sick.\'94 Then he ran, before {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} could work out what he\rquote 
d said.
\par One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}London{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} to buy his Smeltings uniform, leaving Harry at Mrs. Figg\rquote s. Mrs. Figg wasn\rquote 
t as bad as usual. It turned out she\rquote d broken her leg tripping over one of her cats, and she didn\rquote t seem quite as fond of them as before. She let Harry watch television and gave him a bit of choco\-late cake that tasted as though she\rquote 
d had it for several years.
\par That evening, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} paraded around the living room for the family in his brand-new uniform. Smeltings boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, and flat straw hats calle
d boaters. They also carried knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while the teachers weren\rquote t looking. This was supposed to be good train\-ing for later life.
\par As he looked at {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Ver\-non said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life. Aunt Petunia burst into tears and said she couldn\rquote 
t believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, he looked so handsome and grown-up. Harry didn\rquote t trust himself to speak. He thought two of his ribs might already have cracked from trying not to laugh.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12980554 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554 *   *   *}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4086809 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 
There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when Harry went in for breakfast. It seemed to be coming from a large metal tub in the sink. He went to have a look. The tub was full of what looked like dirty rags swimming in gray water.
\par \'93What\rquote s this?\'94 he asked Aunt Petunia. Her lips tightened as they always did if he dared to ask a question.
\par \'93Your new school uniform,\'94 she said.
\par Harry looked in the bowl again.
\par \'93Oh,\'94 he said, \'93I didn\rquote t realize it had to be so wet.\'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t be stupid,\'94 snapped Aunt Petunia. \'93I\rquote m dyeing some of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s old things gray for you. It\rquote ll look just like everyone else\rquote s when I\rquote ve finished.
\'94
\par Harry seriously doubted this, but thought it best not to argue. He sat down at the table and tried not to think about how he was going to look on his first day at Stonewall High \emdash  like he was wearing bits of old elephant skin, probably.
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the smell from Harry\rquote s new uniform. Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as usual and {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
Dudley{\*\xmlclose} banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere, on the table.
\par They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat.
\par \'93Get the mail, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose},\'94 said Uncle Vernon from behind his pa\-per.
\par \'93Make Harry get it.\'94
\par \'93Get the mail, Harry.\'94
\par \'93Make {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} get it.\'94
\par \'93Poke him with your Smelting stick, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}.\'94
\par Harry dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail. Three things lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle Vernon\rquote s sister Marge, who was vacationing on the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Isle of Wight{\*\xmlclose}, a brown enve\-
lope that looked like a bill, and \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 a letter for Harry.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 

\par Harry picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a gi\-ant elastic band. No one, ever, in his whole life, had written to him. Who would? He had no friends, no other relatives \emdash  he didn\rquote t be\-long to the library, so he\rquote 
d never even got rude notes asking for books back. Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake:
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 Mr. H. Potter
\par The Cupboard under the Stairs
\par 4 Privet Drive
\par Little Whinging
\par Surrey
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 
\par The envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the address was written in emerald-green ink. There was no stamp.
\par Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry saw a pur\-ple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a large letter }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 H.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 
\par \'93Hurry up, boy!\'94 shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen. \'93What are you doing, checking for letter bombs?\'94 He chuckled at his own joke.
\par Harry went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter. He handed Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to open the yellow envelope.
\par Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over the postcard.
\par \'93Marge\rquote s ill,\'94 he informed Aunt Petunia. \'93Ate a funny whelk }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 
\'94
\par \'93Dad!\'94 said {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} suddenly. \'93Dad, Harry\rquote s got something!\'94
\par Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was writ\-ten on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon.
\par \'93That\rquote s }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 mine}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 said Harry, trying to snatch it back.
\par \'93Who\rquote d be writing to you?\'94 sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it. His face went from red to green faster than a set of traffic lights. And it didn\rquote t stop there. Within seconds it was the gra
yish white of old porridge.
\par \'93P-P-Petunia!\'94 he gasped.
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it high out of his reach. Aunt Petunia took it curiously and read the first line. For a moment it looked as though she might faint. She 
clutched her throat and made a choking noise.
\par \'93{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Vernon{\*\xmlclose}! Oh my goodness \emdash  {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Vernon{\*\xmlclose}!\'94
\par They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and Dudley were still in the room. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} wasn\rquote t used to being ig\-nored. He gave his father a sharp tap on the 
head with his Smelting stick.
\par \'93I want to read that letter,\'94 he said loudly.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  want to read it,\'94 said Harry furiously, \'93as it
\rquote s }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 mine.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 
\par \'93Get out, both of you,\'94 croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the let\-ter back inside its envelope.
\par Harry didn\rquote t move.
\par \'93I WANT MY LETTER!\'94 he shouted.
\par \'93Let }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 me}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  see it!\'94 demanded 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}.
\par \'93OUT!\'94 roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them. Harry and Dudley promptly had a furiou
s but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} won, so Harry, his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor.
\par \'93{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Vernon{\*\xmlclose},\'94 Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, \'93look at the address \emdash  how could they possibly know where he sleeps? You don\rquote t think they\rquote re watching the house?\'94

\par \'93Watching \emdash  spying \emdash  might be following us,\'94 muttered Un\-cle Vernon wildly.
\par \'93But what should we do, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Vernon{\*\xmlclose}? Should we write back? Tell them we don\rquote t want \emdash \'94
\par Harry could see Uncle Vernon\rquote s shiny black shoes pacing up and down the kitchen.
\par \'93No,\'94 he said finally. \'93No, we\rquote ll ignore it. If they don\rquote t get an an\-swer}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  Yes, that\rquote s best }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  we won\rquote t do anything}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 \'94
\par \'93But \emdash \'94
\par \'93I\rquote m not having one in the house, Petunia! Didn\rquote t we swear when we took him in we\rquote d stamp out that dangerous nonsense?\'94
\par 
\par That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he\rquote d never done before; he visited Harry in his cup\-board.
\par \'93Where\rquote s my letter?\'94 said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed through the door. \'93Who\rquote s writing to me?\'94
\par \'93No one. It was addressed to you by mistake,\'94 said Uncle Ver\-non shortly. \'93I have burned it.\'94
\par \'93It was }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 not }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 a mistake,\'94 said Harry angrily, \'93
it had my cupboard on it.\'94
\par \'93SILENCE!\'94 yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the ceiling. He took a few deep breaths and then forced his face into a smile, which looked quite painful.
\par \'93Er \emdash  yes, Harry \emdash  about this cupboard. Your aunt and I have been thinking }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  you\rquote re really getting a bit big for it }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  we think it might be nice if you moved into {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s second bed\-room.\'94
\par \'93Why?\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93Don\rquote t ask questions!\'94 snapped his uncle. \'93Take this stuff up\-stairs, now.\'94
\par The Dursleys\rquote  house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon\rquote s sister, Marge), one where Dudley slept, and one where {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 kept all the toys and things that wouldn\rquote t fit into his first bedroom. It only took Harry one trip upstairs to move everything he owned from the cupboard to this ro
om. He sat down on the bed and stared around him. Nearly everything in here was broken. The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor\rquote s dog; in the corner was Dudley\rquote 
s first-ever television set, which he\rquote 
d put his foot through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent because
 Dudley had sat on it. Other shelves were full of books. They were the only things in the room that looked as though they\rquote d never been touched.
\par From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother, \'93I don\rquote t }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 want }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 him in there }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 
 I }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 need}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  that room }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  make him get out}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 \'94
\par Harry sighed and stretched out on the bed. Yesterday he\rquote d have given anything to be up here. Today he\rquote d rather be back in his cup\-board with that letter than up here without it.
\par 
\par Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} was in shock. He\rquote d screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tor\-
toise through the greenhouse roof, and he still didn\rquote t have his room back. Harry was thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly wishing he\rquote d opened the letter in the hall. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each other darkly.

\par When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice to Harry, made {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} go and get it. They heard him banging 
things with his Smelting stick all the way down the hall. Then he shouted, \'93There\rquote s another one! \lquote Mr. H. Potter, The Small\-est Bedroom, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}4 Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose} \emdash }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \rquote  \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 
\par With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the hall, Harry right behind him. Uncle Vernon had to wres\-tle {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 to the ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind. After a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by th
e Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harry\rquote s letter clutched in his hand.
\par \'93Go to your cupboard \emdash  I mean, your bedroom,\'94 he wheezed at Harry. \'93{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} \emdash  go \emdash  just go.\'94
\par Harry walked round and round his new room. Someone knew he had moved out of his cupboard and they seemed to know he hadn\rquote t received his first letter. Surely that meant they\rquote d try again? And this time he\rquote d make sure they didn\rquote 
t fail. He had a plan.
\par 
\par The repaired alarm clock rang at six o\rquote clock the next morning. Harry turned it off quickly and dressed silently He mustn\rquote t wake the Dursleys. He stole downstairs without turning on any of the lights.
\par He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose} and get the letters for number four first. His heart hammered as he crept across the dark hall toward the front door \emdash 
\par \'93AAAAARRRGH!\'94
\par Harry leapt into the air; he\rquote d trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat \emdash  something }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 alive}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 !
\par Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the big, squashy something had been his uncle\rquote s face. Uncle Vernon had been lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making sure that Harry didn\rquote 
t do exactly what he\rquote d been try\-ing to do. He shouted at Harry for about half an hour and then 
told him to go and make a cup of tea. Harry shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon\rquote s lap. Harry could see three letters ad\-dressed in green ink.
\par \'93I want \emdash \'94 he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into pieces before his eyes.
\par Uncle Vernon didn\rquote t go to work that day. He stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.
\par \'93See,\'94 he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, \'93if they can\rquote t }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 deliver }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 them they\rquote ll just give up.\'94
\par \'93I\rquote m not sure that\rquote ll work, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Vernon{\*\xmlclose}.\'94
\par \'93Oh, these peoples minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they\rquote re not like you and me,\'94 said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.
\par 
\par On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Harry. As they couldn\rquote t go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door, slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small window in the downstairs bathroom.
\par Uncle Vernon stayed at home again. After burning all the letters, he got out a hammer and nails and boarded up the cracks around the front and back doors so no one could go out. He hummed \'93Tiptoe Through the Tulips\'94
 as he worked, and jumped at small noises.
\par 
\par On Saturday, things began to get out of hand. Twenty-four letters to Harry found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden in\-
side each of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt Petunia through the living room window. While Uncle Vernon made furious teleph
one calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone to complain to, Aunt Petunia shredded the letters in her food processor.
\par \'93Who on earth wants to talk to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  this badly?\'94 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} asked Harry in amazement.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12980554 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554 *   *   *}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4086809 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 On Sunday morning, Uncle V
ernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.
\par \'93No post on Sundays,\'94 he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, \'93no damn letters today \emdash \'94
\par Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head. Next mo\-
ment, thirty or forty letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets. The Dursleys ducked, but Harry leapt into the air trying to catch one \emdash 
\par \'93Out! OUT!\'94
\par Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the
 waist and threw him into the hall. When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut. They could hear the letters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.
\par \'93That does it,\'94 said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling great tufts out of his mustache at the same time. \'93I want you all back here in five minutes ready to leave. We\rquote re going away. Just pack some clothes. No arguments!\'94

\par He looked so dangerous with half his mustache missing that no one dared argue. Ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley
{\*\xmlclose} was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit him round the head for holding them up while he tried to pack his television, VCR, and computer in his sports bag.
\par They drove. And they drove. Even Aunt Petunia didn\rquote t dare ask where they were going. Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and drive in the opposite direction for a while.
\par \'93Shake \rquote em off }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  shake \rquote em off,\'94
 he would mutter whenever he did this.
\par They didn\rquote t stop to eat or drink all day. By nightfall {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} was howling. He\rquote d never had such a bad day in his life. He was hungry, he\rquote d missed five television programs he\rquote 
d wanted to see, and he\rquote d never gone so long without blowing up an alien on his computer.
\par Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the outskirts of a big city. Dudley and Harry shared a room with twin beds and damp, musty sheets. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 snored but Harry stayed awake, sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and wondering}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 
\par 
\par They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for breakfast the next day. They had just finished when the owner of the hotel came over to their table.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'93 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 Scuse me, but is one of you Mr. H. Potter? Only I got about an 
\rquote undred of these at the front desk.\'94
\par She held up a letter so they could read the green ink address:
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 Mr. H. Potter
\par Room 17
\par Railview Hotel
\par Cokeworth
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 
\par Harry made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knocked his hand out of the way. The woman stared.
\par \'93I\rquote ll take them,\'94 said Uncle Vernon, standing up quickly and fol\-lowing her from the dining room.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12980554 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554 *   *   *}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4086809 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  \'93Wouldn\rquote t it be better just to go home, dear?\'94 Aun
t Petunia suggested timidly, hours later, but Uncle Vernon didn\rquote 
t seem to hear her. Exactly what he was looking for, none of them knew. He drove them into the middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in the car, and off they wen
t again. The same thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway across a suspension bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage.
\par \'93Daddy\rquote s gone mad, hasn\rquote t he?\'94 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} asked Aunt Petunia dully late that afternoon. Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car, and disappeared.
\par It started to rain. Great drops beat on the roof of the car. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dud\-ley{\*\xmlclose} sniveled.
\par \'93It\rquote s Monday,\'94 he told his mother. \'93The Great Humberto\rquote s on tonight. I want to stay somewhere with a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 television.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 \'94
\par Monday. This reminded Harry of something. If it }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 was }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 Mon\-day 
\emdash  and you could usually count on Dudley to know the days of the week, because of television \emdash  then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Harry\rquote s eleventh birthday. Of course, his birthdays were never ex\-actly fun \emdash 
 last year, the Dursleys had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon\rquote s old socks. Still, you weren\rquote t eleven every day.
\par Uncle Vernon was back and he was smiling. He was also carry\-ing a long, thin package and didn\rquote t answer Aunt Petunia when she asked what he\rquote d bought.
\par \'93Found the perfect place!\'94 he said. \'93Come on! Everyone out!\'94
\par It was very cold outside the car. Uncle Vernon was pointing at what looked like a large rock way out at sea. Perched on top of the rock was the most miserable little shack you could imagine. One thing was certain, there was no television in there.
\par \'93Storm forecast for tonight!\'94 said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clap\-ping his hands together. \'93And this gentleman\rquote s kindly agreed to lend us his boat!\'94
\par A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.
\par \'93I\rquote ve already got us some rations,\'94 said Uncle Vernon, \'93so all aboard!\'94
\par It was freezing in the boat. Icy sea spray and rain crept down their necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces. After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slip\-ping and sliding, led the way to the broken-down house.
\par The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty. There were only two rooms.
\par Uncle Vernon\rquote s rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and four bananas. He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up.
\par \'93Could do with some of those letters now, eh?\'94 he said cheer\-fully.
\par He was in a very good mood. Obviously he thought nobody stood a chance of reaching them here in a storm to deliver mail. Harry privately agreed, though the thought didn\rquote t cheer him up at all.
\par As night fell, the promised storm blew up around them. Spray from the high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the filthy windows. Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blankets in the second room and made up a bed for 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} on th
e moth-eaten sofa. She and Uncle Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest, most ragged blanket.
\par The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on. Harry couldn\rquote t sleep. He shivered and turned over, trying to get comfortable, his stomach rumbling with hunger. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote 
s snores were drowned by the low rolls of thunder that started near mid\-night. The lighted dial of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s watch, which was dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat wrist, told Harry he
\rquote d be eleven in ten minutes\rquote  time. He lay and watched his birthday tick nearer, won\-dering if the Dursleys would remember at all, wondering where the letter writer was now.
\par Five minutes to go. Harry heard something creak outside. He hoped the roof wasn\rquote t going to fall in, although he might be warmer if it did. Four minutes to go. Maybe the house in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose}
 would be so full of letters when they got back that he\rquote d be able to steal one somehow.
\par Three minutes to go. Was that the sea, slapping hard on the rock like that? And (two minutes to go) what was that funny crunching noise? Was the rock crumbling into the sea?
\par One minute to go and he\rquote d be eleven. Thirty seconds }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  twenty }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  ten }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  nine \emdash  maybe he\rquote d wake {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 up, just to annoy him \emdash  three }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  two }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809  one }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4086809\charrsid4086809 
\par BOOM.
\par The whole shack shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, staring at the door. Someone was outside, knocking to come in.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 4
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 The Keeper Of The Keys
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7034604 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 B}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 OOM. They knocked again. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} jerked awake.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 \'93Where\rquote s the cannon?\'94 he said stupidly.
\par There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skid\-ding into the room. He was holding a rifle in his hands \emdash  now they knew what had been in the long, thin package he had brought with them.
\par \'93Who\rquote s there?\'94 he shouted. \'93I warn you \emdash  I\rquote m armed!\'94
\par There was a pause. Then \emdash 
\par SMASH!
\par The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.
\par A giant of a man was standing in the doorway. His face was al\-most completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair.
\par The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling. He bent down, picked up the door, and fitted it easily back into its frame. The noise of the storm out\-side dropped a little. He turned to look at them all.

\par \'93Couldn\rquote t make us a cup o\rquote  tea, could yeh? It\rquote s not been an easy journey}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 \'94
\par He strode over to the sofa where {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} sat frozen with fear.
\par \'93Budge up, yeh great lump,\'94 said the stranger.
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.
\par \'93An\rquote  here\rquote s Harry!\'94 said the giant.
\par Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.
\par \'93Las\rquote  time I saw you, you was only a baby,\'94 said the giant. \'93Yeh look a lot like yer dad, but yeh\rquote ve got yer mom\rquote s eyes.\'94
\par Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise.
\par \'93I demand that you leave at once, sir!\'94 he said. \'93You are break\-ing and entering!\'94
\par \'93Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune,\'94 said the giant; he reached over the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Ver\-non\rquote s hands, bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made o
f rubber, and threw it into a corner of the room.
\par Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.
\par \'93Anyway \emdash  Harry,\'94 said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, \'93a very happy birthday to yeh. Got summat fer yeh here \emdash  I mighta sat on it at some point, but it\rquote ll taste all right.\'94
\par From an inside pocket of his black overcoat he pulled a slightly squashed box. Harry opened it with trembling fingers. Inside was a large, sticky chocolate cake with }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 Happy Birthday Harry}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  written on it in green icing.
\par Harry looked up at the giant. He meant to say thank you, but the words got lost on the way to his mouth, and what he said in\-stead was, \'93Who are you?\'94
\par The giant chuckled.
\par \'93True, I haven\rquote t introduced meself. Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts.\'94
\par He held out an enormous hand and shook Harry\rquote s whole arm.
\par \'93What about that tea then, eh?\'94 he said, rubbing his hands to\-gether. \'93I\rquote d not say no ter summat stronger if yeh\rquote ve got it, mind.\'94
\par His eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in it and he snorted. He bent down over the fireplace; they couldn\rquote 
t see what he was doing but when he drew back a second later, there was a roaring fire there. It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he\rquote d sunk into a hot bath.
\par The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, sever
al chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea. Soon the hut was full of the sound and smell of sizzling sausage. Nobody said a thing while the giant was working, but as he slid the first six fat, j
uicy, slightly burnt sausages from the poker, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} fidgeted a lit\-tle. Uncle {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Vernon{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
 said sharply, \'93Don\rquote t touch anything he gives you, Dudley.\'94
\par The giant chuckled darkly.
\par \'93Yer great puddin\rquote  of a son don\rquote  need fattenin\rquote  anymore, Durs\-ley, don\rquote  worry.\'94
\par He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful, but he still couldn\rquote t take his eyes off the giant. Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain any\-thing, he said, \'93I\rquote m sorry, but I still don
\rquote t really know who you are.\'94
\par The giant took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
\par \'93Call me Hagrid,\'94 he said, \'93everyone does. An\rquote  like I told yeh, I\rquote m Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts \emdash  yeh\rquote ll know all about Hog\-warts, o\rquote  course.\'94
\par \'93Er \emdash  no,\'94 said Harry.
\par Hagrid looked shocked.
\par \'93Sorry,\'94 Harry said quickly.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 Sorry}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 ?\'94
 barked Hagrid, turning to stare at the Dursleys, who shrank back into the shadows. \'93It\rquote s them as should be sorry! I knew yeh weren\rquote t gettin\rquote  yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldn\rquote t even know abou\rquote  Hogwa
rts, fer cryin\rquote  out loud! Did yeh never wonder where yer parents learned it all?\'94
\par \'93All what?\'94 asked Harry.
\par \'93ALL WHAT?\'94 Hagrid thundered. \'93Now wait jus\rquote  one second!\'94
\par He had leapt to his feet. In his anger he seemed to fill the whole hut. The Dursleys were cowering against the wall.
\par \'93Do you mean ter tell me,\'94 he growled at the Dursleys, \'93that this boy \emdash  this boy! \emdash  knows nothin\rquote  abou\rquote  \emdash  about ANYTHING?\'94
\par Harry thought this was going a bit far. He had been to school, after all, and his marks weren\rquote t bad.
\par \'93I know }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 some}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  things,\'94 he said. \'93
I can, you know, do math and stuff.\'94
\par But Hagrid simply waved his hand and said, \'93About }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 our}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 
 world, I mean. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 Your}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  world. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 My}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  world. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 Yer parents\rquote  world}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 \'94
\par \'93What world?\'94
\par Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.
\par \'93DURSLEY!\'94 he boomed.
\par Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded like \'93Mimblewimble.\'94 Hagrid stared wildly at Harry.
\par \'93But yeh must know about yer mom and dad,\'94 he said. \'93I mean, they\rquote re }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 famous}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  You\rquote re }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 famous}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 \'94
\par \'93What? My \emdash  my mom and dad weren\rquote t famous, were they?\'94
\par \'93Yeh don\rquote  know }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  yeh don\rquote  know }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 \'94 Hagrid ran his fingers through his hair, fixing Harry with a bewildered stare.
\par \'93Yeh don\rquote  know what yeh }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 are}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 ?\'94 he said finally.

\par Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice.
\par \'93Stop!\'94 he commanded. \'93Stop right there, sir! I forbid you to tell the boy anything!\'94
\par A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled with rage.
\par \'93You never told him? Never told him what was in the letter Dumbledore left fer him? I was there! I saw Dumbledore leave it, Dursley! An\rquote  you\rquote ve kept it from him all these years?\'94
\par \'93Kept }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 what }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 from me?\'94 said Harry eagerly.
\par \'93STOP! I FORBID YOU!\'94 yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.
\par Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.
\par \'93Ah, go boil yer heads, both of yeh,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93Harry \emdash  yer a wizard.\'94
\par There was silence inside the hut. Only the sea and the whistling wind could be heard.
\par \'93I\rquote m a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 what}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 ?\'94 gasped Harry.
\par \'93A wizard, o\rquote  course,\'94 said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, \'93an\rquote  a thumpin\rquote  good\rquote un, I\rquote d say, once yeh\rquote ve been trained up a bit. With a mum an\rquote 
 dad like yours, what else would yeh be? An\rquote  I reckon it\rquote s abou\rquote  time yeh read yer letter.\'94
\par Harry stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish enve\-lope, addressed in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock, The Sea. He pulled out the letter and read:
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7034604 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}HOGWARTS{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}SCHOOL{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  WITCHCRAFT }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  WIZARDRY
\par 
\par Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 (}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock,

\par Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 )}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7034604 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 
\par Dear Mr. Potter,
\par We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.
\par Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31.
\par Yours sincerely,
\par 
\par Minerva McGonagall,
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 Deputy Headmistress}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 Questions exploded inside Harry\rquote s head like fireworks and he couldn\rquote t decide which to ask first. After a few minutes he stam\-mered, \'93
What does it mean, they await my owl?\'94
\par \'93Gallopin\rquote  Gorgons, that reminds me,\'94 said Hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl \emdash  a real, live, rathe
r ruffled-looking owl \emdash  a long quill, and a roll of parchment. With his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Harry could read upside down:
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 Dear Professor Dumbledore,
\par Given Harry his letter.
\par Taking him to buy his things tomorrow.
\par Weather\rquote s horrible. Hope you\rquote re well.
\par Hagrid
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 
\par Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in its beak, went to the door, and threw the owl out into the storm. Then he came back and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the telephone.
\par Harry realized his mouth was open and closed it quickly.
\par \'93Where was I?\'94 said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the fire\-light.
\par \'93He\rquote s not going,\'94 he said.
\par Hagrid grunted.
\par \'93I\rquote d like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him,\'94 he said.
\par \'93A what?\'94 said Harry, interested.
\par \'93A Muggle,\'94 said Hagrid, \'93it\rquote s what we call nonmagic folk like them. An\rquote  it\rquote s your bad luck you grew up in a family o\rquote  the biggest Muggles I ever laid eyes on.\'94
\par \'93We swore when we took him in we\rquote d put a stop to that rub\-bish,\'94 said Uncle Vernon, \'93swore we\rquote d stamp it out of him! Wizard indeed!\'94
\par \'93You }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 knew}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 ?\'94 said Harry. \'93You }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 knew}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  I\rquote m a \emdash  a wizard?\'94
\par \'93Knew!\'94 shrieked Aunt Petunia suddenly. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 Knew}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 !}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 Of course we knew! How could you not be, my dratted sister being what she was? Oh, she got a letter just like that and disappeared off to that \emdash  that }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 school}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  \emdash 
 and came home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn, turning teacups into rats. I was the only one who saw her for what she was \emdash  a 
freak! But for my mother and father, oh no, it was Lily this and Lily that, they were proud of having a witch in the family!\'94
\par She stopped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on. It seemed she had been wanting to say all this for years.
\par \'93Then she met that Potter at school and they left and got mar\-ried and had you, and of course I knew you\rquote d be just the same, just as strange, just as \emdash  as \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 abnormal}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  \emdash 
 and then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up and we got landed with you!\'94
\par Harry had gone very white. As soon as he found his voice he said, \'93Blown up? You told me they died in a car crash!\'94
\par \'93CAR CRASH!\'94 roared Hagrid, jumping up so angrily that the Dursleys scuttled back to their corner. \'93How could a car crash kill Lily an\rquote  James Potter? It\rquote s an outrage! A scandal! Harry Potter not knowin\rquote 
 his own story when every kid in our world knows his name!\'94
\par \'93But why? What happened?\'94 Harry asked urgently.
\par The anger faded from Hagrid\rquote s face. He looked suddenly anxious.
\par \'93I never expected this,\'94 he said, in a low, worried voice. \'93I had no idea, when Dumbledore told me there might be trouble gettin\rquote  hold of yeh, how much yeh didn\rquote t know. Ah, Harry, I don\rquote  know if I\rquote 
m the right person ter tell yeh \emdash  but someone\rquote s gotta \emdash  yeh can\rquote t go off ter Hogwarts not knowin\rquote .\'94
\par He threw a dirty look at the Dursleys.
\par \'93Well, it\rquote s best yeh know as much as I can tell yeh \emdash  mind, I can\rquote t tell yeh everythin\rquote , it\rquote s a great myst\rquote ry, parts of it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 \'94
\par He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then said, \'93It begins, I suppose, with \emdash  with a person called \emdash  but it\rquote s incredible yeh don\rquote t know his name, everyone in our world knows \emdash \'94
\par \'93Who?\'94
\par \'93Well \emdash  I don\rquote  like sayin\rquote  the name if I can help it. No one does.\'94
\par \'93Why not?\'94
\par \'93Gulpin\rquote  gargoyles, Harry, people are still scared. Blimey, this is difficult. See, there was this wizard who went }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  bad. As bad as you could go. Worse. Worse than worse. His name was }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 \'94
\par Hagrid gulped, but no words came out.
\par \'93Could you write it down?\'94 Harry suggested.
\par \'93Nah \emdash  can\rquote t spell it. All right \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 Voldemort.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 \'94 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 Hagrid shud\-dered. \'93Don\rquote  make me say it again. Anyway, this \emdash 
 this wizard, about twenty years ago now, started lookin\rquote  fer followers. Got \rquote em, too \emdash  some were afraid, some just wanted a bit o\rquote  his power, \rquote cause he was gettin\rquote  himself power, all right. Dark days, Harry. Didn
\rquote t know who ter trust, didn\rquote t dare get friendly with strange wizards or witches }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  terrible things happened. He was takin\rquote  over. \rquote Course, some stood up to him \emdash  an\rquote  he killed \rquote em. Horribly. One o\rquote 
 the only safe places left was Hogwarts. Reckon Dumbledore\rquote s the only one You-Know-Who was afraid of. Didn\rquote t dare try takin\rquote  the school, not jus\rquote  then, anyway.
\par \'93Now, yer mum an\rquote  dad were as good a witch an\rquote  wizard as I ever knew. Head boy an\rquote  girl at Hogwarts in their day! Suppose the mys\-t\rquote ry is why You-Know-Who never tried to get \rquote em on his side be\-fore }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  probably knew they were too close ter Dumbledore ter want anythin\rquote 
 ter do with the Dark Side.
\par \'93Maybe he thought he could persuade \rquote em }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  maybe he just wanted 
\rquote em outta the way. All anyone knows is, he turned up in the village where you was all living, on Halloween ten years ago. You was just a year old. He came ter yer house an\rquote  \emdash  an\rquote  \emdash \'94
\par Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief and blew his nose with a sound like a foghorn.
\par \'93Sorry,\'94 he said. \'93But it\rquote s that sad \emdash  knew yer mum an\rquote  dad, an\rquote  nicer people yeh couldn\rquote t find \emdash  anyway }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 
\par \'93You-Know-Who killed \rquote em. An\rquote  then \emdash  an\rquote  this is the real myst\rquote ry of the thing \emdash  he tried to kill you, too. Wanted ter make a clean job of it, I suppose, or maybe he just liked killin\rquote 
 by then. But he couldn\rquote t do it. Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead? That was no ordinary cut. That\rquote s what yeh get when a powerful, evil curse touches yeh \emdash  took care of yer mum an\rquote  dad an\rquote  yer house, e
ven \emdash  but it didn\rquote t work on you, an\rquote  that\rquote s why yer famous, Harry. No one ever lived after he decided ter kill \rquote em, no one except you, an\rquote  he\rquote d killed some o\rquote  the best witches an\rquote 
 wizards of the age \emdash  the McKinnons, the Bones, the Prewetts \emdash  an\rquote  you was only a baby, an\rquote  you lived.\'94
\par Something very painful was going on in Harry\rquote s mind. As Ha\-grid\rquote s story came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more clearly than he had ever remembered it before \emdash  and he remembered something else, for t
he first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel laugh.
\par Hagrid was watching him sadly.
\par \'93Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on Dumbledore\rquote s or\-ders. Brought yeh ter this lot }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 \'94
\par \'93Load of old tosh,\'94 said Uncle Vernon. Harry jumped; he had almost forgotten that the Dursleys were there. Uncle Vernon cer\-tainly seemed to have got back his courage. He was glaring at Ha\-grid and his fists were clenched.
\par \'93Now, you listen here, boy,\'94 he snarled, \'93I accept there\rquote s some\-thing strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn\rquote t have cured \emdash 
 and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no denying it, and the world\rquote s better off without them in my opinion \emdash  asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types \emdash  just what I expect
ed, always knew they\rquote d come to a sticky end \emdash \'94
\par But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a bat\-tered pink umbrella from inside his coat. Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a sword, he said, \'93I\rquote m warning you, Dursley \emdash  I\rquote m warning you \emdash  one more word }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 \'94
\par In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, Uncle Vernon\rquote s courage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.
\par \'93That\rquote s better,\'94 said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.
\par Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.
\par \'93But what happened to Vol-, sorry \emdash  I mean, You-Know-Who?\'94
\par \'93Good question, Harry. Disappeared. Vanished. Same night he tried ter kill you. Makes yeh even more famous. That\rquote s the biggest myst\rquote ry, see }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  he was gettin\rquote  more an\rquote  more powerful \emdash  why\rquote d he go?
\par \'93Some say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die. Some say he\rquote s still out there, bidin\rquote  his time, like, but I don\rquote  believe it. People who was on his side came back ter ours. Some of 
\rquote em came outta kinda trances. Don\rquote  reckon they could\rquote ve done if he was comin\rquote  back.
\par \'93Most of us reckon he\rquote s still out there somewhere but lost his powers. Too weak to carry on. \rquote Cause somethin\rquote  about you finished him, Harry. There was somethin\rquote  goin\rquote  on that night he hadn\rquote t counted on \emdash 
 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  dunno what it was, no one does \emdash  but somethin
\rquote  about you stumped him, all right.\'94
\par Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had been a horrible mistake. A wizard? Him? How could he possibly be? He\rquote d spent his life being clouted by 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}, and bul\-lied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn\rquote t they been turned into warty toads every time they\rquote d tried to lock him in his cupboard? If he
\rquote d once defeated the great\-est sorcerer in the world, how come {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} had always been able to kick him around like a football?
\par \'93Hagrid,\'94 he said quietly, \'93I think you must have made a mis\-take. I don\rquote t think I can be a wizard.\'94
\par To his surprise, Hagrid chuckled.
\par \'93Not a wizard, eh? Never made things happen when you was scared or angry?\'94
\par Harry looked into the fire. Now he came to think about it }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604 
 every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  chased by Dudley\rquote s gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reach }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  dreading going to school with that ridiculous hair\-cut, he\rquote d managed to make it grow back }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 
\'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid7034604\charrsid7034604  and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn\rquote t he got his revenge, without even realiz\-ing he was doing it? Hadn\rquote 
t he set a boa constrictor on him?
\par Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively beaming at him.
\par \'93See?\'94 said Hagrid. \'93Harry Potter, not a wizard \emdash  you wait, you\rquote ll be right famous at Hogwarts.\'94
\par But Uncle Vernon wasn\rquote t going to give in without a fight.
\par \'93Haven\rquote t I told you he\rquote s not going?\'94 he hissed. \'93He\rquote s going to Stonewall High and he\rquote ll be grateful for it. I\rquote ve read those let\-ters and he needs all sorts of rubbish \emdash  spell books and wands and \emdash 
\'94
\par \'93If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you won\rquote t stop him,\'94 growled Hagrid. \'93Stop Lily an\rquote  James Potter\rquote s son goin\rquote  ter Hog\-warts! Yer mad. His name\rquote s been down ever since he was born. He\rquote 
s off ter the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. Seven years there and he won\rquote t know himself. He\rquote ll be with young\-sters of his own sort, fer a change, an\rquote  he\rquote ll be under the greate
st headmaster Hogwarts ever had, Albus Dumbled\emdash \'94
\par \'93I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL TO TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!\'94 yelled Uncle Vernon.
\par But he had finally gone too far. Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, \'93NEVER \emdash \'94 he thundered, \'93\emdash  IN\-SULT \emdash  ALBUS \emdash  DUMBLEDORE \emdash  IN \emdash  FRONT \emdash  OF \emdash  ME!\'94
\par He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley \emdash  there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was danc\-ing on t
he spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain. When he turned his back on them, Harry saw a curly pig\rquote s tail poking through a hole in his trousers.
\par Uncle Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them.
\par Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.
\par \'93Shouldn\rquote ta lost me temper,\'94 he said ruefully, \'93but it didn\rquote t work anyway. Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there wasn\rquote t much left ter do.\'94
\par He cast a sideways look at Harry under his bushy eyebrows.
\par \'93Be grateful if yeh didn\rquote t mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts,\'94 he said. \'93I\rquote m \emdash  er \emdash  not supposed ter do magic, strictly speakin\rquote . I was allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an\rquote  get yer letters to yeh an
\rquote  stuff \emdash  one o\rquote  the reasons I was so keen ter take on the job \emdash \'94
\par \'93Why aren\rquote t you supposed to do magic?\'94 asked Harry.
\par \'93Oh, well \emdash  I was at Hogwarts meself but I \emdash  er \emdash  got ex\-pelled, ter tell yeh the truth. In me third year. They snapped me wand in half an\rquote  everything. But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great man, Dumbledore.\'94

\par \'93Why were you expelled?\'94
\par \'93It\rquote s gettin\rquote  late and we\rquote ve got lots ter do tomorrow,\'94 said Hagrid loudly. \'93Gotta get up ter town, get all yer books an\rquote  that.\'94
\par He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Harry.
\par \'93You can kip under that,\'94 he said. \'93Don\rquote  mind if it wriggles a bit, I think I still got a couple o\rquote  dormice in one o\rquote  the pockets.\'94
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 5
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 Diagon Alley
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13910765 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 H}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 arry woke early the next morning. Although he could tell it was daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 \'93It was a dream,\'94 he told himself firmly. \'93I dreamed a giant called Hagrid came to tell me I was going to a school for wizards. When I open my eyes I
\rquote ll be at home in my cupboard.\'94
\par There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 And there}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 s Aunt Petunia knocking on the door,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  Harry thought, his heart sinking. But he still didn
\rquote t open his eyes. It had been such a good dream.
\par Tap. Tap. Tap.
\par \'93All right,\'94 Harry mumbled, \'93I\rquote m getting up.\'94
\par He sat up and Hagrid\rquote s heavy coat fell off him. The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the win\-dow, a newspaper held in its beak.
\par Harry scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside him. He went straight to the window and jerked it open. The owl swooped in and dropped the newspa\-per on top of Hagrid, who didn\rquote 
t wake up. The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack Hagrid\rquote s coat.
\par \'93Don\rquote t do that.\'94
\par Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.
\par \'93Hagrid!\'94 said Harry loudly. \'93There\rquote s an owl \emdash \'94
\par \'93Pay him,\'94 Hagrid grunted into the sofa.
\par \'93What?\'94
\par \'93He wants payin\rquote  fer deliverin\rquote  the paper. Look in the pockets.\'94
\par Hagrid\rquote s coat seemed to be made of nothing }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 but}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
 pockets \emdash  bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.
\par \'93Give him five Knuts,\'94 said Hagrid sleepily.
\par \'93Knuts?\'94
\par \'93The little bronze ones.\'94
\par Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it. Then he flew off through the open window.
\par Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched.
\par \'93Best be off, Harry, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter London an\rquote  buy all yer stuff fer school.\'94
\par Harry was turning over the wizard coins and looking at them. He had just thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon inside him had got a puncture.
\par \'93Um \emdash  Hagrid?\'94
\par \'93Mm?\'94 said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots.
\par \'93I haven\rquote t got any money \emdash  and you heard Uncle Vernon last night }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  he won\rquote t pay for me to go and learn magic.\'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t worry about that,\'94 said Hagrid, standing up and scratch\-ing his head. \'93D\rquote yeh think yer parents didn\rquote t leave yeh anything?\'94
\par \'93But if their house was destroyed \emdash \'94
\par \'93They didn\rquote  keep their gold in the house, boy! Nah, first stop fer us is Gringotts. Wizards\rquote  bank. Have a sausage, they\rquote re not bad cold \emdash  an\rquote  I wouldn\rquote  say no teh a bit o\rquote  yer birthday cake, neither.\'94

\par \'93Wizards have }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 banks}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 ?\'94
\par \'93Just the one. Gringotts. Run by goblins.\'94
\par Harry dropped the bit of sausage he was holding.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Goblins}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 ?\'94
\par \'93Yeah \emdash  so yeh\rquote d be mad ter try an\rquote  rob it, I\rquote ll tell yeh that. Never mess with goblins, Harry. Gringotts is the safest place in the world fer anything yeh want ter keep safe \emdash  \rquote cept maybe Hog\-
warts. As a matter o\rquote  fact, I gotta visit Gringotts anyway Fer Dum\-bledore. Hogwarts business.\'94 Hagrid drew himself up proudly. \'93He usually gets me ter do important stuff fer him. Fetchin\rquote  you \emdash  gettin\rquote 
 things from Gringotts \emdash  knows he can trust me, see.
\par \'93Got everythin\rquote ? Come on, then.\'94
\par Harry followed Hagrid out onto the rock. The sky was quite clear now and the sea gleamed in the sunlight. The boat Uncle Ver\-non had hired was still there, with a lot of water in the bottom af\-ter the storm.
\par \'93How did you get here?\'94 Harry asked, looking around for an\-other boat.
\par \'93Flew,\'94 said Hagrid.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Flew}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 ?\'94
\par \'93Yeah \emdash  but we\rquote ll go back in this. Not s\rquote pposed ter use magic now I\rquote ve got yeh.\'94
\par They settled down in the boat, Harry still staring at Hagrid, try\-ing to imagine him flying.
\par \'93Seems a shame ter row, though,\'94 said Hagrid, giving Harry an\-other of his sideways looks. \'93If I was ter \emdash  er \emdash  speed things up a bit, would yeh mind not mentionin\rquote  it at Hogwarts?\'94
\par \'93Of course not,\'94 said Harry, eager to see more magic. Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and they sped off toward land.
\par \'93Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?\'94 Harry asked.
\par \'93Spells \emdash  enchantments,\'94 said Hagrid, unfolding his news\-paper as he spoke. \'93They say there\rquote s dragons guardin\rquote  the high-security vaults. And then yeh gotta find yer way \emdash  Gringotts is hundreds of miles under 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}London{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}, see. Deep under the Under\-ground. Yeh\rquote d die of hunger tryin\rquote  ter get out, even if yeh did man\-age ter get yer hands on summat.
\'94
\par Harry sat and thought about this while Hagrid read his newspa\-per, the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Daily Prophet}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
 Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to be left alone while they did this, but it was very dif\-ficult, he\rquote d never had so many questions in his life.
\par \'93Ministry o\rquote  Magic messin\rquote  things up as usual,\'94 Hagrid mut\-tered, turning the page.
\par \'93There\rquote s a Ministry of Magic?\'94 Harry asked, before he could stop himself.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'93 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Course,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93They wanted Dumbledore fer Minis\-
ter, o\rquote  course, but he\rquote d never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the job. Bungler if ever there was one. So he pelts Dum\-bledore with owls every morning, askin\rquote  fer advice.\'94
\par \'93But what does a Ministry of Magic }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 do}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 ?\'94
\par \'93Well, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that there\rquote s still witches an\rquote  wizards up an\rquote  down the country.\'94
\par \'93Why?\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Why}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Blimey, Harry, everyone\rquote d be wantin\rquote 
 magic solutions to their problems. Nah, we\rquote re best left alone.\'94
\par At this moment the boat bumped gently into the harbor wall. Hagrid folded up his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the street.
\par Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town to the station. Harry couldn\rquote t blame them. Not only was Ha\-grid twice as tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordi\-
nary things like parking meters and saying loudly, \'93See that, Harry? Things these Muggles dream up, eh?\'94
\par \'93Hagrid,\'94 said Harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, \'93did you say there are }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 dragons}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  at Gringotts?\'94
\par \'93Well, so they say,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93Crikey, I\rquote d like a dragon.\'94
\par \'93You\rquote d }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 like}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  one?\'94
\par \'93Wanted one ever since I was a kid \emdash  here we go.\'94
\par They had reached the station. There was a train to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}London{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} in five minutes\rquote  time. Hagrid, who didn\rquote t understand \'93Muggle money,\'94
 as he called it, gave the bills to Harry so he could buy their tickets.
\par People stared more than ever on the train. Hagrid took up two seats and sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.
\par \'93Still got yer letter, Harry?\'94 he asked as he counted stitches.
\par Harry took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.
\par \'93Good,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93There\rquote s a list there of everything yeh need.\'94
\par Harry unfolded a second piece of paper he hadn\rquote t noticed the night before, and read:
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13910765 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}HOGWARTS{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}SCHOOL{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  WITCHCRAFT }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  WIZARDRY
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13910765 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
\par UNIFORM
\par First-year students will require:
\par 1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)
\par 2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear
\par 3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)
\par 4. One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)
\par Please note that all pupils\rquote  clothes should carry name tags
\par 
\par COURSE BOOKS
\par All students should have a copy of each of the following:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1)}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
\par by Miranda Goshawk
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 A History of Magic}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  by Bathilda Bagshot
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Magical Theory}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  by Adalbert Waffling
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 A Beginners\rquote  Guide to Transfiguration}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
 by Emeric Switch
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
\par by Phyllida Spore
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Magical Drafts and Potions}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  by Arsenius Jigger
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
\par by Newt Scamander
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
\par by Quentin Trimble
\par 
\par OTHER EQUIPMENT
\par 1 wand
\par 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)
\par 1 set glass or crystal phials
\par 1 telescope
\par 1 set brass scales
\par Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad
\par 
\par PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS
\par ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS
\par 
\par \'93Can we buy all this in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}London{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}?\'94 Harry wondered aloud.
\par \'93If yeh know where to go,\'94 said Hagrid.
\par 
\par Harry had never been to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}London{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
 before. Although Hagrid seemed to know where he was going, he was obviously not used to getting there in an ordinary way. He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.

\par \'93I don\rquote t know how the Muggles manage without magic,\'94 he said as they climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops.
\par Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him. The
y passed book shops and music stores, hamburger restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as if it could sell you a magic wand. This was just an ordinary street full of ordinary people. Could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles beneat
h them? Were there really shops that sold spell books and broomsticks? Might this not all be some huge joke that the Dursleys had cooked up? If Harry hadn\rquote 
t known that the Dursleys had no sense of humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry couldn\rquote t help trusting him.
\par \'93This is it,\'94 said Hagrid, coming to a halt, \'93the Leaky Cauldron. It\rquote s a famous place.\'94
\par It was a tiny, grubby-looking pub. If Hagrid hadn\rquote t pointed it out, Harry wouldn\rquote t have noticed it was there. The people hurrying by didn\rquote 
t glance at it. Their eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the record shop on the other as if they couldn\rquote t see the Leaky Cauldron at all. In fact, Harry had the most peculiar feeling tha
t only he and Hagrid could see it. Before he could mention this, Ha\-grid had steered him inside.
\par For a famous place, it was very dark and shabby. A few old women were sitting in a corner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry. One of them was smoking a long pipe. A little man in a top hat was talk\-
ing to the old bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut. The low buzz of chatter stopped when they walked in. Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, \'93
The usual, Hagrid?\'94
\par \'93Can\rquote t, Tom, I\rquote m on Hogwarts business,\'94 said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry\rquote s shoulder and making Harry\rquote s knees buckle.
\par \'93Good Lord,\'94 said the bartender, peering at Harry, \'93is this \emdash  can this be \emdash  ?\'94
\par The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.
\par \'93Bless my soul,\'94 whispered the old bartender, \'93Harry Potter }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
 what an honor.\'94
\par He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.
\par \'93Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.\'94
\par Harry didn\rquote t know what to say. Everyone was looking at him. The old woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out. Hagrid was beaming.
\par Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Harry found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.
\par \'93Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter, can\rquote t believe I\rquote m meeting you at last.\'94
\par \'93So proud, Mr. Potter, I\rquote m just so proud.\'94
\par \'93Always wanted to shake your hand \emdash  I\rquote m all of a flutter.\'94
\par \'93Delighted, Mr. Potter, just can\rquote t tell you, Diggle\rquote s the name, Dedalus Diggle.\'94
\par \'93I\rquote ve seen you before!\'94 said Harry, as Dedalus Diggle\rquote s top hat fell off in his excitement. \'93You bowed to me once in a shop.\'94
\par \'93He remembers!\'94 cried Dedalus Diggle, looking around at everyone. \'93Did you hear that? He remembers me!\'94
\par Harry shook hands again and again \emdash  Doris Crockford kept coming back for more.
\par A pale young man made his way forward, very nervously. One of his eyes was twitching.
\par \'93Professor Quirrell!\'94 said Hagrid. \'93Harry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts.\'94
\par \'93P-P-Potter,\'94 stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Harry\rquote s hand, \'93c-can\rquote t t-tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you.\'94
\par \'93What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?\'94
\par \'93D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts,\'94 muttered Professor Quirrell, as though he\rquote d rather not think about it. \'93N-not that you n-need it, eh, P-P-Potter?\'94 He laughed nervously. \'93You\rquote 
ll be g-getting all your equipment, I suppose? I\rquote ve g-got to p-pick up a new b-book on vampires, m-myself.\'94 He looked terrified at the very thought.
\par But the others wouldn\rquote t let Professor Quirrell keep Harry to himself. It took almost ten minutes to get away from them all. At last, Hagrid managed to make himself heard over the babble.
\par \'93Must get on \emdash  lots ter buy Come on, Harry.\'94
\par Doris Crockford shook Harry\rquote s hand one last time, and Hagrid led them through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.
\par Hagrid grinned at Harry.
\par \'93Told yeh, didn\rquote t I? Told yeh you was famous. Even Professor Quirrell was tremblin\rquote  ter meet yeh \emdash  mind you, he\rquote s usually trem\-blin\rquote .\'94
\par \'93Is he always that nervous?\'94
\par \'93Oh, yeah. Poor bloke. Brilliant mind. He was fine while he was studyin\rquote  outta books but then he took a year off ter get some first\-hand experience}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  They say he met vampires in the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Black Forest{\*\xmlclose}, and there was a nasty bit o\rquote  trouble with a hag 
\emdash  never been the same since. Scared of the students, scared of his own subject \emdash  now, where\rquote s me umbrella?\'94
\par Vampires? Hags? Harry\rquote s head was swimming. Hagrid, mean\-while, was counting bricks in the wall above the trash can.
\par \'93Three up }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  two across }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 \'94 he muttered. \'93Right, stand back, Harry.\'94
\par He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.
\par The brick he had touched quivered \emdash  it wriggled \emdash  in the middle, a small hole appeared \emdash  it grew wider and wider \emdash  a sec\-ond later they were facing an archway large enough even for Ha\-
grid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.
\par \'93Welcome,\'94 said Hagrid, \'93to Diagon Alley.\'94
\par He grinned at Harry\rquote s amazement. They stepped through the archway. Harry looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the arch\-way shrink instantly back into solid wall.
\par The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the near\-est shop. Cauldrons \emdash  All Sizes \emdash  Copper, Brass, Pewter, Sil\-ver \emdash  Self-Stirring \emdash  Collapsible, said a sign hanging over them.
\par \'93Yeah, you\rquote ll be needin\rquote  one,\'94 said Hagrid, \'93but we gotta get yer money first.\'94
\par Harry wished he had about eight more eyes. He turned his head i
n every direction as they walked up the street, trying to look at everything at once: the shops, the things outside them, the people doing their shopping. A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as they passed, saying, \'93
Dragon liver, sixteen Sickles an ounce, they\rquote re mad.
\par A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl Emporium \emdash  Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy. Several boys of about Harry\rquote s age had their noses pressed against a window with broomsticks in it. \'93Look,\'94
 Harry heard one of them say, \'93the new Nimbus Two Thousand \emdash  fastest ever \emdash \'94
 There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels\rquote  
eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
\par \'93Gringotts,\'94 said Hagrid.
\par They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops. Standing beside its burnished bronze doors, wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold, was \emdash 
\par \'93Yeah, that\rquote s a goblin,\'94 said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white stone steps toward him. The goblin was about a head shorter than Harry. He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Harry noti
ced, very long fingers and feet. He bowed as they walked inside. Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them:
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Enter, stranger, but take heed
\par Of what awaits the sin of greed,
\par For those who take, but do not earn,
\par Must pay most dearly in their turn.
\par So if you seek beneath our floors
\par A treasure that was never yours,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Thief, you have been warned, beware
\par Of finding more than treasure there.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
\par 
\par \'93Like I said, yeh\rquote d be mad ter try an\rquote  rob it,\'94 said Hagrid.
\par A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall. About a hundred more goblins were sit\-
ting on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through ey
eglasses. There were too many doors to count leading off the hall, and yet more goblins were showing people in and out of these. Hagrid and Harry made for the counter.
\par \'93Morning,\'94 said Hagrid to a free goblin. \'93We\rquote ve come ter take some money outta Mr. Harry Potter\rquote s safe.\'94
\par \'93You have his key, sir?\'94
\par \'93Got it here somewhere,\'94 said Hagrid, and he started emptying his pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits over the goblins book of numbers. The goblin wrinkled his nose. Harry watched t
he goblin on their right weighing a pile of ru\-bies as big as glowing coals.
\par \'93Got it,\'94 said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.
\par The goblin looked at it closely.
\par \'93That seems to be in order.\'94
\par \'93An\rquote  I\rquote ve also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore,\'94 said Hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest. \'93It\rquote s about the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen.\'94
\par The goblin read the letter carefully.
\par \'93Very well,\'94 he said, handing it back to Hagrid, \'93I will have someone take you down to both vaults. Griphook!\'94
\par Griphook was yet another goblin. Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Harry followed Griphook toward one of the doors leading off the hall.
\par \'93What\rquote s the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thir\-teen?\'94 Harry asked.
\par \'93Can\rquote t tell yeh that,\'94 said Hagrid mysteriously. \'93Very secret. Hogwarts business. Dumbledore\rquote s trusted me. More\rquote n my job\rquote s worth ter tell yeh that.\'94
\par Griphook held the door open for them. Harry, who had ex\-pected more marble, was surprised. They were in a narrow stone passageway lit with flaming torches. It sloped steeply down\-
ward and there were little railway tracks on the floor. Griphook whistled and a small cart came hurtling up the tracks toward them. They climbed in \emdash  Hagrid with some difficulty \emdash  and were off.
\par At first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting passages. Harry tried to remember, left, right, right, left, middle fork, right, left, but it was impossible. The rattling cart seemed to know its own way, because Griphook wasn\rquote t steering.

\par Harry\rquote s eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but he kept them wide open. Once, he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a passage and twisted around to see if it was a dragon, but too late \emdash  they plunged even deeper, passing a
n underground lake where huge stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.
\par \'93I never know,\'94 Harry called to Hagrid over the noise of the cart, \'93what\rquote s the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?\'94
\par \'93Stalagmite\rquote s got an \lquote m\rquote  in it,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93An\rquote  don\rquote  ask me questions just now, I think I\rquote m gonna be sick.\'94
\par He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small door in the passage wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the wall to stop his knees from trembling.
\par Griphook unlocked the door. A lot of green smoke came billow\-ing out, and as it cleared, Harry gasped. Inside were mounds of gold coins. Columns of silver. Heaps of little bronze Knuts.
\par \'93All yours,\'94 smiled Hagrid.
\par All Harry\rquote s \emdash  it was incredible. The Dursleys couldn\rquote t have known about this or they\rquote d have had it from him faster than blink\-
ing. How often had they complained how much Harry cost them to keep? And all the time there had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}London{\*\xmlclose}
{\*\xmlclose}.
\par Hagrid helped Harry pile some of it into a bag.
\par \'93The gold ones are Galleons,\'94 he explained. \'93Seventeen silver Sickles to a Galleon and twenty-nine Knuts to a Sickle, it\rquote s easy enough. Right, that should be enough fer a couple o\rquote  terms, we\rquote ll keep the rest safe for yeh.\'94
 He turned to Griphook. \'93Vault seven hundred and thirteen now, please, and can we go more slowly?\'94
\par \'93One speed only,\'94 said Griphook.
\par They were going even deeper now and gathering speed. The air became colder and colder as they hurtled round tight corners. They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Ha
\-grid groaned and pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.
\par Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.
\par \'93Stand back,\'94 said Griphook importantly. He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.
\par \'93If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they\rquote d be sucked through the door and trapped in there,\'94 said Griphook.
\par \'93How often do you check to see if anyone\rquote s inside?\'94 Harry asked.
\par \'93About once every ten years,\'94 said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.
\par Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault, Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at the very least \emdash 
 but at first he thought it was empty. Then he noticed a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on the floor. Hagrid picked it up and tucked it deep inside his coat. Harry longed to know what it was, but knew better than to ask.
\par \'93Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don\rquote t talk to me on the way back, its best if I keep me mouth shut,\'94 said Hagrid.
\par 
\par One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside Gringotts. Harry didn\rquote t know where to run first now that he had a bag full of money. He didn\rquote 
t have to know how many Galleons there were to a pound to know that he was holding more money than he\rquote d had in his whole life \emdash  more money than even {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} had ever had.
\par \'93Might as well get yer uniform,\'94 said Hagrid, nodding toward Madam Malkin\rquote s Robes for All Occasions. \'93Listen, Harry, would yeh mind if I slipped off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron? I hate them Gringotts carts.\'94
 He did still look a bit sick, so Harry entered Madam Malkin\rquote s shop alone, feeling nervous.
\par Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve.
\par \'93Hogwarts, dear?\'94 she said, when Harry started to speak. \'93Got the lot here \emdash  another young man being fitted up just now, in fact.\'94
\par In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointe
d face was standing on a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black robes. Madam Malkin stood Harry on a stool next to him, slipped a long robe over his head, and began to pin it to the right length.
\par \'93Hello,\'94 said the boy, \'93Hogwarts, too?\'94
\par \'93Yes,\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93My father\rquote s next door buying my books and mother\rquote s up the street looking at wands,\'94 said the boy. He had a bored, drawling voice. \'93Then I\rquote m going to drag them off to look at racing brooms. I don\rquote 
t see why first years can\rquote t have their own. I think I\rquote ll bully fa\-ther into getting me one and I\rquote ll smuggle it in somehow.\'94
\par Harry was strongly reminded of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}.
\par \'93Have }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  got your own broom?\'94 the boy went on.

\par \'93No,\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93Play Quidditch at all?\'94
\par \'93No,\'94 Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  do \emdash  Father says it\rquote s a crime if I
\rquote m not picked to play for my House, and I must say, I agree. Know what House you\rquote ll be in yet?\'94
\par \'93No,\'94 said Harry, feeling more stupid by the minute.
\par \'93Well, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but I know I\rquote ll be in Slytherin, all our family have been \emdash  imagine be\-ing in Hufflepuff, I think I\rquote d leave, wouldn\rquote t you?\'94
\par \'93Mmm,\'94 said Harry, wishing he could say something a bit more interesting.
\par \'93I say, look at that man!\'94 said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the front window. Hagrid was standing there, grinning at Harry and pointing at two large ice creams to show he couldn\rquote t come in.
\par \'93That\rquote s Hagrid,\'94 said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didn\rquote t. \'93He works at Hogwarts.\'94
\par \'93Oh,\'94 said the boy, \'93I\rquote ve heard of him. He\rquote s a sort of servant, isn\rquote t he?\'94
\par \'93He\rquote s the gamekeeper,\'94 said Harry. He was liking the boy less and less every second.
\par \'93Yes, exactly. I heard he\rquote s a sort of }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 savage}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  
\emdash  lives in a hut on the school grounds and every now and then he gets drunk, tries to do magic, and ends up setting fire to his bed.\'94
\par \'93I think he\rquote s brilliant,\'94 said Harry coldly.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Do}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  you?\'94 said the boy, with a slight sneer. \'93
Why is he with you? Where are your parents?\'94
\par \'93They\rquote re dead,\'94 said Harry shortly. He didn\rquote t feel much like go\-ing into the matter with this boy.
\par \'93Oh, sorry,\'94 said the other, not sounding sorry at all. \'93But they were }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 our}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  kind, weren\rquote t they?\'94
\par \'93They were a witch and wizard, if that\rquote s what you mean.\'94
\par \'93I really don\rquote t think they should let the other sort in, do you? They\rquote re just not the same, they\rquote 
ve never been brought up to know our ways. Some of them have never even heard of Hogwarts until they get the letter, imagine. I think they should keep it in the old wizarding families. What\rquote s your surname, anyway?\'94
\par But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, \'93That\rquote s you done, my dear,\'94 and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talk\-ing to the boy, hopped down from the footstool.
\par \'93Well, I\rquote ll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose,\'94 said the drawling boy.
\par Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).
\par \'93What\rquote s up?\'94 said Hagrid.
\par \'93Nothing,\'94 Harry lied. They stopped to buy parchment and quills. Harry cheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that changed color as you wrote. When they had left the shop, he said, \'93Hagrid, what\rquote s Quidditch?\'94
\par \'93Blimey, Harry, I keep forgettin\rquote  how little yeh know \emdash  not knowin\rquote  about Quidditch!\'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t make me feel worse,\'94 said Harry. He told Hagrid about the pale boy in Madam Malkin\rquote s.
\par \'93\emdash  and he said people from Muggle families shouldn\rquote t even be allowed in \emdash \'94
\par \'93Yer not }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 from}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  a Muggle family. If he\rquote 
d known who yeh }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 were}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  \emdash  he\rquote s grown up knowin
\rquote  yer name if his parents are wizardin\rquote  folk. You saw what everyone in the Leaky Cauldron was like when they saw yeh. Anyway, what does he know about it, some o\rquote  the best I ever saw were the only ones with magic in \rquote 
em in a long line o\rquote  Muggles \emdash  look at yer mum! Look what she had fer a sister!\'94
\par \'93So what }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 is}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  Quidditch?\'94
\par \'93It\rquote s our sport. Wizard sport. It\rquote s like \emdash  like soccer in the Muggle world \emdash  everyone follows Quidditch \emdash  played up in the air on broomsticks and there\rquote s four balls \emdash  sorta hard ter explain the rules.
\'94
\par \'93And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?\'94
\par \'93School Houses. There\rquote s four. Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o\rquote  duffers, but \emdash \'94
\par \'93I bet I\rquote m in Hufflepuff,\'94 said Harry gloomily.
\par \'93Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin,\'94 said Hagrid darkly. \'93There\rquote s not a single witch or wizard who went bad who wasn\rquote t in Slytherin. You-Know-Who was one.\'94
\par \'93Vol-, sorry \emdash  You-Know-Who was at Hogwarts?\'94
\par \'93Years an\rquote  years ago,\'94 said Hagrid.
\par They bought Harry\rquote s school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as paving stones bound in leather; books the s
ize of postage stamps in covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with nothing in them at all. Even Dudley, who never read anything, would have been wild to get his hands on some of these. Hagrid almost had to drag Harry away from }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Curses and Counter-curses }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 (}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 Bewitch Your Friends and Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs, Tongue-Tying and Much, Much More}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 )}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  by Professor Vindictus Viridian.
\par \'93I was trying to find out how to curse {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}.\'94
\par \'93I\rquote m not sayin\rquote  that\rquote s not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the Muggle world except in very special circumstances,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93An\rquote  anyway, yeh couldn\rquote  work any of them curses yet, yeh\rquote 
ll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level.\'94
\par Hagrid wouldn\rquote t let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either (\'93It says pewter on yer list\'94), but they got a nice set of scales for weigh\-
ing potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope. Then they visited the Apothecary, which was fascinating enough to make up for its horr
ible smell, a mixture of bad eggs and rotted cabbages. Barrels of slimy stuff stood on the floor; jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders lined the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung from the ceiling. While Hagrid 
asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic po\-tion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule, glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).
\par Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry\rquote s list again.
\par \'93Just yer wand left \emdash  oh yeah, an\rquote  I still haven\rquote t got yeh a birth\-day present.\'94
\par Harry felt himself go red.
\par \'93You don\rquote t have to \emdash \'94
\par \'93I know I don\rquote t have to. Tell yeh what, I\rquote ll get yer animal. Not a toad, toads went outta fashion years ago, yeh\rquote d be laughed at \emdash  an\rquote  I don\rquote  like cats, they make me sneeze. I\rquote 
ll get yer an owl. All the kids want owls, they\rquote re dead useful, carry yer mail an\rquote  everythin\rquote .\'94
\par Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl Emporium, which had been dark and full of rustling and flickering, jewel-bright eyes. Harry now carried a large cage that held a beautiful snowy owl, fast asleep with her head under her wing. He couldn\rquote 
t stop stammering his thanks, sounding just like Professor Quirrell.
\par \'93Don\rquote  mention it,\'94 said Hagrid gruffly. \'93Don\rquote  expect you\rquote ve had a lotta presents from them Dursleys. Just Ollivanders left now \emdash  only place fer wands, Ollivanders, and yeh gotta have the best wand.\'94
\par A magic wand }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  this was what Harry had been really looking forward to.
\par The last shop was narrow and shabby. Peeling gold letters over the door read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382b.c. A single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.
\par A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepp
ed inside. It was a tiny place, empty except for a single, spindly chair that Hagrid sat on to wait. Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead 
at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling. For some reason, the back of his neck prickled. The very dust and silence in here seemed to tingle with some secret magic.
\par \'93Good afternoon,\'94 said a soft voice. Harry jumped. Hagrid must have jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly off the spindly chair.
\par An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shin\-ing like moons through the gloom of the shop.
\par \'93Hello,\'94 said Harry awkwardly.
\par \'93Ah yes,\'94 said the man. \'93Yes, yes. I thought I\rquote d be seeing you soon. Harry Potter.\'94 It wasn\rquote t a question. \'93You have your mother\rquote 
s eyes. It seems only yesterday she was in here herself, buying her first wand. Ten and a quarter inches long, swishy, made of willow. Nice wand for charm work.\'94
\par Mr. Ollivander moved closer to Harry. Harry wished he would blink. Those silvery eyes were a bit creepy.
\par \'93Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand. Eleven inches. Pliable. A little more power and excellent for trans\-figuration. Well, I say your father favored it \emdash  it\rquote s really the wand that chooses the wizard, of course.\'94

\par Mr. Ollivander had come so close that he and Harry were almost nose to nose. Harry could see himself reflected in those misty eyes.
\par \'93And that\rquote s where }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 \'94
\par Mr. Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Harry\rquote s forehead with a long, white finger.
\par \'93I\rquote m sorry to say I sold the wand that did it,\'94 he said softly. \'93Thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Powerful wand, very powerful, and in the wrong hands }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  well, if I\rquote d known what that wand was going out into the world to do}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 \'94
\par He shook his head and then, to Harry\rquote s relief, spotted Hagrid.
\par \'93Rubeus! Rubeus Hagrid! How nice to see you again}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
 Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasn\rquote t it?\'94
\par \'93It was, sir, yes,\'94 said Hagrid.
\par \'93Good wand, that one. But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got expelled?\'94 said Mr. Ollivander, suddenly stern.
\par \'93Er \emdash  yes, they did, yes,\'94 said Hagrid, shuffling his feet. \'93I\rquote ve still got the pieces, though,\'94 he added brightly.
\par \'93But you don\rquote t }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 use}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  them?\'94
 said Mr. Ollivander sharply.
\par \'93Oh, no, sir,\'94 said Hagrid quickly. Harry noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke.
\par \'93Hmmm,\'94 said Mr. Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look. \'93Well, now \emdash  Mr. Potter. Let me see.\'94 He pulled a long tape mea\-sure with silver markings out of his pocket. \'93Which is your wand arm?\'94
\par \'93Er \emdash  well, I\rquote m right-handed,\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93Hold out your arm. That\rquote s it.\'94 He measured Harry from shoul\-der to finger, then wrist to elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit and round his head. As he measured, he said, \'93
Every Ollivander wand has a core of a powerful magical substance, Mr. Potter. We use unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers, and the heartstrings of dragons. No two Ollivander wands are the same, just as no two
 unicorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite the same. And of course, you will never get such good results with another wizard\rquote s wand.\'94
\par Harry suddenly realized that the tape measure, which was mea\-suring between his nostrils, was doing this on its own. Mr. Olli\-vander was flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes.
\par \'93That will do,\'94 he said, and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on the floor. \'93Right then, Mr. Potter. Try this one. Beech-wood and dragon heartstring. Nine inches. Nice and flexible. Just take it and give it a wave.\'94
\par Harry took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr. Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.
\par \'93Maple and phoenix feather.  Seven inches.  Quite whippy. Try \emdash \'94
\par Harry tried \emdash  but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was snatched back by Mr. Ollivander.
\par \'93No, no \emdash  here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy. Go on, go on, try it out.\'94
\par Harry tried. And tried. He had no idea what Mr. Ollivander was waiting for. The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair, but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the shelves, the happier he seemed to become.
\par \'93Tricky customer, eh? Not to worry, we\rquote ll find the perfect match here somewhere \emdash  I wonder, now \emdash  yes, why not \emdash  unusual combination \emdash  holly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple.\'94
\par Harry took the wand. He felt a sudden warmth in his fingers. He raised the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red 
and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. Hagrid whooped and clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, \'93Oh, bravo! Yes, indeed, oh, very good. Well, well, well }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  how curious }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  how very curious }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 \'94
\par He put Harry\rquote s wand back into its box and wrapped it in brown paper, still muttering, \'93Curious }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  curious }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 
\'94
\par \'93Sorry,\'94 said Harry, \'93but }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765 what\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  curious?
\'94
\par Mr. Ollivander fixed Harry with his pale stare.
\par \'93I remember every wand I\rquote ve ever sold, Mr. Potter. Every single wand. It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand, gave another feather \emdash  just one other. It is very curious in\-
deed that you should be destined for this wand when its brother \emdash  why, its brother gave you that scar.\'94
\par Harry swallowed.
\par \'93Yes, thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Curious indeed how these things happen. The wand chooses the wizard, remember}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  I think we must expect great things from you, Mr. Potter}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  After all, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things \emdash  terrible, yes, but great.\'94
\par Harry shivered. He wasn\rquote t sure he liked Mr. Ollivander too much. He paid seven gold Galleons for his wand, and Mr. Olli\-vander bowed them from his shop.
\par 
\par The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry and Hagrid made their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through the Leaky Cauldron, now empty Harry didn\rquote t speak at all as they walked down the road; he didn\rquote 
t even notice how much people were gawking at them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harry\rquote 
s lap. Up another escalator, out into Paddington station; Harry only realized where they were when Ha\-grid tapped him on the shoulder.
\par \'93Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves,\'94 he said.
\par He bought Harry a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat them. Harry kept looking around. Everything looked so strange, somehow.
\par \'93You all right, Harry? Yer very quiet,\'94 said Hagrid.
\par Harry wasn\rquote t sure he could explain. He\rquote d just had the best birth\-day of his life \emdash  and yet \emdash  he chewed his hamburger, trying to find the words.
\par \'93Everyone thinks I\rquote m special,\'94 he said at last. \'93All those people in the Leaky Cauldron, Professor Quirrell, Mr. Ollivander }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  but I don\rquote t know anything about magic at all. How can they expect great things? I\rquote m famous and I can\rquote t even remember what I\rquote m famous for. I don\rquote 
t know what happened when Vol-, sorry \emdash  I mean, the night my parents died.\'94
\par Hagrid leaned across the table. Behind the wild beard and eye\-brows he wore a very kind smile.
\par \'93Don\rquote  you worry, Harry. You\rquote ll learn fast enough. Everyone starts at the beginning at Hogwarts, you\rquote ll be just fine. Just be yer\-self. I know it\rquote s hard. Yeh\rquote ve been singled out, an\rquote  that\rquote 
s always hard. But yeh\rquote ll have a great time at Hogwarts \emdash  I did \emdash  still do, \rquote smat\-ter of fact.\'94
\par Hagrid helped Harry on to the train that would take him back to the Dursleys, then handed him an envelope.
\par \'93Yer ticket fer Hogwarts,\'94 he said. \'93First o\rquote  September \emdash  King\rquote s Cross \emdash  it\rquote s all on yer ticket. Any problems with the Dursleys, send me a letter with yer owl, she\rquote ll know where to find me}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid13910765\charrsid13910765  See yeh soon, Harry.\'94
\par The train pulled out of the station. Harry wanted to watch Ha\-grid until he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against the window, but he blinked and Hagrid had gone.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 6
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 The Journey from Platform Nine and Three-Quarters
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12475629 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 H}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 arry\rquote s last month with the Dursleys wasn\rquote t fun. True, Dudley was now so scared of Harry he wouldn\rquote t stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon didn
\rquote t shut Harry in his cupboard, force him to do anything, or shout at him \emdash  in fact, they didn\rquote t speak to him at all. Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any chair with Harry in it were empty. Although this was an i
mprovement in many ways, it did be\-come a bit depressing after a while.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 Harry kept to his room, with his new owl for company. He had decided to call her Hedwig, a name he had found in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 A History of Magic}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  His school books were very interesting. He lay on his bed reading late into the night, Hedwig swooping in and out of the open window as she pleased. It was lucky that Aunt Petunia didn
\rquote t come in to vacuum anymore, because Hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. Every night before he went to sleep, Harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned to the wall, count\-ing down to September the first.
\par On the last day of August he thought he\rquote d better speak to his aunt and uncle about getting to King\rquote s Cross station the next day, so he went down to the
 living room where they were watching a quiz show on television. He cleared his throat to let them know he was there, and {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} screamed and ran from the room.
\par \'93Er \emdash  Uncle Vernon?\'94
\par Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening.
\par \'93Er \emdash  I need to be at King\rquote s Cross tomorrow to \emdash  to go to Hogwarts.\'94
\par Uncle Vernon grunted again.
\par \'93Would it be all right if you gave me a lift?\'94
\par Grunt. Harry supposed that meant yes.
\par \'93Thank you.\'94
\par He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually spoke.
\par \'93Funny way to get to a wizards\rquote  school, the train. Magic carpets all got punctures, have they?\'94
\par Harry didn\rquote t say anything.
\par \'93Where is this school, anyway?\'94
\par \'93I don\rquote t know,\'94 said Harry, realizing this for the first time. He pulled the ticket Hagrid had given him out of his pocket.
\par \'93I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarters at eleven o\rquote clock,\'94 he read.
\par His aunt and uncle stared.
\par \'93Platform what?\'94
\par \'93Nine and three-quarters.\'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t talk rubbish,\'94 said Uncle Vernon. \'93There is no platform nine and three-quarters.\'94
\par \'93Its on my ticket.\'94
\par \'93Barking,\'94 said Uncle Vernon, \'93howling mad, the lot of them. You\rquote ll see. You just wait. All right, we\rquote ll take you to King\rquote s Cross. We\rquote re going up to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} tomorrow anyway, or I wouldn\rquote t bother.\'94
\par \'93Why are you going to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}?\'94 Harry asked, trying to keep things friendly.
\par \'93Taking {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} to the hospital,\'94 growled Uncle Vernon. \'93Got to have that ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings.\'94
\par 
\par Harry woke at five o\rquote clock the next morning and was too excited and nervous to go back to sleep. He got up and pulled on his jeans because he didn\rquote t want to walk into the station in his wizard\rquote s robes \emdash  he\rquote 
d change on the train. He checked his Hogwarts list yet again to make sure he had everything he needed, saw that Hedwig was shut safely in her cage, and then paced the room, waiting for the Dursleys to get up. Two hours later, Harry\rquote 
s huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the Dursleys\rquote  car, Aunt Petunia had talked {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} into sitting next to Harry, and they had set off.
\par They reached King\rquote s Cross at half past ten. Uncle Vernon dumped Harry\rquote s trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the station for him. Harry thought this was strangely kind until Uncle {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}Vernon{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} stopped dead, facing the platforms with a nasty grin on his face.
\par \'93Well, there you are, boy. Platform nine \emdash  platform ten. Your platform should be somewhere in the middle, but they don\rquote t seem to have built it yet, do they?\'94
\par He was quite right, of course. There was a big plastic number nine over one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one next to it, and in the middle, nothing at all.
\par \'93Have a good term,\'94 said Uncle Vernon with an even nastier smile. He left without another word. Harry turned and saw the Dursleys drive away. All three of them were laughing. Harry\rquote s mouth went rather dry. What on e
arth was he going to do? He was starting to attract a lot of funny looks, because of Hedwig. He\rquote d have to ask someone.
\par He stopped a passing guard, but didn\rquote t dare mention platform nine and three-quarters. The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Harry couldn\rquote 
t even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to get annoyed, as though Harry was being stu\-pid on purpose. Getting desperate, Harry asked for the train that left at eleven o\rquote clock, but the guard said there wasn\rquote 
t one. In the end the guard strode away, muttering about time wasters. Harry was now trying hard not to panic. According to the large clock over the arrivals board, he had ten minutes left to get on the train to Hog\-
warts and he had no idea how to do it; he was stranded in the mid\-dle of a station with a trunk he could hardly lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl.
\par Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley. He wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket inspector\rquote 
s stand between platforms nine and ten.
\par At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a few words of what they were saying.
\par \'93\emdash  packed with Muggles, of course \emdash \'94
\par Harry swung round. The speaker was a plump woman who was talking to four boys, all with flaming red hair. Each of them was pushing a trunk like Harry\rquote s in front of him \emdash  and they had an }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 owl}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 
\par Heart hammering, Harry pushed his cart after them. They stopped and so did he, just near enough to hear what they were say\-ing.
\par \'93Now, what\rquote s the platform number?\'94 said the boys\rquote  mother.
\par \'93Nine and three-quarters!\'94 piped a small girl, also red-headed, who was holding her hand, \'93Mom, can\rquote t I go }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 \'94
\par \'93You\rquote re not old enough, Ginny, now be quiet. All right, Percy, you go first.\'94
\par What looked like the oldest boy marched toward platforms nine and ten. Harry watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it \emdash  but just as the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, 
a large crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.
\par \'93Fred, you next,\'94 the plump woman said.
\par \'93I\rquote m not Fred, I\rquote m George,\'94 said the boy. \'93Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother? Can\rquote t you }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 tell}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  I\rquote m George?\'94
\par \'93Sorry, George, dear.\'94
\par \'93Only joking, I am Fred,\'94 said the boy, and off he went. His twin called after him to hurry up, and he must have done so, be\-cause a second later, he had gone \emdash  but how had he done it?
\par Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier \emdash  he was almost there \emdash  and then, quite suddenly, he wasn\rquote t any\-where.
\par There was nothing else for it.
\par \'93Excuse me,\'94 Harry said to the plump woman.
\par \'93Hello, dear,\'94 she said. \'93First time at Hogwarts? Ron\rquote s new, too.\'94
\par She pointed at the last and youngest of her sons. He was tall, thin, and gangling, with freckles, big hands and feet, and a long nose.
\par \'93Yes,\'94 said Harry. \'93The thing is \emdash  the thing is, I don\rquote t know how to \emdash \'94
\par \'93How to get onto the platform?\'94 she said kindly, and Harry nodded.
\par \'93Not to worry,\'94 she said. \'93All you have to do is walk straight at the barrier between platforms nine and ten. Don\rquote t stop and don\rquote t be scared you\rquote ll crash into it, that\rquote 
s very important. Best do it at a bit of a run if you\rquote re nervous. Go on, go now before Ron.\'94
\par \'93Er \emdash  okay,\'94 said Harry.
\par He pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier. It looked very solid.
\par He started to walk toward it. People jostled him on their way to platforms nine and ten. Harry walked more quickly. He was going to smash right into that barrier and then he\rquote d be in trouble \emdash  lean\-
ing forward on his cart, he broke into a heavy run \emdash  the barrier was coming nearer and nearer \emdash  he wouldn\rquote t be able to stop \emdash  the cart was out of control \emdash  he was a foot away \emdash  he closed 
his eyes ready for the crash \emdash 
\par It didn\rquote t come }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  he kept on running }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  he opened his eyes.
\par A scarlet steam engine was waiting next to a platform packed with people. A sign overhead said Hogwarts Express, eleven o\rquote clock. Harry looked behind him and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the words }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 Platform Nine and Three-Quarters}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  on it. He had done it.
\par Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd, while cats of every color wound here and there between their legs. Owls hooted to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and the scraping of heavy trunks.
\par The first few carriages were already packed with students, some hanging out of the window to talk to their families, some fighting over seats. Ha
rry pushed his cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat. He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, \'93Gran, I\rquote ve lost my toad again.\'94
\par \'93Oh, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 Neville}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 he heard the old woman sigh.
\par A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.
\par \'93Give us a look, Lee, go on.\'94
\par The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.
\par Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train
. He put Hedwig inside first and then started to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door. He tried to lift it up the steps but could hardly raise one end and twice he dropped it painfully on his foot.
\par \'93Want a hand?\'94 It was one of the red-haired twins he\rquote d followed through the barrier.
\par \'93Yes, please,\'94 Harry panted.
\par \'93Oy, Fred! C\rquote mere and help!\'94
\par With the twins\rquote  help, Harry\rquote s trunk was at last tucked away in a corner of the compartment.
\par \'93Thanks,\'94 said Harry, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.
\par \'93What\rquote s that?\'94 said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Harry\rquote s lightning scar.
\par \'93Blimey,\'94 said the other twin. \'93Are you \emdash  ?\'94
\par \'93He }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 is,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 said the first twin. \'93Aren\rquote t you?\'94 he added to Harry.
\par \'93What?\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 Harry Potter}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 \'94 chorused the twins.
\par \'93Oh, him,\'94 said Harry. \'93I mean, yes, I am.\'94
\par The two boys gawked at him, and Harry felt himself turning red. Then, to his relief, a voice came floating in through the train\rquote s open door.
\par \'93Fred? George? Are you there?\'94
\par \'93Coming, Mom.\'94
\par With a last look at Harry, the twins hopped off the train.
\par Harry sat down next to the window where, half hidden, he could watch the red-haired family on the platform and hear what they were saying. Their mother had just taken out her handker\-chief.
\par \'93Ron, you\rquote ve got something on your nose.\'94
\par The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but she grabbed him and began rubbing the end of his nose.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 Mom}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  \emdash  geroff.\'94 He wriggled free.
\par \'93Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?\'94 said one of the twins.
\par \'93Shut up,\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93Where\rquote s Percy?\'94 said their mother.
\par \'93He\rquote s coming now.\'94
\par The oldest boy came striding into sight. He had already changed into his billowing black Hogwarts robes, and Harry noticed a shiny red and gold badge on his chest with the letter }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 P}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  on it.
\par \'93Can\rquote t stay long, Mother,\'94 he said. \'93I\rquote m up front, the prefects have got two compartments to themselves \emdash \'94
\par \'93Oh, are you a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 prefect}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  Percy?\'94 said one of the twins, with an air of great surprise. \'93You should have said something, we had no idea.\'94
\par \'93Hang on, I think I remember him saying something about it,\'94 said the other twin. \'93Once \emdash \'94
\par \'93Or twice \emdash \'94
\par \'93A minute \emdash \'94
\par \'93All summer \emdash \'94
\par \'93Oh, shut up,\'94 said Percy the Prefect.
\par \'93How come Percy gets new robes, anyway?\'94 said one of the twins.
\par \'93Because he\rquote s a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 prefect}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 said their mother fondly. \'93All right, dear, well, have a good term \emdash  send me an owl when you get there.\'94
\par She kissed Percy on the cheek and he left. Then she turned to the twins.
\par \'93Now, you two \emdash  this year, you behave yourselves. If I get one more owl telling me you\rquote ve \emdash  you\rquote ve blown up a toilet or \emdash \'94
\par \'93Blown up a toilet? We\rquote ve never blown up a toilet.\'94
\par \'93Great idea though, thanks, Mom.\'94
\par \'93It\rquote s }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 not funny. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 And look after Ron.\'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us.\'94
\par \'93Shut up,\'94 said Ron again. He was almost as tall as the twins al\-ready and his nose was still pink where his mother had rubbed it.
\par \'93Hey, Mom, guess what? Guess who we just met on the train?\'94
\par Harry leaned back quickly so they couldn\rquote t see him looking.
\par \'93You know that black-haired boy who was near us in the station? Know who he is?\'94
\par \'93Who?\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 Harry Potter}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 !\'94
\par Harry heard the little girl\rquote s voice.
\par \'93Oh, Mom, can I go on the train and see him, Mom, oh please}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 \'94
\par \'93You\rquote ve already seen him, Ginny, and the poor boy isn\rquote t some\-thing you goggle at in a zoo. Is he really, Fred? How do you know?\'94
\par \'93Asked him. Saw his scar. It\rquote s really there \emdash  like lightning.\'94
\par \'93Poor }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 dear}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  \emdash 
 no wonder he was alone, I wondered. He was ever so polite when he asked how to get onto the platform.\'94
\par \'93Never mind that, do you think he remembers what You-Know-Who looks like?\'94
\par Their mother suddenly became very stern.
\par \'93I forbid you to ask him, Fred. No, don\rquote t you dare. As though he needs reminding of that on his first day at school.\'94
\par \'93All right, keep your hair on.\'94
\par A whistle sounded.
\par \'93Hurry up!\'94 their mother said, and the three boys clambered onto the train. They leaned out of the window for her to kiss them good-bye, and their younger sister began to cry.
\par \'93Don\rquote t, Ginny, we\rquote ll send you loads of owls.\'94
\par \'93We\rquote ll send you a Hogwarts toilet seat.\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 George}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 !\'94
\par \'93Only joking, Mom.\'94
\par The train began to move. Harry saw the boys\rquote  mother waving and their sister, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train until it gathered too much speed, then she fell back and waved.
\par Harry watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the corner. Houses flashed past the window. Harry felt a great leap of excitement. He didn\rquote t know what he was going to \emdash 
 but it had to be better than what he was leaving behind.
\par The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest red\-headed boy came in.
\par \'93Anyone sitting there?\'94 he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Harry. \'93Everywhere else is full.\'94
\par Harry shook his head and the boy sat down. He glanced at Harry and then looked quickly out of the window, pretending he hadn\rquote t looked. Harry saw he still had a black mark on his nose.
\par \'93Hey, Ron.\'94
\par The twins were back.
\par \'93Listen, we\rquote re going down the middle of the train \emdash  Lee Jor\-dan\rquote s got a giant tarantula down there.\'94
\par \'93Right,\'94 mumbled Ron.
\par \'93Harry,\'94 said the other twin, \'93did we introduce ourselves? Fred and George Weasley. And this is Ron, our brother. See you later, then.\'94
\par \'93Bye,\'94 said Harry and Ron. The twins slid the compartment door shut behind them.
\par \'93Are you really Harry Potter?\'94 Ron blurted out.
\par Harry nodded.
\par \'93Oh \emdash  well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George\rquote s jokes,\'94 said Ron. \'93And have you really got \emdash  you know }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 \'94
\par He pointed at Harry\rquote s forehead.
\par Harry pulled back his bangs to show the lightning scar. Ron stared.
\par \'93So that\rquote s where You-Know-Who \emdash  ?\'94
\par \'93Yes,\'94 said Harry, \'93but I can\rquote t remember it.\'94
\par \'93Nothing?\'94 said Ron eagerly.
\par \'93Well \emdash  I remember a lot of green light, but nothing else.\'94
\par \'93Wow,\'94 said Ron. He sat and stared at Harry for a few moments, then, as though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quickly out of the window again.
\par \'93Are all your family wizards?\'94 asked Harry, who found Ron just as interesting as Ron found him.
\par \'93Er \emdash  yes, I think so,\'94 said Ron. \'93I think Mom\rquote s got a second cousin who\rquote s an accountant, but we never talk about him.\'94
\par \'93So you must know loads of magic already.\'94
\par The Weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding families the pale boy in Diagon Alley had talked about.
\par \'93I heard you went to live with Muggles,\'94 said Ron. \'93What are they like?\'94
\par \'93Horrible \emdash  well, not all of them. My aunt and uncle and cousin are, though. Wish I\rquote d had three wizard brothers.\'94
\par \'93Five,\'94 said Ron. For some reason, he was looking gloomy. \'93I\rquote m the sixth in our family to go to Hogwarts. You could say I\rquote ve got a lot to live up to. Bill and Charlie have already left \emdash  Bill was head boy and Charlie was cap
tain of Quidditch. Now Percy\rquote s a prefect. Fred and George mess around a lot, but they still get really good marks and everyone thinks they\rquote re really funny. Everyone expects me to do as well as the others, but if I do, it\rquote 
s no big deal, because they did it first. You never get anything new, either, with five broth\-ers. I\rquote ve got Bill\rquote s old robes, Charlie\rquote s old wand, and Percy\rquote s old rat.\'94
\par Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was asleep.
\par \'93His name\rquote s Scabbers and he\rquote s useless, he hardly ever wakes up. Percy got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect, but they couldn\rquote t aff\emdash  I mean, I got Scabbers instead.\'94
\par Ron\rquote s ears went pink. He seemed to think he\rquote d said too much, because he went back to staring out of the window.
\par Harry didn\rquote t think there was anything wrong with not being able to afford an owl. After all, he\rquote d never had any money in his life until a month ago, and he told Ron so, all about having to wear {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley
{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s old clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. This seemed to cheer Ron up.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  and until Hagrid told me, I didn\rquote t know anything about be\-
ing a wizard or about my parents or Voldemort \emdash \'94
\par Ron gasped.
\par \'93What?\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 You said You-Know-Who\rquote s name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 !\'94
 said Ron, sounding both shocked and impressed. \'93I\rquote d have thought you, of all people \emdash \'94
\par \'93I\rquote m not trying to be }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 brave}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 
 or anything, saying the name,\'94 said Harry, \'93I just never knew you shouldn\rquote t. See what I mean? I\rquote ve got loads to learn}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  I bet,\'94 he added, voicing for the first time some\-thing that had been worrying him a lot lately, \'93I bet I\rquote m the worst in the class.\'94
\par \'93You won\rquote t be. There\rquote s loads of people who come from Muggle families and they learn quick enough.\'94
\par While they had been talking, the train had carried them out of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}. Now they were speeding past fiel
ds full of cows and sheep. They were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.
\par Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, \'93Anything off the cart, dears?\'94
\par Harry, who hadn\rquote t had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron\rquote s ears went pink again and he muttered that he\rquote d brought sand\-wiches. Harry went out into the corridor.
\par He had never had any money for candy with the Dursleys, and now that he had pockets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many Mars Bars as he could carry \emdash  but the woman didn\rquote 
t have Mars Bars. What she did have were Bertie Bott\rquote s Every Flavor Beans, Drooble\rquote s Best Blowing Gum, Chocolate Frogs, Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldr
on Cakes, Licorice Wands, and a number of other strange things Harry had never seen in his life. Not want\-ing to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.
\par Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.
\par \'93Hungry, are you?\'94
\par \'93Starving,\'94 said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.
\par Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it. There were four sandwiches inside. He pulled one of them apart and said, \'93She always forgets I don\rquote t like corned beef.\'94
\par \'93Swap you for one of these,\'94 said Harry, holding up a pasty. \'93Go on \emdash \'94
\par \'93You don\rquote t want this, its all dry,\'94 said Ron. \'93She hasn\rquote t got much time,\'94 he added quickly, \'93you know, with five of us.\'94
\par \'93Go on, have a pasty,\'94 said Harry, who had never had any\-thing to share before or, indeed, anyone to share it with. It was a nice feeling, sitting there with Ron, eating their way through all Harry\rquote 
s pasties, cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay for\-gotten).
\par \'93What are these?\'94 Harry asked Ron, holding up a pack of Chocolate Frogs. \'93They\rquote re not }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 really}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  frogs, are they?\'94 He was start\-ing to feel that nothing would surprise him.
\par \'93No,\'94 said Ron. \'93But see what the card is. I\rquote m missing Agrippa.\'94
\par \'93What?\'94
\par \'93Oh, of course, you wouldn\rquote t know \emdash  Chocolate Frogs have cards inside them, you know, to collect \emdash  famous witches and wizards. I\rquote ve got about five hundred, but I haven\rquote t got Agrippa or Ptolemy.\'94
\par Harry unwrapped his Chocolate Frog and picked up the card. It showed a man\rquote s face. He wore half-moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache. Under\-neath the picture was the name Albus Dumbledore.
\par \'93So }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 this}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  is Dumbledore!\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93Don\rquote t tell me you\rquote d never heard of Dumbledore!\'94 said Ron. \'93Can I have a frog? I might get Agrippa \emdash  thanks \emdash \'94
\par Harry turned over his card and read:
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12475629 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 ALBUS DUMBLEDORE
\par CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12475629 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of th
e Dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon\rquote s blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel. Professor Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.
\par 
\par Harry turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that Dumbledore\rquote s face had disappeared.
\par \'93He\rquote s gone!\'94
\par \'93Well, you can\rquote t expect him to hang around all day,\'94 said Ron. \'93He\rquote ll be back. No, I\rquote ve got Morgana again and I\rquote ve got about six of her }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 
\'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  do you want it? You can start collecting.\'94
\par Ron\rquote s eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be unwrapped.
\par \'93Help yourself,\'94 said Harry. \'93But in, you know, the Muggle world, people just stay put in photos.\'94
\par \'93Do they? What, they don\rquote t move at all?\'94 Ron sounded amazed. \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 Weird}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 !\'94
\par Harry stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and gave him a small smile. Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Harry couldn\rquote 
t keep his eyes off them. Soon he had not only Dumbledore
 and Morgana, but Hengist of Woodcraft, Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin. He finally tore his eyes away from the druidess Cliodna, who was scratching her nose, to open a bag of Bertie Bott\rquote s Every Flavor Beans.
\par \'93You want to be careful with those,\'94 Ron warned Harry. \'93When they say every flavor, they }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 mean}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  every flavor \emdash 
 you know, you get all the ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and marmalade, but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe. George reckons he had a booger-flavored one once.\'94
\par Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, and bit into a corner.
\par \'93Bleaaargh \emdash  see? Sprouts.\'94
\par They had a good time eating the Every Flavor Beans. Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn\rquote t touch, which turned out to be pepper.

\par The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder. The neat fields had gone. Now there were woods, twisting rivers, and dark green hills.
\par There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced boy Harry had passed on platform nine and three-quarters came in. He looked tearful.
\par \'93Sorry,\'94 he said, \'93but have you seen a toad at all?\'94
\par When they shook their heads, he wailed, \'93I\rquote ve lost him! He keeps getting away from me!\'94
\par \'93He\rquote ll turn up,\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93Yes,\'94 said the boy miserably. \'93Well, if you see him }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 \'94
\par He left.
\par \'93Don\rquote t know why he\rquote s so bothered,\'94 said Ron. \'93If I\rquote d brought a toad I\rquote d lose it as quick as I could. Mind you, I brought Scabbers, so I can\rquote t talk.\'94
\par The rat was still snoozing on Ron\rquote s lap.
\par \'93He might have died and you wouldn\rquote t know the difference,\'94 said Ron in disgust. \'93I tried to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more interesting, but the spell didn\rquote t work. I\rquote ll show you, look }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 \'94
\par He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a very battered-looking wand. It was chipped in places and something white was glinting at the end.
\par \'93Unicorn hair\rquote s nearly poking out. Anyway \emdash \'94
\par He had just raised his wand when the compartment door slid open again. The toadless boy was back, but this time he had a girl with him. She was already wearing her new Hogwarts robes.
\par \'93Has anyone seen a toad? Neville\rquote s lost one,\'94 she said. She had a bossy sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large front teeth.
\par \'93We\rquote ve already told him we haven\rquote t seen it,\'94 said Ron, but the girl wasn\rquote t listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand.
\par \'93Oh, are you doing magic? Let\rquote s see it, then.\'94
\par She sat down. Ron looked taken aback.
\par \'93Er \emdash  all right.\'94
\par He cleared his throat.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow,
\par Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 \'94
\par 
\par He waved his wand, but nothing happened. Scabbers stayed gray and fast asleep.
\par \'93Are you sure that\rquote s a real spell?\'94 said the girl. \'93Well, it\rquote s not very good, is it? I\rquote ve tried a few simple spells just for practice and it\rquote s all worked for me. Nobody in my family\rquote 
s magic at all, it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I mean, it\rquote s the very best school of witchcraft there is, I\rquote ve heard \emdash  I\rquote 
ve learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it will be enough \emdash  I\rquote m Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you?\'94
\par She said all this very fast.
\par Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he hadn\rquote t learned all the course books by heart either.
\par \'93I\rquote m Ron Weasley,\'94 Ron muttered.
\par \'93Harry Potter,\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93Are you really?\'94 said Hermione. \'93I know all about you, of course \emdash  I got a few extra books for background reading, and you\rquote re in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 
Modern Magical History}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  and }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 
The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  and }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 
Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 \'94
\par \'93Am I?\'94 said Harry, feeling dazed.
\par \'93Goodness, didn\rquote t you know, I\rquote d have found out everything I could if it was me,\'94 said Hermione. \'93Do either of you know what House you\rquote ll be in? I\rquote ve been asking around, and I hope I\rquote 
m in Gryffindor, it sounds by far the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldn\rquote t be too bad}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  Any\-way, we\rquote d better go and look for Neville\rquote s toad. You two had better change, you know, I expect we\rquote ll be there soon.\'94
\par And she left, taking the toadless boy with her.
\par \'93Whatever House I\rquote m in, I hope she\rquote s not in it,\'94 said Ron. He threw his wand back into his trunk. \'93Stupid spell \emdash  George gave it to me, bet he knew it was a dud.\'94
\par \'93What House are your brothers in?\'94 asked Harry.
\par \'93Gryffindor,\'94 said Ron. Gloom seemed to be settling on him again. \'93Mom and Dad were in it, too. I don\rquote t know what they\rquote ll say if I\rquote m not. I don\rquote t suppose Ravenclaw }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 would}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  be too bad, but imag\-ine if they put me in Slytherin.\'94
\par \'93That\rquote s the House Vol-, I mean, You-Know-Who was in?\'94
\par \'93Yeah,\'94 said Ron. He flopped back into his seat, looking de\-pressed.
\par \'93You know, I think the ends of Scabbers\rquote  whiskers are a bit lighter,\'94 said Harry, trying to take Ron\rquote s mind off Houses. \'93So what do your oldest brothers do now that they\rquote ve left, anyway?\'94
\par Harry was wondering what a wizard did once he\rquote d finished school.
\par \'93Charlie\rquote s in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}Romania{\*\xmlclose} studying dragons, and Bill\rquote s in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Africa{\*\xmlclose} do\-ing something for Gringotts,\'94 said Ron. \'93D
id you hear about Gringotts? Its been all over the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 Daily Prophet}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  but I don\rquote t suppose you get that with the Muggles \emdash 
 someone tried to rob a high se\-curity vault.\'94
\par Harry stared.
\par \'93Really? What happened to them?\'94
\par \'93Nothing, that\rquote s why it\rquote s such big news. They haven\rquote t been caught. My dad says it must\rquote ve been a powerful Dark wizard to get round Gringotts, but they don\rquote t think they took anything, that\rquote s what\rquote s odd. 
\rquote Course, everyone gets scared when something like this happens in case You-Know-Who\rquote s behind it.\'94
\par Harry turned this news over in his mind. He was starting to get a prickle of fear every time You-Know-Who was mentioned. He supposed this was all part of entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more comfortable saying \'93Voldemort\'94
 without worrying.
\par \'93What\rquote s your Quidditch team?\'94 Ron asked.
\par \'93Er \emdash  I don\rquote t know any,\'94 Harry confessed.
\par \'93What!\'94 Ron looked dumbfounded. \'93Oh, you wait, it\rquote s the best game in the world \emdash \'94 And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the positions of the seven players, describing famous games he\rquote 
d been to with his brothers and the broomstick he\rquote d like to get if he had the money. He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn\rquote t Neville the toadles
s boy, or Hermione Granger this time.
\par Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once: It was the pale boy from Madam Malkin\rquote s robe shop. He was looking at Harry with a lot more interest than he\rquote d shown back in Diagon Alley.
\par \'93Is it true?\'94 he said. \'93They\rquote re saying all down the train that Harry Potter\rquote s in this compartment. So it\rquote s you, is it?\'94
\par \'93Yes,\'94 said Harry. He was looking at the other boys. Both of them were thickset and looked extremely mean. Standing on either side of the pale boy, they looked like bodyguards.
\par \'93Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle,\'94 said the pale boy care\-lessly, noticing where Harry was looking. \'93And my names Malfoy, Draco Malfoy.\'94
\par Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snig\-ger. Draco Malfoy looked at him.
\par \'93Think my name\rquote s funny, do you? No need to ask who you are. My father told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freckles, and more children than they can afford.\'94
\par He turned back to Harry. \'93You\rquote ll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, Potter. You don\rquote t want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there.\'94
\par He held out his hand to shake Harry\rquote s, but Harry didn\rquote t take it.
\par \'93I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks,\'94 he said coolly.
\par Draco Malfoy didn\rquote t go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale cheeks.
\par \'93I\rquote d be careful if I were you, Potter,\'94 he said slowly. \'93Unless you\rquote re a bit politer you\rquote ll go the same way as your parents. They didn\rquote t know what was good for them, either. You hang around with
 riffraff like the Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it\rquote ll rub off on you.\'94
\par Both Harry and Ron stood up.
\par \'93Say that again,\'94 Ron said, his face as red as his hair.
\par \'93Oh, you\rquote re going to fight us, are you?\'94 Malfoy sneered.
\par \'93Unless you get out now,\'94 said Harry, more bravely than he felt, because Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.
\par \'93But we don\rquote t feel like leaving, do we, boys? We\rquote ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.\'94
\par Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron \emdash  Ron leapt forward, but before he\rquote d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.
\par Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle\rquote s knuckle \emdash  Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scab\-
bers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disap\-peared at once. Perhaps they thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they\rquote d heard footsteps, because a sec\-ond later, Hermione Granger had come in.
\par \'93What }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629 has}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12475629\charrsid12475629  been going on?\'94
 she said, looking at the sweets all over the floor and Ron picking up Scabbers by his tail.
\par \'93I think he\rquote s been knocked out,\'94 Ron said to Harry. He looked closer at Scabbers. \'93No \emdash  I don\rquote t believe it \emdash  he\rquote s gone back to sleep.\'94
\par And so he had.
\par \'93You\rquote ve met Malfoy before?\'94
\par Harry explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley.
\par \'93I\rquote ve heard of his family,\'94 said Ron darkly. \'93They were some of the first to come back to our side after You-Know-Who disap\-peared. Said they\rquote d been bewitched. My dad doesn\rquote t believe it. He says Malfoy\rquote s father didn
\rquote t need an excuse to go over to the Dark Side.\'94 He turned to Hermione. \'93Can we help you with some\-thing?\'94
\par \'93You\rquote d better hurry up and put your robes on, I\rquote ve just been up to the front to ask the conductor, and he says we\rquote re nearly there. You haven\rquote t been fighting, have you? You\rquote ll be in trouble before we even get there!
\'94
\par \'93Scabbers has been fighting, not us,\'94 said Ron, scowling at her. \'93Would you mind leaving while we change?\'94
\par \'93All right \emdash  I only came in here because people outside are be\-having very childishly, racing up and down the corridors,\'94 said Hermione in a sniffy voice. \'93And you\rquote ve got dirt on your nose, by the way, did you know?\'94
\par Ron glared at her as she left. Harry peered out of the window. It was getting dark. He could see mountains and forests under a deep purple sky. The train did seem to be slowing down.
\par He and Ron took off their jackets and pulled on their long black robes. Ron\rquote s were a bit short for him, you could see his sneakers un\-derneath them.
\par A voice echoed through the train: \'93We will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutes\rquote  time. Please leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken to the school separately.\'94
\par Harry\rquote s stomach lurched with nerves and Ron, he saw, looked pale under his freckles. They crammed their pockets with the last of the sweets and joined the crowd thronging the corridor.
\par The train slowed right down and finally stopped. People pushed their way toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform. Harry shivered in the cold night air. Then a lamp came bobbing over the heads of the students, and Harry heard a familiar voice: 
\'93Firs\rquote  years! Firs\rquote  years over here! All right there, Harry?\'94
\par Hagrid\rquote s big hairy face beamed over the sea of heads.
\par \'93C\rquote mon, follow me \emdash  any more firs\rquote  years? Mind yer step, now! Firs\rquote  years follow me!\'94
\par Slipping and stumbling, they followed Hagrid down what seemed to be a steep, narrow path. It was so dark on either side of them that Harry thought there must be thick trees there. Nobody spoke much. Neville
, the boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once or twice.
\par \'93Yeh\rquote ll get yer firs\rquote  sight o\rquote  Hogwarts in a sec,\'94 Hagrid called over his shoulder, \'93jus\rquote  round this bend here.\'94
\par There was a loud \'93Oooooh!\'94
\par The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great black lake. Perched atop a high mountain on the other side, its windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers.
\par \'93No more\rquote n four to a boat!\'94 Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore. Harry and Ron were followed into their boat by Neville and Hermione.
\par \'93Everyone in?\'94 shouted Hagrid, who had a boat to himself. \'93Right then \emdash  FORWARD!\'94
\par And the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, gliding across the lake, which was as smooth as glass. Everyone was silent, staring up at the great castle overhead. It towered over them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.

\par \'93Heads down!\'94 yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they all bent their heads an
d the little boats carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. They were carried along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where t
hey clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.
\par \'93Oy, you there! Is this your toad?\'94 said Hagrid, who was check\-ing the boats as people climbed out of them.
\par \'93Trevor!\'94 cried Neville blissfully, holding out his hands. Then they clambered up a passageway in the rock after Hagrid\rquote s lamp, coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.
\par They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, oak front door.
\par \'93Everyone here? You there, still got yer toad?\'94
\par Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the cas\-tle door.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 7
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 The Sorting Hat
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16740996 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 T}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 he door swung open at once. A tall, black-haired witch in emerald-green robes stood there. She had a very stern face and Harry\rquote s first thought was that this was not someone to cross.}
{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 \'93The firs\rquote  years, Professor McGonagall,\'94 said Hagrid.
\par \'93Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here.\'94
\par She pulled the door wide. The entrance hall was so big you could have fit the whole of the Dursleys\rquote  house in it. The stone walls were lit with fl
aming torches like the ones at Gringotts, the ceiling was too high to make out, and a magnificent marble stair\-case facing them led to the upper floors.
\par They followed Professor McGonagall across the flagged stone floor. Harry could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right \emdash  the rest of the school must already be here \emdash 
 but Professor McGonagall showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall. They crowded in, standing rather closer together than they would usually have done, peering about nervously.
\par \'93Welcome to Hogwarts,\'94 said Professor McGonagall. \'93The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your Houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony
 because, while you are here, your House will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your House, sleep in your House dormitory, and spend free time in your House common room.
\par \'93The four Houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each House has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hog\-
warts, your triumphs will earn your House points, while any rule-breaking will lose House points. A
t the end of the year, the House with the most points is awarded the House cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever House becomes yours.
\par \'93The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting.\'94
\par Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville\rquote s cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on Ron\rquote s smudged nose. Harry ner\-vously tried to flatten his hair.
\par \'93I shall return when we are ready for you,\'94 said Professor Mc\-Gonagall. \'93Please wait quietly.\'94
\par She left the chamber. Harry swallowed.
\par \'93How exactly do they sort us into Houses?\'94 he asked Ron.
\par \'93Some sort of test, I think. Fred said it hurts a lot, but I think he was joking.\'94
\par Harry\rquote s heart gave a horrible jolt. A test? In front of the whole school? But he didn\rquote t know any magic yet \emdash  what on earth would he have to do? He hadn\rquote 
t expected something like this the moment they arrived. He looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified, too. No one was talking much except Hermione Granger, who was whispering very fast about all the spells she\rquote 
d learned and wondering which one she\rquote d need. Harry tried hard not to listen to her. He\rquote d never been more nervous, never, not even when he\rquote d had to take a school report home to the Dursleys saying that he\rquote 
d somehow turned his teachers wig blue. He kept his eyes fixed on the door. Any second now, Professor McGonagall would come back and lead him to his doom.
\par Then something happened that made him jump about a foot in the air \emdash  several people behind him screamed.
\par \'93What the \emdash  ?\'94
\par He gasped. So did the people around him. About twenty ghosts had just streamed through the back wall. Pearly-white and slightly transparent, they glid
ed across the room talking to one another and hardly glancing at the first years. They seemed to be arguing. What looked like a fat little monk was saying: \'93Forgive and forget, I say, we ought to give him a second chance \emdash \'94
\par \'93My dear Friar, haven\rquote t we given Peeves all the chances he de\-serves? He gives us all a bad name and you know, he\rquote s not really even a ghost \emdash  I say, what are you all doing here?\'94
\par A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly noticed the first years.
\par Nobody answered.
\par \'93New students!\'94 said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them. \'93About to be Sorted, I suppose?\'94
\par A few people nodded mutely.
\par \'93Hope to see you in Hufflepuff!\'94 said the Friar. \'93My old House, you know.\'94
\par \'93Move along now,\'94 said a sharp voice. \'93The Sorting Ceremony\rquote s about to start.\'94
\par Professor McGonagall had returned. One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall.
\par \'93Now, form a line,\'94 Professor McGonagall told the first years, \'93and follow me.\'94
\par Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors into the Great Hall.
\par Harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place. It was lit by thousands and thousands of candles that were floating in midair over four long tables, where the rest of the stu\-
dents were sitting. These tables were laid with glittering golden plates and goblets. At the top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitti
ng. Professor McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them. The hundreds of faces staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the flickering candle\-
light. Dotted here and there among the students, the ghosts shone misty silver. Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Harry looked up\-ward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars. He heard Hermione whisper, \'93It\rquote 
s bewitched to look like the sky outside. I read about it in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 Hogwarts, A History}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 \'94
\par It was hard to believe there was a ceiling there at all, and that the Great Hall didn\rquote t simply open on to the heavens.
\par Harry quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed a four-legged stool in front of the first years. On top of the stool she put a pointed wizard\rquote s hat. This hat was patched and frayed and extremely dirty. Aunt Petunia wouldn
\rquote t have let it in the house.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 ,}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  Harry thought wildly, that seemed the sort of thing \emdash 
 noticing that everyone in the hall was now staring at the hat, he stared at it, too. For a few seconds, there was complete silence. Then the hat twitched. A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth \emdash  and the hat began to sing:
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 Oh, you may not think I\rquote m pretty,
\par But don\rquote t judge on what you see,
\par I\rquote ll eat myself if you can find
\par A smarter hat than me.
\par You can keep your bowlers black,
\par Your top hats sleek and tall,
\par For I\rquote m the Hogwarts Sorting Hat
\par And I can cap them all.
\par There\rquote s nothing hidden in your head
\par The Sorting Hat can\rquote t see,
\par So try me on and I will tell you
\par Where you ought to be.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 You might belong in Gryffindor,
\par Where dwell the brave at heart,
\par Their daring, nerve, and chivalry
\par Set Gryffindors apart;
\par You might belong in Hufflepuff,
\par Where they are just and loyal,
\par Those patient Hufflepuffs are true
\par And unafraid of toil;
\par Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,
\par If you\rquote ve a ready mind,
\par Where those of wit and learning,
\par Will always find their kind;
\par Or perhaps in Slytherin
\par You\rquote ll make your real friends,
\par Those cunning folk use any means
\par To achieve their ends.
\par So put me on! Don\rquote t be afraid}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 !}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 
\par And don\rquote t get in a flap}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 !}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 
\par You\rquote re in safe hands (though I have none)
\par For I\rquote m a Thinking Cap}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 
\par 
\par The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song. It bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again.
\par \'93So we\rquote ve just got to try on the hat!\'94 Ron whispered to Harry. \'93I\rquote ll kill Fred, he was going on about wrestling a troll.\'94
\par Harry smiled weakly. Yes, trying on the hat was a lot better than having to do a spell, but he did wish they could have tried it on without everyone watching. The hat seemed to be asking rather a lot; Harry didn\rquote 
t feel brave or quick-witted or any of it at the mo\-ment. If only the hat had mentioned a House for people who felt a bit queasy, that would have been the one for him.
\par Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment.
\par \'93When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted,\'94 she said. \'93Abbott, Hannah!\'94
\par A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down. A moment\rquote s pause \emdash 
\par \'93HUFFLEPUFF!\'94 shouted the hat.
\par The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table. Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her.
\par \'93Bones, Susan!\'94
\par \'93HUFFLEPUFF!\'94 shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.
\par \'93Boot, Terry!\'94
\par \'93RAVENCLAW!\'94
\par The table second from the left clapped this time; several Raven\-claws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.
\par \'93Brocklehurst, Mandy\'94 went to Ravenclaw too, but \'93Brown, Lavender\'94 became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see Ron\rquote s twin brothers cat\-calling.
\par \'93Bulstrode, Millicent\'94 then became a Slytherin. Perhaps it was Harry\rquote s imagination, after all he\rquote d heard about Slytherin, but he thought they looked like an unpleasant lot.
\par He was starting to feel definitely sick now. He remembered be\-ing picked for teams during gym at his old school. He had always been last to be chosen, not because he was no good, but because no one wanted {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley
{\*\xmlclose} to think they liked him.
\par \'93Finch-Fletchley, Justin!\'94
\par \'93HUFFLEPUFF!\'94
\par Sometimes, Harry noticed, the hat shouted out the House at once, but at others it took a little while to decide. \'93Finnigan, Sea\-mus,\'94
 the sandy-haired boy next to Harry in the line, sat on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.
\par \'93Granger, Hermione!\'94
\par Hermione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.
\par \'93GRYFFINDOR!\'94 shouted the hat. Ron groaned.
\par A horrible thought struck Harry, as horrible thoughts always do when you\rquote re very nervous. What if he wasn\rquote t chosen at all? What if he just sat there with the hat over his eye
s for ages, until Professor McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and he\rquote d better get back on the train?
\par When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called, he fell over on his way to the stool. The hat took a long time to decide with Neville. When it finally shouted, \'93GRYFFINDOR,\'94
 Neville ran off still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it to \'93MacDougal, Morag.\'94
\par Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, \'93SLYTHERIN!\'94
\par Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with himself.
\par There weren\rquote t many people left now.
\par \'93Moon\'94 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  , \'93Nott\'94 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  , \'93Parkinson\'94 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  , then a pair of twin girls, \'93Patil\'94 and \'93Patil\'94 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  , then \'93Perks, Sally-Anne\'94 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  , and then, at last \emdash 
\par \'93Potter, Harry!\'94
\par As Harry stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like lit\-tle hissing fires all over the hall.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 Potter}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  did she say?\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 The}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  Harry Potter?\'94
\par The last thing Harry saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the hall full of people craning to get a good look at him. Next second he was looking at the black inside of the hat. He waited.
\par \'93Hmm,\'94 said a small voice in his ear. \'93Difficult. Very difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. Not a bad mind either. There\rquote s talent, oh my goodness, yes \emdash  and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that\rquote s interesting}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  So where shall I put you?\'94
\par Harry gripped the edges of the stool and thought, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 Not Slytherin, not Slytherin}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 
\par \'93Not Slytherin, eh?\'94 said the small voice. \'93Are you sure? You could be great, you know, its all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that \emdash  no? Well, if you\rquote re sure \emdash 
 better be GRYFFINDOR!\'94
\par Harr
y heard the hat shout the last word to the whole hall. He took off the hat and walked shakily toward the Gryffindor table. He was so relieved to have been chosen and not put in Slytherin, he hardly noticed that he was getting the loudest cheer yet. Percy 
the Prefect got up and shook his hand vigorously, while the Weasley twins yelled, \'93We got Potter! We got Potter!\'94 Harry sat down op\-posite the ghost in the ruff he\rquote 
d seen earlier. The ghost patted his arm, giving Harry the sudden, horrible feeling he\rquote d just plunged it into a bucket of ice-cold water.
\par He could see the High Table properly now. At the end nearest him sat Hagrid, who caught his eye and gave him the thumbs up. Harry grinned back. And there, in the center of the High Table, in a large gold chair, 
sat Albus Dumbledore. Harry recognized him at once from the card he\rquote d gotten out of the Chocolate Frog on the train. Dumbledore\rquote 
s silver hair was the only thing in the whole hall that shone as brightly as the ghosts. Harry spotted Professor Quir\-rell, too, the nervous young man from the Leaky Cauldron. He was looking very peculiar in a large purple turban.
\par And now there were only four people left to be sorted. \'93Thomas, Dean,\'94 a Black boy even taller than Ron, joined Harry at the Gryffindor table. \'93Turpin, Lisa,\'94 became a Ravenclaw and then it was Ron\rquote 
s turn. He was pale green by now. Harry crossed his fin\-gers under the table and a second later the hat had shouted, \'93GRYFFINDOR!\'94
\par Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next to him.
\par \'93Well done, Ron, excellent,\'94 said Percy Weasley pompously across Harry as \'93Zabini, Blaise,\'94 was made a Slytherin. Professor McGonagall rolled up her scroll and took the Sorting Hat away.
\par Harry looked down at his empty gold plate. He had only just realized how hungry he was. The pumpkin pasties seemed ages ago.
\par Albus Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was beaming at the students, his arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased him more than to see them all there.
\par \'93Welcome!\'94 he said. \'93Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Be\-fore we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!
\par \'93Thank you!\'94
\par He sat back down. Everybody clapped and cheered. Harry didn\rquote t know whether to laugh or not.
\par \'93Is he \emdash  a bit mad?\'94 he asked Percy uncertainly.
\par \'93Mad?\'94 said Percy airily. \'93He\rquote s a genius! Best wizard in the world! But he is a bit mad, yes. Potatoes, Harry?\'94
\par Harry\rquote s mouth fell open. The dishes in front of him were now piled with food. He had never seen so many things
 he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.

\par The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he\rquote d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}
 had always taken anything that Harry really wanted, even if it made him sick. Harry piled his plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints and began to eat. It was all delicious.
\par \'93That does look good,\'94 said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching Harry cut up his steak.
\par \'93Can\rquote t you \emdash  ?\'94
\par \'93I haven\rquote t eaten for nearly five hundred years,\'94 said the ghost. \'93I don\rquote t need to, of course, but one does miss it. I don\rquote t think I\rquote ve introduced myself? Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington at your ser\-
vice. Resident ghost of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}Gryffindor{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}Tower{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}.\'94
\par \'93I know who you are!\'94 said Ron suddenly. \'93My brothers told me about you \emdash  you\rquote re Nearly Headless Nick!\'94
\par \'93I would }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 prefer}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy 
\emdash \'94 the ghost began stiffly, but sandy-haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 Nearly}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  Headless? How can you be }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 nearly}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  headless?\'94
\par Sir Nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little chat wasn\rquote t going at all the way he wanted.
\par \'93Like }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 this}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 \'94
 he said irritably. He seized his left ear and pulled. His whole head swung off his neck and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on a hinge. Someone had obviously tried to behead him, but not done it properly. Looking pleased at the stunned loo
ks on their faces, Nearly Headless Nick flipped his head back onto his neck, coughed, and said, \'93So \emdash  new Gryffindors! I hope you\rquote 
re going to help us win the House Championship this year? Gryffindors have never gone so long without winning. Slytherins have got the cup six years in a row! The Bloody Baron\rquote s becoming almost unbear\-able \emdash  he\rquote s the Slytherin ghost.
\'94
\par Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained with silver blood. He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to see, didn\rquote 
t look too pleased with the seating arrangements.
\par \'93How did he get covered in blood?\'94 asked Seamus with great in\-terest.
\par \'93I\rquote ve never asked,\'94 said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.
\par When
 everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before. A moment later the desserts appeared. Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, choc
olate \'e9clairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pud\-ding }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 
\par As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families.
\par \'93I\rquote m half-and-half,\'94 said Seamus. \'93Me dad\rquote s a Muggle. Mom didn\rquote t tell him she was a witch \rquote til after they were married. Bit of a nasty shock for him.\'94
\par The others laughed.
\par \'93What about you, Neville?\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93Well, my gran brought me up and she\rquote s a witch,\'94 said Neville, \'93but the family thought I was all-Muggle for ages. My Great Uncle Algie kept trying to catch me off my guard and force some magic out of me \emdash 
 he pushed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly drowned \emdash  but nothing happened until I was eight. Great Uncle Algie came round for dinner, and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles when my Great Auntie Enid of\-
fered him a meringue and he accidentally let go. But I bounced \emdash  all the way down the garden and into the road. They were all really pleased, Gran was crying, she was so happy. And you should have seen their faces when I got in here \emdash 
 they thought I might not be magic enough to come, you see. Great Uncle Algie was so pleased he bought me my toad.\'94
\par On Harry\rquote s other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talk\-ing about lessons (\'93I }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 do}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  hope they start right away, there\rquote s so much to learn, I\rquote m particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something into something else, of course, it\rquote 
s supposed to be very difficult \emdash \'94; \'93You\rquote ll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of thing \emdash \'94).
\par Harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at the High Table again. Hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet. Professor McGonagall was talking to Professor Dumbledore. Pro\-
fessor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.
\par It happened very suddenly. The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell\rquote s turban straight into Harry\rquote s eyes \emdash  and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on Harry\rquote s forehead.
\par \'93Ouch!\'94 Harry clapped a hand to his head.
\par \'93What is it?\'94 asked Percy.
\par \'93N-nothing.\'94
\par The pain had gone as quickly as it had come. Harder to shake off was the feeling Harry had gotten from the teachers look \emdash  a feel\-ing that he didn\rquote t like Harry at all.
\par \'93Who\rquote s that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?\'94 he asked Percy.
\par \'93Oh, you know Quirrell already, do you? No wonder he\rquote s look\-ing so nervous, that\rquote s Professor Snape. He teaches Potions, but he doesn\rquote t want to \emdash  everyone knows he\rquote s after Quirrell\rquote 
s job. Knows an awful lot about the Dark Arts, Snape.\'94
\par Harry watched Snape for a while, but Snape didn\rquote t look at him again.
\par At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to his feet again. The hall fell silent.
\par \'93Ahem \emdash  just a few more words now that we are all fed and wa\-tered. I have a few start-of-term notices to give you.
\par \'93First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbid\-den to all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well.\'94
\par Dumbledore\rquote s twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley twins.
\par \'93I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corri\-dors.
\par \'93Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Anyone interested in playing for their House teams should contact Madam Hooch.
\par \'93And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corri\-dor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death.\'94
\par Harry laughed, but he was one of the few who did.
\par \'93He\rquote s not serious?\'94 he muttered to Percy.
\par \'93Must be,\'94 said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore. \'93It\rquote s odd, because he usually gives us a reason why we\rquote re not allowed to go somewhere \emdash  the forest\rquote s full of dangerous beasts, everyone knows that. I do think 
he might have told us prefects, at least.\'94
\par \'93And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!\'94 cried Dumbledore. Harry noticed that the other teachers\rquote  smiles had become rather fixed.
\par Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.
\par \'93Everyone pick their favorite tune,\'94 said Dumbledore, \'93and off we go!\'94
\par And the school bellowed:
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,
\par Teach us something please,
\par Whether we be old and bald
\par Or young with scabby knees,
\par Our heads could do with filling
\par With some interesting stuff,
\par For now they\rquote re bare and full of air,
\par Dead flies and bits of fluff,
\par So teach us things worth knowing,
\par Bring back what we\rquote ve forgot,
\par Just do your best, we\rquote ll do the rest,
\par And learn until our brains all rot.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 
\par 
\par Everybody finished the song at different times. At last, only the Weasley twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral march. Du
mbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest.
\par \'93Ah, music,\'94 he said, wiping his eyes. \'93A magic beyond all we do here! And now, bedtime. Off you trot!\'94
\par The Gryffindor first years followed Percy through the chattering crowds, out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase. Harry\rquote 
s legs were like lead again, but only because he was so tired and full of food. He was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits al
ong the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice Percy led them through doorways hidden be\-
hind sliding panels and hanging tapestries. They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a sudden halt.
\par A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing them\-selves at him.
\par \'93Peeves,\'94 Percy whispered to the first years. \'93A poltergeist.\'94 He raised his voice, \'93Peeves \emdash  show yourself.\'94
\par A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, an\-swered.
\par \'93Do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron?\'94
\par There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a wide mouth appeared, floating cross-legged in the air, clutching the walking sticks.
\par \'93Oooooooh!\'94 he said, with an evil cackle. \'93Ickle Firsties! What fun!\'94
\par He swooped suddenly at them. They all ducked.
\par \'93Go away, Peeves, or the Baron\rquote ll hear about this, I mean it!\'94 barked Percy.
\par Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on Neville\rquote s head. They heard him zooming away, rattling coats of armor as he passed.
\par \'93You want to watch out for Peeves,\'94 said Percy, as they set off again. \'93The Bloody Baron\rquote s the only one who can control him, he won\rquote t even listen to us prefects. Here we are.\'94
\par At the very end of the corridor hung a portrait of a very fat woman in a pink silk dress.
\par \'93Password?\'94 she said.
\par \'93Caput Draconis,\'94 said Percy, and the portrait swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. They all scrambled through it \emdash  Neville needed a leg up \emdash 
 and found themselves in the Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs.
\par Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the boys through another. At the top of a spiral staircase \emdash  they were obviously in one of the towers \emdash 
 they found their beds at last: five four-posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains. Their trunks had already been brought up. Too tired to talk much, they pulled on their pajamas and fell into bed.
\par \'93Great food, isn\rquote t it?\'94 Ron muttered to Harry through the hang\-ings. \'93Get }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 off}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid16740996\charrsid16740996  Scabbers! He\rquote s chewing my sheets.\'94
\par Harry was going to ask Ron if he\rquote d had any of the treacle tart, but he fell asleep almost at once.
\par Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange dream. He was wearing Professor Quirrell\rquote 
s turban, which kept talking to him, telling him he must transfer to Slytherin at once, because it was his destiny. Harry told the turban he didn\rquote 
t want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully \emdash  and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it \emdash 
 then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold \emdash  there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.
\par He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didn\rquote t remember the dream at all.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 8
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 The Potions Master
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11288426 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426  \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 T}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 here, look.\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 \'93Where?\'94
\par \'93Next to the tall kid with the red hair.\'94
\par \'93Wearing the glasses?\'94
\par \'93Did you see his face?\'94
\par \'93Did you see his scar?\'94
\par Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormi\-tory the next day. People lining up outside classrooms stood on tip\-toe to get a look at him, or doubled back to pass him in the corridors again, staring. Harry wished they wouldn\rquote 
t, because he was trying to concentrate on finding his way to classes.
\par There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led some\-
where different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump. Then there were doors that wouldn\rquote t open unless you asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors that weren\rquote 
t really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending. It was also very hard to remember where any\-
thing was, because it all seemed to move around a lot. The people in the portraits kept going to visit each other, and Harry was sure the coats of armor could walk.
\par The ghosts didn\rquote 
t help, either. It was always a nasty shock when one of them glided suddenly through a door you were trying to open. Nearly Headless Nick was always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right direction, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth t
wo locked doors and a trick staircase if you met him when you were late for class. He would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, 
\'93GOT YOUR CONK!\'94
\par Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch. Harry and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of him on their very first morning. Filch found them trying to force their way through a door that unluckily turned
 out to be the en\-trance to the out-of-bounds corridor on the third floor. He wouldn\rquote 
t believe they were lost, was sure they were trying to break into it on purpose, and was threatening to lock them in the dungeons when they were rescued by Professor Quirrell, who was passing.
\par Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature with bulging, lamplike eyes just like Filch\rquote s. She patrolled the corridors alone. Break a rule in front of her, put just one toe out of line, and she\rquote d whisk off f
or Filch, who\rquote d appear, wheezing, two seconds later. Filch knew the secret passageways of the school bet\-
ter than anyone (except perhaps the Weasley twins) and could pop up as suddenly as any of the ghosts. The students all hated him, and it was the dearest ambition of many to give Mrs. Norris a good kick.
\par And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes themselves. There was a lot more to magic, as Harry quickly found out, than waving your wand and saying a few funny words.
\par They had to s
tudy the night skies through their telescopes every Wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and the movements of the planets. Three times a week they went out to the greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy littl
e witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.
\par Easily the most boring class was History of Magic, which was the only one taught by a ghost. Professor Binns had
 been very old indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him. Binns droned on and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got Emeric the Evil and Uric the Oddball m
ixed up.
\par Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk. At the start of their first class he took the roll call, and when he reached Harry\rquote s name he gave an excited squeak and toppl
ed out of sight.
\par Professor McGonagall was again different. Harry had been quite right to think she wasn\rquote t a teacher to cross. Strict and clever, she gave them a talking-to the moment they sat down in her first class.
\par \'93Transfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic you will learn at Hogwarts,\'94 she said. \'93Anyone messing around in my class will leave and not come back. You have been warned.\'94
\par Then she changed her desk into a pig and back again. They were all very impressed and couldn\rquote t wait to get started, but soon realized they weren\rquote 
t going to be changing the furniture into animals for a long time. After taking a lot of complicated notes, they were each given a match and started trying to turn it into a needle. By the end of the lesson, only H
ermione Granger had made any difference to her match; Professor McGonagall showed the class how it had gone all silver and pointy and gave Hermione a rare smile.
\par The class everyone had really been looking forward to was De\-fense Against the Dark Arts, but Quirrell\rquote s lessons turned out to be a bit of a joke. His classroom smelled strongly of garlic, which everyone said was to ward off a vampire he\rquote 
d met in Romania and was afraid would be coming back to get him one of these days. His turban, he told them, had been given to him by an African prince as a thank-you for getting rid of a troublesome zombie, but they weren\rquote 
t sure they believed this story. For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went 
pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.
\par Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasn\rquote t miles behind everyone else. Lots of people had come from Muggle families and, like him, hadn\rquote 
t had any idea that they were witches and wizards. There was so much to learn that even people like Ron didn\rquote t have much of a head start.
\par Friday was an important day for Harry and Ron. They finally managed to find their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast without getting lost once.
\par \'93What have we got today?\'94 Harry asked Ron as he poured sugar on his porridge.
\par \'93Double Potions with the Slytherins,\'94 said Ron. \'93Snape\rquote s Head of Slytherin House. They say he always favors them \emdash  we\rquote ll be able to see if it\rquote s true.\'94
\par \'93Wish McGonagall favored us,\'94 said Harry. Professor McGona\-gall was head of Gryffindor House, but it hadn\rquote t stopped her from giving them a huge pile of homework the day before.
\par Just then, the mail arrived. Harry had gotten used to this by now, but it had given him a bit of a shock on the first morning, when about a hundred owls had suddenly streamed into the Great Hall during
 breakfast, circling the tables until they saw their own\-ers, and dropping letters and packages onto their laps.
\par Hedwig hadn\rquote t brought Harry anything so far. She sometimes flew in to nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the owlery with the other school owls. This morning, how\-
ever, she fluttered down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto Harry\rquote s plate. Harry tore it open at once. It said, in a very untidy scrawl:
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 Dear Harry,
\par I know you get Friday afternoons off so would you like to come and have a  cup of tea with me  around three?
\par I want to hear all about your first week. Send us an answer back with Hedwig.
\par Hagrid
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 
\par Harry borrowed Ron\rquote s quill, scribbled }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 Yes, please, see you later}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426  on the back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.
\par It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to him so far.
\par At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor Snape disliked him. By the end of the first Potions lesson, he knew he\rquote d been wrong. Snape didn\rquote t dislike Harry \emdash  he }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 hated }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 him.
\par Potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons. It was colder here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.
\par Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Harry\rquote s name.
\par \'93Ah, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 yes}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 \'94 he said softly, \'93Harry Potter. Our new \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 celebrity}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 \'94
\par Draco Malfoy and his friends Crabbe and Goyle sniggered be\-hind their hands. Snape finished calling the names and looked up at the class. His eyes were black like Hagrid\rquote s, but they had none of Hagrid\rquote 
s warmth. They were cold and empty and made you think of dark tunnels.
\par \'93You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potion-making,\'94 he began. He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but they caught every word \emdash  like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a class silent without effort. 
\'93As there is little foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I don\rquote t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that cr
eep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 
 I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death \emdash  if you aren\rquote t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.\'94
\par More silence followed this little speech. Harry and Ron ex\-changed looks with raised eyebrows. Hermione Granger was on the edge of her seat and looked desperate to start proving that she wasn\rquote t a dunderhead.
\par \'93Potter!\'94 said Snape suddenly. \'93What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?\'94
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 Powdered root of what to an infusion of what}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 
? Harry glanced at Ron, who looked as stumped as he was; Hermione\rquote s hand had shot into the air.
\par \'93I don\rquote t know, sir,\'94 said Harry.
\par Snape\rquote s lips curled into a sneer.
\par \'93Tut, tut \emdash  fame clearly isn\rquote t everything.\'94
\par He ignored Hermione\rquote s hand.
\par \'93Let\rquote s try again. Potter, where would you look if I told you to find me a bezoar?\'94
\par Hermione stretched her hand as high into the air as it would go without her leaving her seat, but Harry didn\rquote t have the faintest idea what a bezoar was. He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were shaking with laughter.
\par \'93I don\rquote t know, sir.\'94
\par \'93Thought you wouldn\rquote t open a book before coming, eh, Potter?\'94
\par Harry forced himself to keep looking straight into those cold eyes. He }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 had}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426  looked through his books at the Dursleys\rquote , but did Snape expect him to remember everything in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 One Thousand Mag\-ical Herbs and Fungi}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 ?
\par Snape was still ignoring Hermione\rquote s quivering hand.
\par \'93What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfs\-bane?\'94
\par At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.
\par \'93I don\rquote t know,\'94 said Harry quietly. \'93I think Hermione does, though, why don\rquote t you try her?\'94
\par A few people laughed; Harry caught Seamus\rquote s eye, and Seamus winked. Snape, however, was not pleased.
\par \'93Sit down,\'94 he snapped at Hermione. \'93For your information, Potter, asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so power\-ful it is known as the Draught of Living Death. A bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach of a goat and it will s
ave you from most poisons. As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of aconite. Well? Why aren\rquote t you all copying that down?\'94
\par There was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment. Over the noise, Snape said, \'93And a point will be taken from Gryffindor House for your cheek, Potter.\'94
\par Things didn\rquote t improve for the Gryffindors as the Potions lesson continued. Snape put them all into pairs and set them to mixing up a simple potion to cure boils. He swept around in his l
ong black cloak, watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like. He was just telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his horned slugs when clouds of acid gre
en smoke and a loud hissing filled the dungeon. Neville had somehow managed to melt Seamus\rquote s cauldron into a twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor, burning holes in people\rquote 
s shoes. Within seconds, the whole class was standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs.
\par \'93Idiot boy!\'94 snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand. \'93I suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire?\'94
\par Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.
\par \'93Take him up to the hospital wing,\'94 Snape spat at Seamus. Then he rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.
\par \'93You \emdash  Potter \emdash  why didn\rquote t you tell him not to add the quills? Thought he\rquote d make you look good if he got it wrong, did you? That\rquote s another point you\rquote ve lost for Gryffindor.\'94
\par This was so unfair that Harry opened his mouth to argue, but Ron kicked him behind their cauldron.
\par \'93Don\rquote t push it,\'94 he muttered, \'93I\rquote ve heard Snape can turn very nasty.\'94
\par As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Harry\rquote s mind was racing and his spirits were low. He\rquote d lost two points for Gryffindor in his very first week \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 why}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426  did Snape hate him so much?
\par \'93Cheer up,\'94 said Ron, \'93Snape\rquote s always taking points off Fred and George. Can I come and meet Hagrid with you?\'94
\par At five to three they left the castle and made their way across the grounds. Hagrid lived in a small wooden house on the edge of the forbidden forest. A crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the front door.
\par When Harry knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling from in\-side and several booming barks. Then Hagrid\rquote s voice rang out, say\-ing, \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 Back}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 , Fang \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 back}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 \'94
\par Hagrid\rquote s big, hairy face appeared in the crack as he pulled the door open.
\par \'93Hang on,\'94 he said. \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 Back}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426  Fang.\'94
\par He let them in, struggling to keep a hold on the collar of an enormous black boarhound.
\par There was only one room inside. Hams and pheasants were hanging from the ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.
\par \'93Make yerselves at home,\'94 said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at Ron and started licking his ears. Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked.
\par \'93This is Ron,\'94 Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling wa\-ter into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.
\par \'93Another Weasley, eh?\'94 said Hagrid, glancing at Ron\rquote s freckles. \'93I spent half me life chasin\rquote  yer twin brothers away from the forest.\'94
\par The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told Hagrid all about their first lessons. Fang rested his head on Harry\rquote s knee and drooled all over his robes.

\par Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Filch \'93that old git\rquote \rquote 
\par \'93An\rquote  as fer that cat, Mrs. Norris, I\rquote d like ter introduce her to Fang sometime. D\rquote yeh know, every time I go up ter the school, she follows me everywhere? Can\rquote t get rid of her \emdash  Filch puts her up to it.\'94
\par Harry told Hagrid about Snape\rquote s lesson. Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the stu\-dents.
\par \'93But he seemed to really }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 hate}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426  me.\'94
\par \'93Rubbish!\'94 said Hagrid. \'93Why should he?\'94
\par Yet Harry couldn\rquote t help thinking that Hagrid didn\rquote t quite meet his eyes when he said that.
\par \'93How\rquote s yer brother Charlie?\'94 Hagrid asked Ron. \'93I liked him a lot \emdash  great with animals.\'94
\par Harry wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on purpose. While Ron told Hagrid all about Charlie\rquote s work with dragons, Harry picked up a piece of paper that was lying on the table under the tea cozy. It was a cutting from the }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 Daily Prophet}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 :}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11288426 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATEST
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11288426 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 Investigations co
ntinue into the break-in at Gringotts on 31 July, widely believed to be the work of Dark wizards or witches unknown.
\par Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken. The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day.
\par \'93But we\rquote re not telling you what was in there, so keep your noses out if you know what\rquote s good for you,\'94 said a Gringotts spokesgoblin this after\-noon.
\par 
\par Harry remembered Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to rob Gringotts, but Ron hadn\rquote t mentioned the date.
\par \'93Hagrid!\'94 said Harry, \'93that Gringotts break-in happened on my birthday! It might\rquote ve been happening while we were there!\'94
\par There was no doubt about it, Hagrid definitely didn\rquote t meet Harry\rquote s eyes this time. He grunted and offered him another rock cake. Harry read the story again. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied earlier that same day}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11288426\charrsid11288426  Hagrid had emptied vault seven hundred and thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby little package. Had that been what the thieves were looking for?

\par As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets weighed down with rock cakes they\rquote d been too polite to refuse, Harry thought that none of the lessons he\rquote d had so far had given him as much to think about as tea with
 Hagrid. Had Hagrid collected that package just in time? Where was it now? And did Hagrid know something about Snape that he didn\rquote t want to tell Harry?
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 9
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 The Midnight Duel
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4851394 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 H}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 arry had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose}, b
ut that was before he met Draco Malfoy. Still, first-year Gryffindors only had Potions with the Slytherins, so they didn\rquote t have to put up with Malfoy much. Or at least, they didn\rquote 
t until they spotted a notice pinned up in the Gryffindor common room that made them all groan. Flying lessons would be starting on Thursday \emdash  and Gryffindor and Slytherin would be learning together.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 \'93Typical,\'94 said Harry darkly. \'93Just what I always wanted. To make a fool of myself on a broomstick in front of Malfoy.\'94
\par He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than any\-thing else.
\par \'93You don\rquote t know that you\rquote ll make a fool of yourself,\'94 said Ron reasonably. \'93Anyway, I know Malfoy\rquote s always going on about how good he is at Quidditch, but I bet that\rquote s all talk.\'94
\par Malfoy certainly did talk about flying a lot. He complained loudly about first years never getting on the House Quidditch teams and told long, boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly escaping Muggles in helicopters. He wasn\rquote 
t the only one, though: the way Seamus Finnigan told it, he\rquote d spent most of his childhood zooming around the countryside on his broom\-stick. Even Ron would tell anyone who\rquote d listen about the time he\rquote 
d almost hit a hang glider on Charlie\rquote s old broom. Everyone from wizarding families talked about Quidditch constantly. Ron had al\-ready had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their dormitory, about soccer. Ron couldn\rquote 
t see what was exciting about a game with only one ball where no one was allowed to fly. Harry had caught Ron prodding Dean\rquote s poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the players move.
\par Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his grandmother had never let him near one. Privately, Harry felt she\rquote d had good reason, because Neville managed to have an extraordi\-
nary number of accidents even with both feet on the ground.
\par Hermione Granger was almost as nervous about flying as Neville was. This was something you couldn\rquote t learn by heart out of a book \emdash  not that she hadn\rquote t tried. At breakfast on Thursday she bored them all stupid with flying tips she
\rquote d gotten out of a library book called }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 Quidditch Through the Ages}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 
 Neville was hanging on to her every word, desperate for anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, but everybody else was very pleased when Hermione\rquote s lecture was interrupted by the arrival of the mail.
\par Harry hadn\rquote t had a single letter since Hagrid\rquote s note, something that Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course. Malfoy\rquote s eagle owl was always bringing him packages of sweets f
rom home, which he opened gloatingly at the Slytherin table.
\par A barn owl brought Neville a small package from his grand\-mother. He opened it excitedly and showed them a glass ball the size of a large marble, which seemed to be full of white smoke.
\par \'93It\rquote s a Remembrall!\'94 he explained. \'93Gran knows I forget things \emdash  this tells you if there\rquote s something you\rquote ve forgotten to do. Look, you hold it tight like this and if it turns red \emdash  oh }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 \'94 His face fell, because the Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet, \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  you\rquote ve forgotten something }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 \'94
\par Neville was trying to remember what he\rquote d forgotten when Draco Malfoy, who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Re\-membrall out of his hand.
\par Harry and Ron jumped to their feet. They were half hoping for a reason to fight Malfoy, but Professor McGonagall, who could spot trouble quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.
\par \'93What\rquote s going on?\'94
\par \'93Malfoy\rquote s got my Remembrall, Professor.\'94
\par Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table.
\par \'93Just looking,\'94 he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind him.
\par 
\par At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffin\-dors hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying lesson. It was a clear, breezy day, and
 the grass rippled under their feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the for\-bidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance.
\par The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broom\-
sticks lying in neat lines on the ground. Harry had heard Fred and George Weasley complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.
\par Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived. She had short, gray hair, and yellow eyes like a hawk.
\par \'93Well, what are you all waiting for?\'94 she barked. \'93Everyone stand by a broomstick. Come on, hurry up.\'94
\par Harry glanced down at his broom. It was old and some of the twigs stuck out at odd angles.
\par \'93Stick out your right hand over your broom,\'94 called Madam Hooch at the front, \'93and say \lquote Up!}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \rquote  \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 
\par \'93UP!\'94 everyone shouted.
\par Harry\rquote s broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few that did. Hermione Granger\rquote s had simply rolled over on the ground, and Neville\rquote s hadn\rquote 
t moved at all. Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a quaver in Neville\rquote s voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the ground.
\par Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding off the end, and walked up and down the rows cor\-recting their grips. Harry and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he\rquote d been doing it wrong for years.
\par \'93Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard,\'94 said Madam Hooch. \'93Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come straight back down by leaning forward slightly. On my whistle \emdash  three \emdash  two \emdash \'94

\par But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch\rquote s lips.
\par \'93Come back, boy!\'94 she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle \emdash  twelve feet \emdash  twenty feet. Harry saw his scared white face look down at the ground falling away, sa
w him gasp, slip sideways off the broom and \emdash 
\par WHAM \emdash  a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass in a heap. His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.
\par Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.
\par \'93Broken wrist,\'94 Harry heard her mutter. \'93Come on, boy \emdash  it\rquote s all right, up you get.\'94
\par She turned to the rest of the class.
\par \'93None of you is to move while I take this boy to the hospital wing! You leave those brooms where they are or you\rquote ll be out of Hogwarts before you can say \lquote Quidditch.\rquote  Come on, dear.\'94
\par Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.
\par No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.
\par \'93Did you see his face, the great lump?\'94
\par The other Slytherins joined in.
\par \'93Shut up, Malfoy,\'94 snapped Parvati Patil.
\par \'93Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?\'94 said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl. \'93Never thought }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 you\rquote d}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  like fat little cry\-babies, Parvati.\'94
\par \'93Look!\'94 said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the grass. \'93It\rquote s that stupid thing Longbottom\rquote s gran sent him.\'94
\par The Remembrall glittered in the sun as he held it up.
\par \'93Give that here, Malfoy,\'94 said Harry quietly. Everyone stopped talking to watch.
\par Malfoy smiled nastily.
\par \'93I think I\rquote ll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find \emdash  how about \emdash  up a tree?\'94
\par \'93Give it }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 here}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 !\'94
 Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick and taken off. He hadn\rquote t been lying, he }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 could}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  fly well. Hovering level with the topmost branches of an oak he called, \'93Come and get it, Potter!\'94
\par Harry grabbed his broom.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 No}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 !\'94 shouted Hermione Granger. \'93
Madam Hooch told us not to move \emdash  you\rquote ll get us all into trouble.\'94
\par Harry ignored her. Blood was pounding in his ears. He mounted the broom and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed through his hair, and his robes whipped out be\-hind him \emdash  and in a rush of fierce joy he realized he
\rquote d found something he could do without being taught \emdash  this was easy, this was }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 wonderful}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 
 He pulled his broomstick up a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.
\par He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair. Mal\-foy looked stunned.
\par \'93Give it here,\'94 Harry called, \'93or I\rquote ll knock you off that broom!\'94
\par \'93Oh, yeah?\'94 said Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking worried.
\par Harry knew, somehow, what to do. He leaned forward and grasped the broom tightly in both hands, and it shot toward Mal\-
foy like a javelin. Malfoy only just got out of the way in time; Harry made a sharp about-face and held the broom steady. A few people below were clapping.
\par \'93No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy,\'94 Harry called.
\par The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.
\par \'93Catch it if you can, then!\'94 he shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.
\par Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall. He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down \emdash  next second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball \emdash 
 wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the screams of people watching \emdash  he stretched out his hand \emdash  a foot from the ground he caught i
t, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in his fist.
\par \'93HARRY POTTER!\'94
\par His heart sank faster than he\rquote d just dived. Professor McGonagall was running toward them. He got to his feet, trembling.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 Never}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  \emdash  in all my time at Hogwarts \emdash \'94

\par Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses flashed furiously, \'93\emdash  how }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 dare}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  you \emdash  might have bro\-ken your neck \emdash \'94
\par \'93It wasn\rquote t his fault, Professor \emdash \'94
\par \'93Be quiet, Miss Patil \emdash \'94
\par \'93But Malfoy \emdash \'94
\par \'93That\rquote s }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 enough}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  Mr. Weasley. Potter, follow me, now.\'94
\par Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle\rquote s triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall\rquote s wake as she strode toward the castle. He was going to be expelled, he jus
t knew it. He wanted to say something to defend himself, but there seemed to be something wrong with his voice. Professor McGona\-gall was sweeping along without even looking at him; he had to jog to keep up. Now he\rquote d done it. He hadn\rquote 
t even lasted two weeks. He\rquote d be packing his bags in ten minutes. What would the Dursleys say when he turned up on the doorstep?
\par Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still Pro\-fessor McGonagall didn\rquote t say a word to him. She wrenched open doors and marched alo
ng corridors with Harry trotting miserably behind her. Maybe she was taking him to Dumbledore. He thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to stay on as gamekeeper. Perhaps he could be Hagrid\rquote 
s assistant. His stomach twisted as he imagined it, watching Ron and the others becoming wizards while he stumped around the grounds carrying Hagrid\rquote s bag.
\par Professor McGonagall stopped outside a classroom. She opened the door and poked her head inside.
\par \'93Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a mo\-ment?\'94
\par Wood? thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was go\-ing to use on him?
\par But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick\rquote s class looking confused.
\par \'93Follow me, you two,\'94 said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.
\par \'93In here.\'94
\par Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.
\par \'93Out, Peeves!\'94 she barked. Peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which clanged loudly, and he swooped out cursing. Professor McGonagall slammed the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.
\par \'93Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood \emdash  I\rquote ve found you a Seeker.\'94
\par Wood\rquote s expression changed from puzzlement to delight.
\par \'93Are you serious, Professor?\'94
\par \'93Absolutely,\'94 said Professor McGonagall crisply. \'93The boy\rquote s a natural. I\rquote ve never seen anything like it. Was that your first time on a broomstick, Potter?\'94
\par Harry nodded silently. He didn\rquote t have a clue what was going on, but he didn\rquote t seem to be being expelled, and some of the feeling started coming back to his legs.
\par \'93He caught that thing in his hand after a fifty-foot dive,\'94 Profes\-sor McGonagall told Wood. \'93Didn\rquote t even scratch himself. Charlie Weasley couldn\rquote t have done it.\'94
\par Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had come true at once.
\par \'93Ever seen a game of Quidditch, Potter?\'94 he asked excitedly.
\par \'93Wood\rquote s captain of the Gryffindor team,\'94 Professor McGonagall explained.
\par \'93He\rquote s just the build for a Seeker, too,\'94 said Wood, now walking around Harry and staring at him. \'93Light \emdash  speedy \emdash  we\rquote ll have to get him a decent broom, Professor \emdash  a Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep Seven, I
\rquote d say.\'94
\par \'93I shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we can\rquote t bend the first-year rule. Heaven knows, we need a better team than last year. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 Flattened
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  in that last match by Slytherin, I couldn\rquote t look Severus Snape in the face for weeks}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 \'94
\par Professor McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Harry.
\par \'93I want to hear you\rquote re training hard, Potter, or I may change my mind about punishing you.\'94
\par Then she suddenly smiled.
\par \'93Your father would have been proud,\'94 she said. \'93He was an ex\-cellent Quidditch player himself.\'94
\par 
\par \'93You\rquote re }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 joking}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 \'94
\par It was dinnertime. Harry had just finished telling Ron what had happened when he\rquote d left the grounds with Professor McGonagall. Ron had a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he\rquote d forgotten all about it.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 Seeker}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 ?\'94 he said. \'93But first years }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 never}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  \emdash  you must be the youngest House player in about \emdash \'94

\par \'93\emdash  a century,\'94 said Harry, shoveling pie into his mouth. He felt particularly hungry after the excitement of the afternoon. \'93Wood told me.\'94
\par Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry.
\par \'93I start training next week,\'94 said Harry. \'93Only don\rquote t tell anyone, Wood wants to keep it a secret.\'94
\par Fred and George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Harry, and hurried over.
\par \'93Well done,\'94 said George in a low voice. \'93Wood told us. We\rquote re on the team too \emdash  Beaters.\'94
\par \'93I tell you, we\rquote re going to win that Quidditch Cup for sure this year,\'94 said Fred. \'93We haven\rquote t won since Charlie left, but this year\rquote 
s team is going to be brilliant. You must be good, Harry, Wood was almost skipping when he told us.\'94
\par \'93Anyway, we\rquote ve got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he\rquote s found a new secret passageway out of the school.\'94
\par \'93Bet it\rquote s that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first week. See you.\'94
\par Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle.
\par \'93Having a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the train back to the Muggles?\'94
\par \'93You\rquote re a lot braver now that you\rquote re back on the ground and you\rquote ve got your little friends with you,\'94 said Harry coolly. There was of course nothing at all little about Crabbe and Go
yle, but as the High Table was full of teachers, neither of them could do more than crack their knuckles and scowl.
\par \'93I\rquote d take you on anytime on my own,\'94 said Malfoy. \'93Tonight, if you want. Wizard\rquote s duel. Wands only \emdash  no contact. What\rquote s the matter? Never heard of a wizards duel before, I suppose?\'94
\par \'93Of course he has,\'94 said Ron, wheeling around. \'93I\rquote m his second, who\rquote s yours?\'94
\par Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up.
\par \'93Crabbe,\'94 he said. \'93Midnight all right? We\rquote ll meet you in the trophy room; that\rquote s always unlocked.\'94
\par When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other.
\par \'93What }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 is}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  a wizards duel?\'94 said Harry. \'93
And what do you mean, you\rquote re my second?\'94
\par \'93Well, a second\rquote s there to take over if you die,\'94 said Ron casually, getting started at last on his cold pie. Catching the look on Harry\rquote s face, he added quickly, \'93
But people only die in proper duels, you know, with real wizards. The most you and Malfoy\rquote ll be able to do is send sparks at each other. Neither of you knows enough magic to do any real damage. I bet he expected you to refuse, anyway.\'94
\par \'93And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?\'94
\par \'93Throw it away and punch him on the nose,\'94 Ron suggested.
\par \'93Excuse me.
\par They both looked up. It was Hermione Granger.
\par \'93Can\rquote t a person eat in peace in this place?\'94 said Ron.
\par Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry.
\par \'93I couldn\rquote t help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying \emdash \'94
\par \'93Bet you could,\'94 Ron muttered.
\par \'93\emdash  and you }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 mustn\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 
 go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you\rquote ll lose Gryffindor if you\rquote re caught, and you\rquote re bound to be. It\rquote s really very selfish of you.\'94
\par \'93And it\rquote s really none of your business,\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93Good-bye,\'94 said Ron.
\par 
\par All the same, it wasn\rquote t what you\rquote d call the perfect end to the day, Harry thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus falling asleep (Neville wasn\rquote 
t back from the hospital wing). Ron had spent all evening giving him advice such as \'93If he tries to curse you, you\rquote d better dodge it, because I can\rquote t remember how to block them.\'94 There was a very good ch
ance they were going to get caught by Filch or Mrs. Norris, and Harry felt he was pushing his luck, breaking another school rule today. On the other hand, Mal\-foy\rquote s sneering face kept looming up out of the darkness \emdash 
 this was his big chance to beat Malfoy face-to-face. He couldn\rquote t miss it.
\par \'93Half-past eleven,\'94 Ron muttered at last, \'93we\rquote d better go.\'94
\par They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common room. A few emb
ers were still glowing in the fireplace, turning all the armchairs into hunched black shadows. They had almost reached the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, \'93I can\rquote t believe you\rquote re going to do this, Harry.\'94

\par A lamp flickered on. It was Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 You}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 !\'94 said Ron furiously. \'93Go back to bed!\'94

\par \'93I almost told your brother,\'94 Hermione snapped, \'93Percy \emdash  he\rquote s a prefect, he\rquote d put a stop to this.\'94
\par Harry couldn\rquote t believe anyone could be so interfering.
\par \'93Come on,\'94 he said to Ron. He pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady and climbed through the hole.
\par Hermione wasn\rquote t going to give up that easily. She followed Ron through the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.
\par \'93Don\rquote t you }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 care }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 about Gryffindor, do you }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 only }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 care about your\-selves, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  don\rquote t want Slytherin to win the House Cup, and you\rquote 
ll lose all the points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching Spells.\'94
\par \'93Go away.\'94
\par \'93All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said when you\rquote re on the train home tomorrow, you\rquote re so \emdash \'94
\par But what they were, they didn\rquote t find out. Hermione had turned to the portrait of the Fat Lady to get back inside and found herself facing an empty painting. The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and Hermione was locked out of 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}Gryffindor{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}Tower{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}.
\par \'93Now what am I going to do?\'94 she asked shrilly.
\par \'93That\rquote s your problem,\'94 said Ron. \'93We\rquote ve got to go, we\rquote re going to be late.\'94
\par They hadn\rquote t even reached the end of the corridor when Hermione caught up with them.
\par \'93I\rquote m coming with you,\'94 she said.
\par \'93You are }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 not}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 \'94
\par \'93D\rquote you think I\rquote m going to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me? If he finds all three of us I\rquote ll tell him the truth, that I was trying to stop you, and you can back me up.\'94
\par \'93You\rquote ve got some nerve \emdash \'94 said Ron loudly.
\par \'93Shut up, both of you!\'94 said Harry sharply. \'93I heard something.\'94
\par It was a sort of snuffling.
\par \'93Mrs. Norris?\'94 breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.
\par It wasn\rquote t Mrs. Norris. It was Neville. He was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.
\par \'93Thank goodness you found me! I\rquote ve been out here for hours, I couldn\rquote t remember the new password to get in to bed.\'94
\par \'93Keep your voice down, Neville. The password\rquote s \lquote Pig snout\rquote  but it won\rquote t help you now, the Fat Lady\rquote s gone off somewhere.\'94
\par \'93How\rquote s your arm?\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93Fine,\'94 said Neville, showing them. \'93Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute.\'94
\par \'93Good \emdash  well, look, Neville, we\rquote ve got to be somewhere, we\rquote ll see you later \emdash \'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t leave me!\'94 said Neville, scrambling to his feet, \'93I don\rquote t want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron\rquote s been past twice al\-ready.\'94
\par Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and Neville.
\par \'93If either of you get us caught, I\rquote ll never rest until I\rquote ve learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.
\par Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all forward.
\par They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows. At every turn Harry expected to run into Filch or Mrs. Norris, but they were lucky. They sped up a staircase to the third floor and tiptoed toward the trophy room.
\par Malfoy and Crabbe weren\rquote t there yet. The crystal tro
phy cases glimmered where the moonlight caught them. Cups, shields, plates, and statues winked silver and gold in the darkness. They edged along the walls, keeping their eyes on the doors at either end of the room. Harry took out his wand in case Malfoy l
eapt in and started at once. The minutes crept by.
\par \'93He\rquote s late, maybe he\rquote s chickened out,\'94 Ron whispered.
\par Then a noise in the next room made them jump. Harry had only just raised his wand when they heard someone speak \emdash  and it wasn\rquote t Malfoy.
\par \'93Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a corner.\'94
\par It was Filch speaking to Mrs. Norris. Horror-struck, Harry waved madly at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried silently toward the door, away from Filch\rquote s voice. Neville\rquote s robes ha
d barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room.
\par \'93They\rquote re in here somewhere,\'94 they heard him mutter, \'93probably hiding.\'94
\par \'93This way!\'94 Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor. They could hear Filch getting nearer. Neville suddenly let out a fright\-ened squeak and broke into a run \emdash 
 he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.
\par The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.
\par \'93RUN!\'94 Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following \emdash  they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without an
y idea where they were or where they were going \emdash  they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.
\par \'93I think we\rquote ve lost him,\'94 Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead. Neville was bent double, wheezing and spluttering.
\par \'93I \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 told}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  \emdash  you,\'94
 Hermione gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest, \'93I \emdash  told \emdash  you.\'94
\par \'93We\rquote ve got to get back to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}Gryffindor{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}Tower{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose},\'94 said Ron, \'93
quickly as possible.\'94
\par \'93Malfoy tricked you,\'94 Hermione said to Harry. \'93You realize that, don\rquote t you? He was never going to meet you \emdash  Filch knew someone was going to be in the trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off.\'94
\par Harry thought she was probably right, but he wasn\rquote t going to tell her that.
\par \'93Let\rquote s go.\'94
\par It wasn\rquote t going to be that simple. They hadn\rquote t gone more than a dozen paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shoot\-ing out of a classroom in front of them.
\par It was Peeves. He caught sight of them and gave a squeal of de\-light.
\par \'93Shut up, Peeves \emdash  please \emdash  you\rquote ll get us thrown out.\'94
\par Peeves cackled.
\par \'93Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties? Tut, tut, tut. Naughty, naughty, you\rquote ll get caughty.\'94
\par \'93Not if you don\rquote t give us away, Peeves, please.\'94
\par \'93Should tell Filch, I should,\'94 said Peeves in a sanity voice, but his eyes glittered wickedly. \'93It\rquote s for your own good, you know.\'94
\par \'93Get out of the way,\'94 snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves \emdash  this was a big mistake.
\par \'93STUDENTS OUT OF BED!\'94 Peeves bellowed, \'93STU\-DENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRI\-DOR!\'94
\par Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a door \emdash  and it was locked.
\par \'93This is it!\'94 Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, \'93We\rquote re done for! This is the end!\'94
\par They could hear footsteps, Filch running as fast as he could toward Peeves\rquote s shouts.
\par \'93Oh, move over,\'94 Hermione snarled. She grabbed Harry\rquote s wand, tapped the lock, and whispered, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 Alohomora}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 
\par The lock clicked and the door swung open \emdash  they piled through it, shut it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.
\par \'93Which way did they go, Peeves?\'94 Filch was saying. \'93Quick, tell me.\'94
\par \'93Say \lquote please.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \rquote  \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 
\par \'93Don\rquote t mess with me, Peeves, now }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 where did they go}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 ?
\'94
\par \'93Shan\rquote t say nothing if you don\rquote t say please,\'94 said Peeves in his an\-noying singsong voice.
\par \'93All right \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 please}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 \'94
\par \'93NOTHING! Ha haaa! Told you I wouldn\rquote t say nothing if you didn\rquote t say please! Ha ha! Haaaaaa!\'94 And they heard the sound of Peeves whooshing away and Filch cursing in rage.
\par \'93He thinks this door is locked,\'94 Harry whispered. \'93I think we\rquote ll be okay \emdash  get }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 off}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  Neville!\'94 For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of Harry\rquote 
s bathrobe for the last minute. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 What}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 ?\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 
\par Harry turned around \emdash  and saw, quite clearly, what. For a mo\-ment, he was sure he\rquote d walked into a nightmare \emdash  this was too much, on top of everything that had happened so far.
\par They weren\rquote t in a room, as he had supposed. They were in a cor\-ridor. The forbidden corridor on the third floor. And now they knew why it was forbidden.
\par They were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that filled the whole space between ceiling and floor. It had three heads. Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three 
drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.
\par It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren\rquote t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly get\-
ting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.
\par Harry groped for the doorknob \emdash  between Filch and death, he\rquote d take Filch.
\par They fell backward \emdash  Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor. Filch must have hur\-ried off to look for them somewhere else, because they didn\rquote t see him anywhere, but they hardly cared \emdash 
 all they wanted to do was put as much space as possible between them and that monster. They didn\rquote t stop running until they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.
\par \'93Where on earth have you all been?\'94 she asked, looking at their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.
\par \'93Never mind that \emdash  pig snout, pig snout,\'94 panted Harry, and the portrait swung forward. They scrambled into the common room and collapsed, trembling, into armchairs.
\par It was a while before any of them said anything. Neville, indeed, looked as if he\rquote d never speak again.
\par \'93What do they think they\rquote re doing, keeping a thing like that locked up in a school?\'94 said Ron finally. \'93If any dog needs exercise, that one does.\'94
\par Hermione had got both her breath and her bad temper back again.
\par \'93You don\rquote t use your eyes, any of you, do you?\'94 she snapped. \'93Didn\rquote t you see what it was standing on?\'94
\par \'93The floor?\'94 Harry suggested. \'93I wasn\rquote t looking at its feet, I was too busy with its heads.\'94
\par \'93No, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394 not}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  the floor. It was standing on a trapdoor. It
\rquote s obviously guarding something.\'94
\par She stood up, glaring at them.
\par \'93I hope you\rquote re pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed \emdash  or worse, expelled. Now, if you don\rquote t mind, I\rquote m going to bed.\'94
\par Ron stared after her, his mouth open.
\par \'93No, we don\rquote t mind,\'94 he said. \'93You\rquote d think we dragged her along, wouldn\rquote t you?\'94
\par But Hermione had given Harry something else to think about as he climbed back into bed. The dog was guarding something}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4851394\charrsid4851394  What had Hagrid said? Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to hide \emdash  except perhaps Hog\-warts.
\par It looked as though Harry had found out where the grubby lit\-tle package from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 10
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 Halloween
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4540579 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 M}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 alfoy couldn\rquote t believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and Ron were still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful. Indeed, by the 
next morning Harry and Ron thought that meeting the three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite keen to have another one. In the meantime, Harry filled Ron in about the package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hog
warts, and they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy protection.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 \'93It\rquote s either really valuable or really dangerous,\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93Or both,\'94 said Harry.
\par But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that it was about two inches long, they didn\rquote t have much chance of guessing what it was without further clues.
\par Neither Neville nor Hermione showed the slightest interest in what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor. All Neville cared about was never going near the dog again.
\par Hermione was now refusing to speak to Harry and Ron, but she was such a bossy know-it-all that they saw this as an added bonus. All they really wanted now was a way of getting back at Malfoy, and to their great delight, just such a thing arrived in t
he mail about a week later.
\par As the owls flooded into the Great Hall as usual, everyone\rquote s at\-tention was caught at once by a long, thin package carried by six large screech owls. Harry was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in this large pa
rcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped it right in front of him, knocking his ba\-con to the floor. They had hardly fluttered out of the way when an\-other owl dropped a letter on top of the parcel.
\par Harry ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said:
\par 
\par DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE.
\par It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don\rquote t want everybody knowing you\rquote ve got a broomstick or they\rquote ll all want one. Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o\rquote clock for your first training ses
\-sion.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579 Professor M. McGonagall
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 
\par Harry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to read.
\par \'93A Nimbus Two Thousand!\'94 Ron moaned enviously. \'93I\rquote ve never even }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 touched}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579  one.\'94
\par They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy seized the package from Harry and felt it.
\par \'93That\rquote s a broomstick,\'94 he said, throwing it back to Harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face. \'93You\rquote ll be in for it this time, Potter, first years aren\rquote t allowed them.\'94
\par Ron couldn\rquote t resist it.
\par \'93It\rquote s not any old broomstick,\'94 he said, \'93it\rquote s a Nimbus Two Thou\-sand. What did you say you\rquote ve got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty?\'94 Ron grinned at Harry. \'93Comets look flashy, but they\rquote 
re not in the same league as the Nimbus.\'94
\par \'93What would you know about it, Weasley, you couldn\rquote t afford half the handle,\'94 Malfoy snapped back. \'93I suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig.\'94
\par Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Mal\-foy\rquote s elbow.
\par \'93Not arguing, I hope, boys?\'94 he squeaked.
\par \'93Potters been sent a broomstick, Professor,\'94 said Malfoy quickly.
\par \'93Yes, yes, that\rquote s right,\'94 said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry. \'93Professor McGonagall told me all about the special circumstances, Potter. And what model is it?\'94
\par \'93A Nimbus Two Thousand, sir,\'94 said Harry, fighting not to laugh at the look of horror on Malfoy\rquote s face. \'93And it\rquote s really thanks to Malfoy here that I\rquote ve got it,\'94 he added.
\par Harry and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy\rquote s obvious rage and confusion.
\par \'93Well, it\rquote s true,\'94 Harry chortled as they reached the top of the marble staircase, \'93If he hadn\rquote t stolen Neville\rquote s Remembrall I wouldn\rquote t be on the team}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 \'94
\par \'93So I suppose you think that\rquote s a reward for breaking rules?\'94 came an angry voice from just behind them. Hermione was stomping up the stairs, looking disapprovingly at the package in Harry\rquote s hand.
\par \'93I thought you weren\rquote t speaking to us?\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93Yes, don\rquote t stop now,\'94 said Ron, \'93its doing us so much good.\'94
\par Hermione marched away with her nose in the air.
\par Harry had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his lessons that day. It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broom\-stick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he\rquote 
d be learning to play that night. He bolted his din\-ner that evening without noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.
\par \'93Wow,\'94 Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Harry\rquote s bed\-spread.
\par Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it looked wonderful. Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold near the top.
\par As seven o\rquote clock drew nearer, Harry left the castle and set off in the dusk toward the Quidditch field. He\rquote d never been inside the stadium before. Hundreds of seats were raised in stands around th
e field so that the spectators were high enough to see what was going on. At either end of the field were three golden poles with hoops on the end. They reminded Harry of the little plastic sticks Muggle children blew bubbles through, except that they wer
e fifty feet high.
\par Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Harry mounted his broomstick and kicked off from the ground. What a feeling \emdash  he swooped in and out of the goal posts and then sped up and down the field. The Nimbus Two Thousand turned wherever he
 wanted at his lightest touch.
\par \'93Hey, Potter, come down!\'94
\par Oliver Wood had arrived. He was carrying a large wooden crate under his arm. Harry landed next to him.
\par \'93Very nice,\'94 said Wood, his eyes glinting. \'93I see what McGona\-gall meant }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579  you really are a natural. I\rquote m just going to teach you the rules this evening, then you\rquote ll be joining team practice three times a week.\'94
\par He opened the crate. Inside were four different-sized balls.
\par \'93Right,\'94 said Wood. \'93Now, Quidditch is easy enough to under\-stand, even if it\rquote s not too easy to play. There are seven players on each side. Three of them are called Chasers.\'94
\par \'93Three Chasers,\'94 Harry repeated, as Wood took out a bright red ball about the size of a soccer ball.
\par \'93This ball\rquote s called the Quaffle,\'94 said Wood. \'93The Chasers throw the Quaffle to each other and try and get it through one of the hoops to score a goal. Ten points every time the Quaffle goes through one of the hoops. Follow me?\'94
\par \'93The Chasers throw the Quaffle and put it through the hoops to score,\'94 Harry recited. \'93So \emdash  that\rquote s sort of like basketball on broomsticks with six hoops, isn\rquote t it?\'94
\par \'93What\rquote s basketball?\'94 said Wood curiously.
\par \'93Never mind,\'94 said Harry quickly.
\par \'93Now, there\rquote s another player on each side who\rquote s called the Keeper \emdash  I\rquote m Keeper for Gryffindor. I have to fly around our hoops and stop the other team from scoring.\'94
\par \'93Three Chasers, one Keeper,\'94 said Harry, who was determined to remember it all. \'93And they play with the Quaffle. Okay, got that. So what are they for?\'94 He pointed at the three balls left inside the box.
\par \'93I\rquote ll show you now,\'94 said Wood. \'93Take this.\'94
\par He handed Harry a small club, a bit like a short baseball bat.
\par \'93I\rquote m going to show you what the Bludgers do,\'94 Wood said. \'93These two are the Bludgers.\'94
\par He showed Harry two identical balls, jet black and slightly smaller than the red Quaffle. Harry noticed that they seemed to be straining to escape the straps holding them inside the box.
\par \'93Stand back,\'94 Wood warned Harry. He bent down and freed one of the Bludgers.
\par At once, the black ball rose high in the air and then pelted straight at Harry\rquote s face. Harry swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air \emdash 
 it zoomed around their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground.
\par \'93See?\'94 Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strapping it down safely. \'93The Bludgers rocket around, trying to knock players off their brooms. That\rquote s why you have two Beaters on each team \emdash 
 the Weasley twins are ours \emdash  it\rquote s their job to protect their side from the Bludgers and try and knock them toward the other team. So \emdash  think you\rquote ve got all that?\'94
\par \'93Three Chasers try and score with the Quaffle; the Keeper guards the goal posts; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from their team,\'94 Harry reeled off.
\par \'93Very good,\'94 said Wood.
\par \'93Er \emdash  have the Bludgers ever killed anyone?\'94 Harry asked, hop\-ing he sounded offhand.
\par \'93Never at Hogwarts. We\rquote ve had a couple of broken jaws but nothing worse than that. Now, the last member of the team is the Seeker. That\rquote s you. And you don\rquote t have to worry about the Quaffle or the Bludgers \emdash \'94
\par \'93\emdash  unless they crack my head open.\'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t worry, the Weasleys are more than a match for the Bludgers \emdash  I mean, they\rquote re like a pair of human Bludgers them\-selves.\'94
\par Wood reached into the crate and took out the fourth and last ball. Compared with the Quaffle and the Bludgers, it was tiny, about the size of a large walnut. It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver wings.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 This}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 \'94 said Wood, \'93is the Golden Snitch, and it\rquote s the most im\-portant ball of the lot. It\rquote s very hard to catch because it\rquote s so fast and difficult to see. It\rquote 
s the Seeker\rquote s job to catch it. You\rquote ve got to weave in and out of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Quaffle to get it before the other team\rquote 
s Seeker, because whichever Seeker catches the Snitch wins his team an extra hundred and fifty points, so they nearly always win. That\rquote s why Seekers get fouled so much. A game of Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it can go on for a
ges \emdash  I think the record is three months, they had to keep bringing on substitutes so the players could get some sleep.
\par \'93Well, that\rquote s it \emdash  any questions?\'94
\par Harry shook his head. He understood what he had to do all right, it was doing it that was going to be the problem.
\par \'93We won\rquote t practice with the Snitch yet,\'94 said Wood, carefully shutting it back inside the crate, \'93it\rquote s too dark, we might lose it. Let\rquote s try you out with a few of these.\'94
\par He pulled a bag of ordinary golf balls out of his pocket and a few minutes later, he and Harry were up in the air, Wood throwing the golf balls as hard as he could in every direction for Harry to catch.
\par Harry didn\rquote t miss a single one, and Wood was delighted. After half an hour, night had really fallen and they couldn\rquote t carry on.
\par \'93That Quidditch Cup\rquote ll have our name on it this year,\'94 said Wood happily as they trudged back up to the castle. \'93I wouldn\rquote t be surprised if you turn out better than Charlie Weasley, and he could have played for 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}England{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} if he hadn\rquote t gone off chasing dragons.\'94
\par 
\par Perhaps it was because he was now so busy, what with Quidditch practice three evenings a week on top of all his homework, but Harry could hardly believe it when he realized that he\rquote d already been at Hogwarts two months. The castle felt more like ho
me than {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname Street}}Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose} ever had. His lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had mastered the basics.
\par On Halloween morning they woke to the delicious smell of bak\-ing pumpkin wafting through the corridors. Even better, Professor F
litwick announced in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly, something they had all been dying to try since they\rquote d seen him make Neville\rquote s toad zoom around the class\-
room. Professor Flitwick put the class into pairs to practice. Harry\rquote 
s partner was Seamus Finnigan (which was a relief, because Neville had been trying to catch his eye). Ron, however, was to be working with Hermione Granger. It was hard to tell whether Ron or Hermione was angrier about this. She hadn\rquote t spoken to ei
ther of them since the day Harry\rquote s broomstick had arrived.
\par \'93Now, don\rquote t forget that nice wrist movement we\rquote ve been practic\-ing!\'94 squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as usual. \'93Swish and flick, remember, swish and flick. And sayin
g the magic words properly is very important, too \emdash  never forget Wizard Baruffio, who said \lquote s\rquote  instead of \lquote f\rquote  and found himself on the floor with a buffalo on his chest.\'94
\par It was very difficult. Harry and Seamus swished and flicked, but the feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the desktop. Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and set fire to it \emdash 
 Harry had to put it out with his hat.
\par Ron, at the next table, wasn\rquote t having much more luck.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 Wingardium Leviosa}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill.
\par \'93You\rquote re saying it wrong,\'94 Harry heard Hermione snap. \'93It\rquote s Wing-}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 gar}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 -dium Levi-}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 o}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 -sa, make the \lquote gar\rquote  nice and long.\'94
\par \'93You do it, then, if you\rquote re so clever,\'94 Ron snarled.
\par Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 Wingardium Leviosa}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 
\par Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their heads.
\par \'93Oh, well done!\'94 cried Professor Flitwick, clapping. \'93Everyone see here, Miss Granger\rquote s done it!\'94
\par Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class.
\par \'93It\rquote s no wonder no one can stand her,\'94 he said to Harry as they pushed their way into the crowded corridor, \'93she\rquote s a nightmare, honestly.\'94
\par Someone knocked into Harry as they hurried past him. It was Hermione. Harry caught a glimpse of her face \emdash  and was startled to see that she was in tears.
\par \'93I think she heard you.\'94
\par \'93So?\'94 said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable. \'93She must\rquote ve noticed she\rquote s got no friends.\'94
\par Hermione didn\rquote t turn up for the next class and wasn\rquote t seen all af\-ternoon. On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast, Harry and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that Hermione was crying in the girls
\rquote  bathroom and wanted to be left alone. Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Hal\-loween decorations put Hermione out of their minds.
\par A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, mak\-ing the candles in the pumpkins stutter. The feast appeared sud\-
denly on the golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet.
\par Harry was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face. Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore\rquote s chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, \'93
Troll \emdash  in the dun\-geons \emdash  thought you ought to know.\'94
\par He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.
\par There was an uproar. It took several purple firecrackers explod\-ing from the end of Professor Dumbledore\rquote s wand to bring silence.
\par \'93Prefects,\'94 he rumbled, \'93lead your Houses back to the dormito\-ries immediately!\'94
\par Percy was in his element.
\par \'93Follow me! Stick together, first years! No need to fear the troll if you follow my orders! Stay close behind me, now. Make way, first years coming through! Excuse me, I\rquote m a prefect!\'94
\par \'93How could a troll get in?\'94 Harry asked as they climbed the stairs.
\par \'93Don\rquote t ask me, they\rquote re supposed to be really stupid,\'94 said Ron. \'93Maybe Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke.\'94
\par They passed different groups of people hurrying in different di\-rections. As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry suddenly grabbed Ron\rquote s arm.
\par \'93I\rquote ve just thought \emdash  Hermione.\'94
\par \'93What about her?\'94
\par \'93She doesn\rquote t know about the troll.\'94
\par Ron bit his lip.
\par \'93Oh, all right,\'94 he snapped. \'93But Percy\rquote d better not see us.\'94
\par Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls\rquote  bathroom. They had just turned the corner when they heard quick footsteps behind them.
\par \'93Percy!\'94 hissed Ron, pulling Harry behind a large stone griffin.
\par Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but Snape. He crossed the corridor and disappeared from view.
\par \'93What\rquote s he doing?\'94 Harry whispered. \'93Why isn\rquote t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?\'94
\par \'93Search me.\'94
\par Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape\rquote s fading footsteps.
\par \'93He\rquote s heading for the third floor,\'94 Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.
\par \'93Can you smell something?\'94
\par Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.
\par And then they heard it \emdash  a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet. Ron pointed \emdash 
 at the end of a passage to the left, something huge was moving toward them. They shrank into the shadows and watched as it emerged into a patch of moon\-light.
\par It was a horrible sight. Twelve feet tall, its skin was a dull, gran\-ite gray
, its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head perched on top like a coconut. It had short legs thick as tree trunks with flat, horny feet. The smell coming from it was incredible. It was holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the
 floor because its arms were so long.
\par The troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside. It wag\-gled its long ears, making up its tiny mind, then slouched slowly into the room.
\par \'93The key\rquote s in the lock,\'94 Harry muttered. \'93We could lock it in.\'94
\par \'93Good idea,\'94 said Ron nervously.
\par They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasn\rquote t about to come out of it. With one great leap, Harry man\-aged to grab the key, slam the door, and lock it.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 Yes}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 
\par Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts stop \emdash  a high, petrified scream \emdash  and it was coming from the chamber they\rquote 
d just chained up.
\par \'93Oh, no,\'94 said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.
\par \'93It\rquote s the girls\rquote  bathroom!\'94 Harry gasped.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 Hermione}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579  they said together.
\par It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have? Wheeling around, they sprinted back to the door and turned the key, fumbling in their panic. Harry pulled the door open and they ran inside.
\par Hermione Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if she was about to faint. The troll was advancing on her, knocking the sinks off the walls as it went.
\par \'93Confuse it!\'94 Harry said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he threw it as hard as he could against the wall.
\par The troll stopped a few feet from Hermione. It lumbered around, blinking stupidly, to see what had made the noise. Its mean little eyes saw Harry. It hesitated, then made for him instead, lifting its club as it went.
\par \'93Oy, pea-brain!\'94 yelled Ron from the other side of the chamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it. The troll didn\rquote 
t even seem to notice the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.
\par \'93Come on, run, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 run}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 !\'94
 Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward the door, but she couldn\rquote t move, she was still flat against the wall, her mouth open with terror.
\par The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk. It roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to escape.
\par Harry then did something that was both very brave and very stu\-pid: He took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the troll\rquote s neck from behind. The troll couldn\rquote 
t feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose, and Harry\rquote s wand had still been in his hand when he\rquote d jumped \emdash  it had gone straight up one of the troll\rquote s nostrils.
\par Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.
\par Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand \emdash  not knowing what he was going to do he heard him\-self cry the first spell that came into his head: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 Wingardium Leviosa}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 
\par The club flew suddenly out of the troll\rquote s hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over \emdash  and dropped, with a sicken\-ing crack, onto its owner\rquote 
s head. The troll swayed on the spot and then fell flat on its face, with a thud that made the whole room tremble.
\par Harry got to his feet. He was shaking and out of breath. Ron was standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.
\par It was Hermione who spoke first.
\par \'93Is it \emdash  dead?\'94
\par \'93I don\rquote t think so,\'94 said Harry, \'93I think it\rquote s just been knocked out.\'94
\par He bent down and pulled his wand out of the troll\rquote s nose. It was covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue.
\par \'93Urgh - troll boogers.\'94
\par He wiped it on the troll\rquote s trousers.
\par A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up. They hadn\rquote t realized what a racket they had been making, but of course, someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll\rquote s roars. A moment la
ter, Professor McGonagall had come bursting into the room, closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly down on a toilet, clutching his heart.
\par Snape bent over the troll. Professor McGonagall was looking at Ron and Harry. Harry had never seen her look so angry. Her lips were white. Hopes of winning fifty points for Gryffindor faded quickly from Harry\rquote s mind.
\par \'93What on earth were you thinking of?\'94 said Professor McGona\-gall, with cold fury in her voice. Harry looked at Ron, who was still standing with his wand in the air. \'93You\rquote re lucky you weren\rquote t killed. Why aren\rquote 
t you in your dormitory?\'94
\par Snape gave Harry a swift, piercing look. Harry looked at the floor. He wished Ron would put his wand down.
\par Then a small voice came out of the shadows.
\par \'93Please, Professor McGonagall \emdash  they were looking for me.\'94
\par \'93Miss Granger!\'94
\par Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last.
\par \'93I went looking for the troll because I \emdash  I thought I could deal with it on my own \emdash  you know, because I\rquote ve read all about them.\'94
\par Ron dropped his wand. Hermione Granger, telling a downright lie to a teacher?
\par \'93If they hadn\rquote t found me, I\rquote d be dead now. Harry stuck his wand up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club. They didn\rquote t have time to come and fetch anyone. It was about to finish me off when they arrived.\'94
\par Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn\rquote t new to them.
\par \'93Well \emdash  in that case }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 \'94
 said Professor McGonagall, staring at the three of them, \'93Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?\'94
\par Hermione hung her head. Harry was speechless. Hermione was the last person to do anything against the rules, and here she was, pretending she had, to get them out of trouble. It was as if Snape had started handing out sweets.
\par \'93Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this,\'94 said Professor McGonagall. \'93I\rquote m very disappointed in you. If you\rquote re not hurt at all, you\rquote d better get off to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}Gryffindor{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}Tower{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}. Stu\-dents are finishing the feast in their Houses.\'94
\par Hermione left.
\par Professor McGonagall turned to Harry and Ron.
\par \'93Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have taken on a full-grown mountain troll. You each win Gryffindor five points. Professor Dumbledore will be informed of this. You may go.\'94
\par They hurried out of the chamber and didn\rquote t speak at all until they had climbed two floors up. It was a relief to be away from the smell of the troll, quite apart from anything else.
\par \'93We should have gotten more than ten points,\'94 Ron grumbled.
\par \'93Five, you mean, once she\rquote s taken off Hermione\rquote s.\'94
\par \'93Good of her to get us out of trouble like that,\'94 Ron admitted. \'93Mind you, we }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579 did}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4540579\charrsid4540579  save her.\'94
\par \'93She might not have needed saving if we hadn\rquote t locked the thing in with her,\'94 Harry reminded him.
\par They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady.
\par \'93Pig snout,\'94 they said and entered.
\par The common room was packed and noisy. Everyone was eating the food that had been sent up. Hermione, however, stood alone by the door, waiting for them. There was a very embarrassed pause. Then, none of them looking at each other, they all said \'93Thanks,
\'94 and hurried off to get plates.
\par But from that moment on, Hermione Granger became their friend. There are some things you can\rquote t share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 11
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 Quidditch
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4718644 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 A}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 s they entered November, the weather turned very cold. The mountains around the school became icy gray and the lake like chilled
 steel. Every morning the ground was covered in frost. Hagrid could be seen from the upstairs windows defrost\-ing broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin boots.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 The Quidditch se
ason had begun. On Saturday, Harry would be playing in his first match after weeks of training: Gryffindor versus Slytherin. If Gryffindor won, they would move up into second place in the House Championship.
\par Hardly anyone had seen Harry play because Wood had decided that, as their secret weapon, Harry should be kept, well, secret. But the news that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Harry didn\rquote t know which was worse \emdash 
 people telling him he\rquote d be brilliant or people telling him they\rquote d be running around under\-neath him holding a mattress.
\par It was really lucky that Harry now had Hermione as a friend. He didn\rquote t know how he\rquote d have gotten through all his homework with\-out her, what with all the last-minute Quidditch practice Wood was making them do. She had also lent him }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 Quidditch Through the Ages}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644  which turned out to be a very interesting read.
\par Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of commit\-ting a Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seeke
rs were usually the smallest and fastest players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to them; that although people rarely died play\-ing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.

\par Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer for it. The day before Harry\rquote 
s first Quidditch match the three of them were out in the freezing courtyard during break
, and she had conjured them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar. They were standing with their backs to it, getting warm, when Snape crossed the yard. Harry noticed at once that Snape was limping. Harry, Ron, and Hermione moved
 closer together to block the fire from view; they were sure it wouldn\rquote t be allowed. Unfortunately, something about their guilty faces caught Snape\rquote s eye. He limped over. He hadn\rquote 
t seen the fire, but he seemed to be looking for a reason to tell them off anyway.
\par \'93What\rquote s that you\rquote ve got there, Potter?\'94
\par It was }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 Quidditch Through the Ages}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644  Harry showed him.
\par \'93Library books are not to be taken outside the school,\'94 said Snape. \'93Give it to me. Five points from Gryffindor.\'94
\par \'93He\rquote s just made that rule up,\'94 Harry muttered angrily as Snape limped away. \'93Wonder what\rquote s wrong with his leg?\'94
\par \'93Dunno, but I hope it\rquote s really hurting him,\'94 said Ron bitterly.
\par 
\par The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat together next to a window. Hermione was checking Harry and Ron\rquote s Charms homework for them. She would never let them copy (\'93How will you learn?\'94
), but by asking her to read it through, they got the right answers anyway.
\par Harry felt restless. He wanted }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 Quidditch Through the Ages}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 
 back, to take his mind off his nerves about tomorrow. Why should he be afraid of Snape? Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was go\-ing to ask Snape if he could have it.
\par \'93Better you than me,\'94 they said together, but Harry had an idea that Snape wouldn\rquote t refuse if there were other teachers listening.
\par He made his way down to the staffroom and knocked. There was no answer. He knocked again. Nothing.
\par Perhaps Snape had left the book in there? It was worth a try. He pushed the door ajar and peered inside \emdash  and a horrible scene met his eyes.
\par Snape and Filch were inside, alone. Snape was holding his robes above his knees. One of his legs was bloody and mangled. Filch was handing Snape bandages.
\par \'93Blasted thing,\'94 Snape was saying. \'93How are you supposed to keep your eyes on all three heads at once?\'94
\par Harry tried to shut the door quietly, but \emdash 
\par \'93POTTER!\'94
\par Snape\rquote s face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to hide his leg. Harry gulped.
\par \'93I just wondered if I could have my book back.\'94
\par \'93GET OUT! }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 OUT}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 
\par Harry left, before Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor. He sprinted back upstairs.
\par \'93Did you get it?\'94 Ron asked as Harry joined them. \'93What\rquote s the matter?\'94
\par In a low whisper, Harry told them what he\rquote d seen.
\par \'93You know what this means?\'94 he finished breathlessly. \'93He tried to get past that three-headed dog at Halloween! That\rquote s where he was going when we saw him \emdash  he\rquote s after whatever it\rquote s guarding! And I\rquote 
d bet my broomstick }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 he}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 let that troll in, to make a diversion!\'94
\par Hermione\rquote s eyes were wide.
\par \'93No \emdash  he wouldn\rquote t,\'94 she said. \'93I know he\rquote s not very nice, but he wouldn\rquote t try and steal something Dumbledore was keeping safe.\'94
\par \'93Honestly, Hermione, you think all teachers are saints or some\-thing,\'94 snapped Ron. \'93I\rquote m with Harry. I wouldn\rquote t put anything past Snape. But what\rquote s he after? What\rquote s that dog guarding?\'94
\par Harry went to bed with his head buzzing with the same ques\-tion. Neville was snoring loudly, but Harry couldn\rquote t sleep. He tried to empty his mind \emdash  he needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quidditch match in a few hours \emdash 
 but the expression on Snape\rquote s face when Harry had seen his leg wasn\rquote t easy to forget.
\par 
\par The next morning dawned very bright and cold. The Great Hall was full of the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheerful chatter of everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match.
\par \'93You\rquote ve got to eat some breakfast.\'94
\par \'93I don\rquote t want anything.\'94
\par \'93Just a bit of toast,\'94 wheedled Hermione.
\par \'93I\rquote m not hungry.\'94
\par Harry felt terrible. In an hour\rquote s time he\rquote d be walking onto the field.
\par \'93Harry, you need your strength,\'94 said Seamus Finnigan. \'93Seek\-ers are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team.\'94
\par \'93Thanks, Seamus,\'94 said Harry, watching Seamus pile ketchup on his sausages.
\par 
\par By eleven o\rquote clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around the Quidditch pitch. Many students had binoculars. The seats might be raised high in the air, but it was still difficult to see what was going on sometimes.
\par Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in the top row. As a surprise for Harry, they had painted a large banner on one of the sheets Scabbers had ruined. It said }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 Potter for President}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644  and Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion underneath. Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors.
\par Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team were changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing in green).
\par Wood cleared his throat for silence.
\par \'93Okay, men,\'94 he said.
\par \'93And women,\'94 said Chaser Angelina Johnson.
\par \'93And women,\'94 Wood agreed. \'93This is it.\'94
\par \'93The big one,\'94 said Fred Weasley.
\par \'93The one we\rquote ve all been waiting for,\'94 said George.
\par \'93We know Oliver\rquote s speech by heart,\'94 Fred told Harry, \'93we were on the team last year.\'94
\par \'93Shut up, you two,\'94 said Wood. \'93This is the best team Gryf\-findor\rquote s had in years. We\rquote re going to win. I know it.\'94
\par He glared at them all as if to say, \'93Or else.\'94
\par \'93Right. Its time. Good luck, all of you.\'94
\par Harry followed Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping his knees weren\rquote t going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheers.
\par Madam Hooch was refereeing. She stood in the middle of the field waiting for the two teams, her broom in her hand.
\par \'93Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you,\'94 she said, once they were all gathered around her. Harry noticed that she seemed to be speaking particularly to the Slytherin Captain, Marcus Flint, a fifth year. Harry thought 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}Flint{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} looked as if he had some troll blood in him. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the fluttering banner high above, flashing }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 Potter for President}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644  over the crowd. His heart skipped. He felt braver.
\par \'93Mount your brooms, please.\'94
\par Harry clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand.
\par Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on her silver whistle.
\par Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air. They were off.
\par \'93And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor \emdash  what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather at\-tractive, too \emdash \'94
\par \'93{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}JORDAN{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}!\'94
\par \'93Sorry, Professor.\'94
\par The Weasley twins\rquote  friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commen\-tary for the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.
\par \'93And she\rquote s really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood\rquote s, last year only a reserve \emdash  back to Johnson and \emdash  no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Ca
ptain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes \emdash  Flint flying like an eagle up there \emdash  he\rquote s going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle \emdash  that\rquote 
s Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and \emdash  OUCH \emdash  that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger \emdash  Quaffle taken by the Slytherins \emdash  that\rquote 
s Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he\rquote s blocked by a second Bludger \emdash  sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can\rquote t tell which \emdash 
 nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes \emdash  she\rquote s really flying \emdash  dodges a speeding Bludger \emdash  the goal posts are ahead \emdash  
come on, now, Angelina \emdash  Keeper Bletch\-ley dives \emdash  misses \emdash  GRYFFINDORS SCORE!\'94
\par Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.
\par \'93Budge up there, move along.\'94
\par \'93Hagrid!\'94
\par Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.
\par \'93Bin watchin\rquote  from me hut,\'94 said Hagrid, patting a large pair of binoculars around his neck, \'93But it isn\rquote t the same as bein\rquote  in the crowd. No sign of the Snitch yet, eh?\'94
\par \'93Nope,\'94 said Ron. \'93Harry hasn\rquote t had much to do yet.\'94
\par \'93Kept outta trouble, though, that\rquote s somethin\rquote ,\'94 said Hagrid, rais\-ing his binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Harry.
\par Way up above them, Harry was gliding over the game, squinting about for some sign of the Snitch. This was part of his and Wood\rquote s game plan.
\par \'93Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch,\'94 Wood had said. \'93We don\rquote t want you attacked before you have to be.\'94
\par When Angelina had scored, Harry had done a couple of loop-the-loops to let off his feelings. Now he was back to staring around for the Snitch. Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of the Weasleys\rquote 
 wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chas\-ing after it.
\par \'93All right there, Harry?\'94 he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.
\par \'93Slytherin in possession,\'94 Lee Jordan was saying, \'93Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the \emdash  wait a moment \emdash  was that the Snitch?\'94
\par A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.
\par Harry saw it. In a great rush of excitement he dived downward after the streak of gold. Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs had seen it, too. Neck and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch \emdash 
 all the Chasers seemed to have forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to watch.
\par Harry was faster than Higgs \emdash  he could see the little round ball, wings fluttering, darting up ahead \emdash  he put on an extra spurt of speed \emdash 
\par WHAM! A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below \emdash  Marcus Flint had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry\rquote s broom spun off course, Harry holding on for dear life.
\par \'93Foul!\'94 screamed the Gryffindors.
\par Madam Hooch spoke angrily to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}Flint{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
 and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor. But in all the confusion, of course, the Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.
\par Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, \'93Send him off, ref! Red card!\'94
\par \'93What are you talking about, Dean?\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93Red card!\'94 said Dean furiously. \'93In soccer you get shown the red card and you\rquote re out of the game!\'94
\par \'93But this isn\rquote t soccer, Dean,\'94 Ron reminded him.
\par Hagrid, however, was on Dean\rquote s side.
\par \'93They oughta change the rules. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}Flint{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} coulda knocked Harry outta the air.\'94
\par Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.
\par \'93So \emdash  after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating \emdash \'94
\par \'93{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}Jordan{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}!\'94 growled Professor McGonagall.
\par \'93I mean, after that open and revolting foul \emdash \'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}Jordan{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}, I\rquote m warning you}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644  \emdash \'94
\par \'93All right, all right. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}Flint{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could happen to anyone, I\rquote 
m sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinnet, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor still in possession.\'94
\par It was as Harry dodged another Bludger, which went spinning dangerously past his head, that it happened. His broom gave a sud\-den, frightening lurch. For a split second, he thoug
ht he was going to fall. He gripped the broom tightly with both his hands and knees. He\rquote d never felt anything like that.
\par It happened again. It was as though the broom was trying to buck him off. But Nimbus Two Thousands did not suddenly de\-cide to buck their riders off. Harry tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal posts \emdash 
 he had half a mind to ask Wood to call time-out \emdash  and then he realized that his broom was completely out of his control. He couldn\rquote t turn it. He couldn\rquote t direct it at all. It was zi
gzagging through the air, and every now and then making vi\-olent swishing movements that almost unseated him.
\par Lee was still commentating.
\par \'93Slytherin in possession \emdash  Flint with the Quaffle \emdash  passes Spinnet \emdash  passes Bell \emdash  hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose \emdash  only joking, Professor \emdash  Slytherins score \emdash  oh no }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 \'94
\par The Slytherins were cheering. No one seemed to have noticed that Harry\rquote s broom was behaving strangely It was carrying him slowly higher, away from the game, jerking and twitching as it went.
\par \'93Dunno what Harry thinks he\rquote s doing,\'94 Hagrid mumbled. He stared through his binoculars. \'93If I didn\rquote  know better, I\rquote d say he\rquote d lost control of his broom }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644  but he can\rquote t have}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . 
\'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 \'94
\par Suddenly, people were pointing up at Harry all over the stands. His broom had started to roll over and over, with him only just managing to hold on. Then the whole crowd gasped. Harry\rquote 
s broom had given a wild jerk and Harry swung off it. He was now dangling from it, holding on with only one hand.
\par \'93Did something happen to it when {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}Flint{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} blocked him?\'94 Seamus whispered.
\par \'93Can\rquote t have,\'94 Hagrid said, his voice shaking. \'93Can\rquote t nothing in\-terfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic \emdash  no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.\'94
\par At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid\rquote s binoculars, but in\-stead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.
\par \'93What are you doing?\'94 moaned Ron, gray-faced.
\par \'93I knew it,\'94 Hermione gasped, \'93Snape \emdash  look.\'94
\par Ron grabbed the binoculars. Snape was in the middle of the stands opposite them. He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was mut\-tering nonstop under his breath.
\par \'93He\rquote s doing something \emdash  jinxing the broom,\'94 said Hermione.
\par \'93What should we do?\'94
\par \'93Leave it to me.\'94
\par Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared. Ron turned the binoculars back on Harry. His broom was vibrat\-
ing so hard, it was almost impossible for him to hang on much longer. The whole crowd was on its feet, watching, terrified, as the Weasleys flew up to try and pull Harry safely onto one of their brooms, but it was no good \emdash 
 every time they got near him, the broom would jump higher still. They dropped lower and cir\-cled beneath him, obviously hoping to catch him if he fell. Marcus Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.
\par \'93Come on, Hermione,\'94 Ron muttered desperately.
\par Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and was now racing along the row behind him; she didn\rquote t even stop to say sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in f
ront. Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a few, well-chosen words. Bright blue flames shot from her wand onto the hem of Snape\rquote s robes.
\par It took perhaps thirty seconds for Snape to realize that he was on fire. A sudden yelp told her she had done her job. Scooping the fire off him into a little jar in her pocket, she scrambled back along the row \emdash 
 Snape would never know what had happened.
\par It was enough. Up in the air, Harry was suddenly able to clam\-ber back on to his broom.
\par \'93Neville, you can look!\'94 Ron said. Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid\rquote s jacket for the last five minutes.
\par Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick \emdash  he hit the field on all fours \emdash  coughed \emdash  and something gold fell into his hand.
\par \'93I\rquote ve got the Snitch!\'94 he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.
\par \'93He didn\rquote t }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 catch}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644  it, he nearly }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 swallowed}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644  it,\'94 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}Flint{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} was still howl\-ing twenty minutes later, but it made no difference \emdash  Harry hadn\rquote t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results \emdash 
 Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty. Harry heard none of this, though. He was being made a cup of strong tea back in Hagrid\rquote s hut, with Ron and Hermione.
\par \'93It was Snape,\'94 Ron was explaining, \'93Hermione and I saw him. He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn\rquote t take his eyes off you.\'94
\par \'93Rubbish,\'94 said Hagrid, who hadn\rquote t heard a word of what had gone on next to him in the stands. \'93Why would Snape do some\-thin\rquote  like that?\'94
\par Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell him. Harry decided on the truth.
\par \'93I found out something about him,\'94 he told Hagrid. \'93He tried to get past that three-headed dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he was trying to steal whatever it\rquote s guarding.\'94
\par Hagrid dropped the teapot.
\par \'93How do you know about Fluffy?\'94 he said.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 Fluffy}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 ?\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 
\par \'93Yeah \emdash  he\rquote s mine \emdash  bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las\rquote  year \emdash  I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the \emdash \'94
\par \'93Yes?\'94 said Harry eagerly.
\par \'93Now, don\rquote t ask me anymore,\'94 said Hagrid gruffly. \'93That\rquote s top secret, that is.\'94
\par \'93But Snape\rquote s trying to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644 steal}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid4718644\charrsid4718644  it.\'94
\par \'93Rubbish,\'94 said Hagrid again. \'93Snape\rquote s a Hogwarts teacher, he\rquote d do nothin\rquote  of the sort.\'94
\par \'93So why did he just try and kill Harry?\'94 cried Hermione.
\par The afternoon\rquote s events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about Snape.
\par \'93I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, I\rquote ve read all about them! You\rquote ve got to keep eye contact, and Snape wasn\rquote t blinking at all, I saw him!\'94
\par \'93I\rquote m tellin\rquote  yeh, yer wrong!\'94 said Hagrid hotly. \'93I don\rquote  know why Harry\rquote s broom acted like that, but Snape wouldn\rquote  try an\rquote  kill a stu\-dent! Now, listen to me, all three of yeh \emdash  yer meddlin
\rquote  in things that don\rquote  concern yeh. It\rquote s dangerous. You forget that dog, an\rquote  you forget what it\rquote s guardin\rquote , that\rquote s between Professor Dumbledore an\rquote  Nicolas Flamel \emdash \'94
\par \'93Aha!\'94 said Harry, \'93so there\rquote s someone called Nicolas Flamel in\-volved, is there?\'94
\par Hagrid looked furious with himself.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 12
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 The Mirror Of Erised
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11798278 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 C}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 hristmas was coming. One morning in mid-December, Hogwarts woke to find itself covered in several feet of snow. The lake froze solid and the Weasley twins were punished for be\-
witching several snowballs so that they followed Quirrell aro
und, bouncing off the back of his turban. The few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by Hagrid before they could fly off again.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 No one could wait for the holidays to start. While the Gryf\-
findor common room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms. Worst of all were Professor Snape\rquote 
s classes down in the dungeons, where their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as possible to their hot caul\-drons.
\par \'93I do feel so sorry,\'94 said Draco Malfoy, one Potions class, \'93for all those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because they\rquote re not wanted at home.\'94
\par He was looking over at
 Harry as he spoke. Crabbe and Goyle chuckled. Harry, who was measuring out powdered spine of lion-fish, ignored them. Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch match. Disgusted that the Slytherins had lost, he had tried to get e
veryone laughing at how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replacing Harry as Seeker next. Then he\rquote d real\-ized that nobody found this funny, because they were all so im\-
pressed at the way Harry had managed to stay on his bucking broomstick. So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back to taunt\-ing Harry about having no proper family.
\par It was true that Harry wasn\rquote t going back to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname Street}}Privet Drive{\*\xmlclose} for Christmas. Professor McGonagall had come around the week be\-fore, making a list of students who would be staying for the holi\-
days, and Harry had signed up at once. He didn\rquote t feel sorry for himself at all; this would probably be the best Christmas he\rquote d ever had. Ron and his brothers were staying, too, because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were going to 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}Romania{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} to visit Charlie.
\par When they left the dungeons at the end of Potions, they found a large fir tree blocking the corridor ahead. Two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.
\par \'93Hi, Hagrid, want any help?\'94 Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches.
\par \'93Nah, I\rquote m all right, thanks, Ron.\'94
\par \'93Would you mind moving out of the way?\'94 came Malfoy\rquote s cold drawl from behind them. \'93Are you trying to earn some extra money, Weasley? Hoping to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose \emdash  that hut of Hagrid\rquote 
s must seem like a palace compared to what your family\rquote s used to.\'94
\par Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.
\par \'93WEASLEY!\'94
\par Ron let go of the front of Malfoy\rquote s robes.
\par \'93He was provoked, Professor Snape,\'94 said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree. \'93Malfoy was insultin\rquote  his family.\'94
\par \'93Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid,\'94 said Snape silkily. \'93Five points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it isn\rquote t more. Move along, all of you.\'94
\par Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scat\-tering needles everywhere and smirking.
\par \'93I\rquote ll get him,\'94 said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy\rquote s back, \'93one of these days, I\rquote ll get him \emdash \'94
\par \'93I hate them both,\'94 said Harry, \'93Malfoy and Snape.\'94
\par \'93Come on, cheer up, it\rquote s nearly Christmas,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93Tell yeh what, come with me an\rquote  see the Great Hall, looks a treat.\'94
\par So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off to the Great Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy with the Christmas decorations.
\par \'93Ah, Hagrid, the last tree \emdash  put it in the far corner, would you?\'94
\par The hall looked spectacular. Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christ\-mas trees stood around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering with hundreds of candles.
\par \'93How many days you got left until yer holidays?\'94 Hagrid asked.
\par \'93Just one,\'94 said Hermione. \'93And that reminds me \emdash  Harry, Ron, we\rquote ve got half an hour before lunch, we should be in the li\-brary.\'94
\par \'93Oh yeah, you\rquote re right,\'94 said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was trailing them over the branches of the new tree.
\par \'93The library?\'94 said Hagrid, following them out of the hall. \'93Just before the holidays? Bit keen, aren\rquote t yeh?\'94
\par \'93Oh, we\rquote re not working,\'94 Harry told him brightly. \'93Ever since you mentioned Nicolas Flamel we\rquote ve been trying to find out who he is.\'94
\par \'93You }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 what}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 ?\'94 Hagrid looked shocked. \'93Listen here 
\emdash  I\rquote ve told yeh \emdash  drop it. It\rquote s nothin\rquote  to you what that dog\rquote s guardin\rquote .\'94
\par \'93We just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, that\rquote s all,\'94 said Hermione.
\par \'93Unless you\rquote d like to tell us and save us the trouble?\'94 Harry added. \'93We must\rquote ve been through hundreds of books already and we can\rquote t find him anywhere \emdash  just give us a hint \emdash  I know I\rquote 
ve read his name somewhere.\'94
\par \'93I\rquote m sayin\rquote  nothin\rquote ,\'94 said Hagrid flatly.
\par \'93Just have to find out for ourselves, then,\'94 said Ron, and they left Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.
\par They had indeed been searching books for Flamel\rquote s name ever since Hagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape was trying to steal? The trouble was, it was very hard to know where to begin, not know
ing what Flamel might have done to get himself into a book. He wasn\rquote t in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 Great Wizards of the Twentieth Century,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  Notable Magical Names of Our Time}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 ; he was missing, too, from }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 Important Modern Magical Discoveries}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  and }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 A Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  And then, of course, there was the sheer size of the library; tens of thousands of books; thousands of shelves; hundreds of narrow rows.
\par Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to search while Ron strode off down a row of boo
ks and started pulling them off the shelves at random. Harry wandered over to the Restricted Section. He had been wondering for a while if Flamel wasn\rquote 
t somewhere in there. Unfortunately, you needed a specially signed note from one of the teachers to look in any of the restricted books, and he knew he\rquote 
d never get one. These were the books containing powerful Dark Magic never taught at Hogwarts, and only read by older students studying advanced Defense Against the Dark Arts.
\par \'93What are you looking for, boy?\'94
\par \'93Nothing,\'94 said Harry.
\par Madam Pince the librarian brandished a feather duster at him.
\par \'93You\rquote d better get out, then. Go on \emdash  out!\'94
\par Wishing he\rquote d been a bit quicker at thinking up some story, Harry left the library. He, Ron, and Hermione had already agreed they\rquote d better not ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel. They were sure she\rquote 
d be able to tell them, but they couldn\rquote t risk Snape hearing what they were up to.
\par Harry waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had found anything, but he wasn\rquote t very hopeful. They had been look\-ing for two weeks, after all, but as they only had odd moments be\-tween lessons it wasn\rquote t surprising they
\rquote d found nothing. What they really needed was a nice long search without Madam Pince breath\-ing down their necks.
\par Five minutes later, Ron and Hermione joined him, shaking their heads. They went off to lunch.
\par \'93You will keep looking while I\rquote m away, won\rquote t you?\'94 said Hermione. \'93And send me an owl if you find anything.\'94
\par \'93And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is,\'94 said Ron. \'93It\rquote d be safe to ask them.\'94
\par \'93Very safe, as they\rquote re both dentists,\'94 said Hermione.
\par 
\par Once the holidays had started, Ron and Harry were having too good a time to think much about Flamel. They had the dormitory to themselves and the common room 
was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the good armchairs by the fire. They sat by the hour eating anything they could spear on a toasting fork \emdash  bread, English muffins, marshmallows \emdash  and plotting ways of get\-
ting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk about even if they wouldn\rquote t work.
\par Ron also started teaching Harry wizard chess. This was exactly like Muggle chess except that the figures were alive, which made it a lot like directing troops in battle. Ron\rquote s set was very old and battered. Li
ke everything else he owned, it had once belonged to someone else in his family \emdash  in this case, his grandfather. However, old chessmen weren\rquote t a drawback at all. Ron knew them so well he never had trouble getting them to do what he wanted.

\par Harry played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didn\rquote t trust him at all. He wasn\rquote t a very good player yet and they kept shouting different bits of advice at him, which was confusing. \'93Don\rquote t send me there, can
\rquote t you see his knight? Send }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 him}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  we can afford to lose }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 him}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 \'94
\par On Christmas Eve, Harry went to bed looking forward to the next day for the food and the fun, but not expecting any presents at all. When he woke early in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a small pile of packages at the foot of his bed.

\par \'93Merry Christmas,\'94 said Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe.
\par \'93You, too,\'94 said Harry. \'93Will you look at this? I\rquote ve got some pre\-sents!\'94
\par \'93What did you expect, turnips?\'94 said Ron, turning to his own pile, which was a lot bigger than Harry\rquote s.
\par Harry picked up the top parcel. It was wrapped in thick brown paper and scrawled across it was To Harry, from Hagrid. Inside was a roughly cut wooden flute. Hagrid had obviously whittled it him\-self. Harry blew it \emdash  it sounded a bit like an owl.

\par A second, very small parcel contained a note.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 We received your message and enclose your Christmas present. From Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  Taped to the note was a fifty-pence piece.
\par \'93That\rquote s friendly,\'94 said Harry.
\par Ron was fascinated by the fifty pence.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 Weird}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  he said, \'93What a shape! This is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 money}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 ?\'94
\par \'93You can keep it,\'94 said Harry, laughing at how pleased Ron was. \'93Hagrid and my aunt and uncle \emdash  so who sent these?\'94
\par \'93I think I know who that one\rquote s from,\'94 said Ron, turning a bit pink and pointing to a very lumpy parcel. \'93My mom. I told her you didn\rquote t expect any presents and \emdash  oh, no,\'94 he groaned, \'93she\rquote 
s made you a Weasley sweater.\'94
\par Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.
\par \'93Every year she makes us a sweater,\'94 said Ron, unwrapping his own, \'93and mine\rquote s }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 always}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  maroon.\'94
\par \'93That\rquote s really nice of her,\'94 said Harry, trying the fudge, which was very tasty.
\par His next present also contained candy \emdash  a large box of Choco\-late Frogs from Hermione.
\par This only left one parcel. Harry picked it up and felt it. It was very light. He unwrapped it.
\par Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming folds. Ron gasped.
\par \'93I\rquote ve heard of those,\'94 he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of Every Flavor Beans he\rquote d gotten from Hermione. \'93If that\rquote s what I think it is \emdash  they\rquote re really rare, and }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 really}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  valuable.\'94
\par \'93What is it?\'94
\par Harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor. It was strange to the touch, like water woven into material.
\par \'93It\rquote s an Invisibility Cloak,\'94 said Ron, a look of awe on his face. \'93I\rquote m sure it is \emdash  try it on.\'94
\par Harry threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell.
\par \'93It }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 is}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 ! Look down!\'94
\par Harry looked down at his feet, but they were gone. He dashed to the mirror. Sure enough, his reflection looked back at him, just his head suspended in midair, his body completely invisible. He pulled the cloak over his head and his reflection vanished com
\-pletely.
\par \'93There\rquote s a note!\'94 said Ron suddenly. \'93A note fell out of it!\'94
\par Harry pulled off the cloak and seized the letter. Written in nar\-row, loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 Your father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was returned to you.
\par Use it well.
\par A Very Merry Christmas to you.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 
\par There was no signature. Harry stared at the note. Ron was admir\-ing the cloak.
\par \'93I\rquote d give }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 anything}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  for one of these,\'94
 he said. \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 Anything}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  What\rquote s the matter?\'94
\par \'93Nothing,\'94 said Harry. He felt very strange. Who had sent the cloak? Had it really once belonged to his father?
\par Before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung open and Fred and George Weasley bounded in. Harry stuffed the cloak quickly out of sight. He didn\rquote t feel like sharing it with anyone else yet.
\par \'93Merry Christmas!\'94
\par \'93Hey, look \emdash  Harry\rquote s got a Weasley sweater, too!\'94
\par Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on it, the other a G.
\par \'93Harry\rquote s is better than ours, though,\'94 said Fred, holding up Harry\rquote s sweater. \'93She obviously makes more of an effort if you\rquote re not family.\'94
\par \'93Why aren\rquote t you wearing yours, Ron?\'94 George demanded. \'93Come on, get it on, they\rquote re lovely and warm.\'94
\par \'93I hate maroon,\'94 Ron moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head.
\par \'93You haven\rquote t got a letter on yours,\'94 George observed. \'93I suppose she thinks you don\rquote t forget your name. But we\rquote re not stupid \emdash  we know we\rquote re called Gred and Forge.\'94
\par \'93What\rquote s all this noise?\'94
\par Percy Weasley stuck his head through the door, looking disap\-proving. He had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which Fred seized.
\par \'93P for prefect! Get it on, Percy, come on, we\rquote re all wearing ours, even Harry got one.\'94
\par \'93I \emdash  don\rquote t \emdash  want \emdash \'94 said Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater over his head, knocking his glasses askew.
\par \'93And you\rquote re not sitting with the prefects today, either,\'94 said George. \'93Christmas is a time for family.\'94
\par They frog-marched Percy from the room, his arms pinned to his side by his sweater.
\par 
\par Harry had never in all his life had such a Christmas dinner. A hun\-dred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce \emdash 
 and stacks of wizard crack
ers every few feet along the table. These fantastic party favors were nothing like the feeble Muggle ones the Dursleys usually bought, with their little plastic toys and their flimsy paper hats inside. Harry pulled a wizard cracker with Fred and it didn
\rquote t just bang, it went off with a blast like a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the inside exploded a rear admiral\rquote 
s hat and several live, white mice. Up at the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizard\rquote s hat for a flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick had just read him.
\par Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey. Percy nearly broke his teeth on a silver Sickle embedded in his slice. Harry watched Hagrid getting redder and redder
 in the face as he called for more wine, finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry\rquote s amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lop\-sided.
\par When Harry finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of things out of the cracke
rs, including a pack of non-explodable, luminous balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set. The white mice had disappeared and Harry had a nasty feeling they were going to end up as Mrs. Nor\-ris\rquote s Christmas dinner.

\par Harry and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furi\-ous snowball fight on the grounds. Then, cold, wet, and gasping for breath, they returned to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Harry broke in his new chess set by losing spectacu\-
larly to Ron. He suspected he wouldn\rquote t have lost so badly if Percy hadn\rquote t tried to help him so much.
\par After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and Christ\-mas cake, everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor Tower because they\rquote d stolen his prefect badge.

\par It had been Harry\rquote s best Christmas day ever. Yet something had been nagging at the back of his mind all day. Not until he climbed into bed was he free to think about it: the Invisibility Cloak and whoever had sent it.
\par Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him, fell asleep almost as soon as he\rquote d drawn the curtains of his four-poster. Harry leaned over the side of his own bed and pulled the cloak out from under it.
\par His father\rquote s }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  this had been his father\rquote 
s. He let the material flow over his hands, smoother than silk, light as air. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 Use it well}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  the note had said.
\par He had to try it, now. He slipped out of bed and wrapped the cloak around himself. Looking down at his legs, he saw only moon\-light and shadows. It was a very funny feeling.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 Use it well.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 
\par Suddenly, Harry felt wide-awake. The whole of Hogwarts was open to him in this cloak. Excitement flooded through him as he stood there in the dark and silence. He could go anywhere in this, anywhere, and Filch would never know.
\par Ron grunted in his sleep. Should Harry wake him? Something held him back \emdash  his father\rquote s cloak \emdash  he felt that this time \emdash  the first time \emdash  he wanted to use it alone.
\par He crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the com\-mon room, and climbed through the portrait hole.
\par \'93Who\rquote s there?\'94 squawked the Fat Lady. Harry said nothing. He walked quickly down the corridor.
\par Where should he go? He stopped, his heart racing, and thought. And then it came to him. The Restricted Section in the library. He\rquote 
d be able to read as long as he liked, as long as it took to find out who Flamel was. He set off, drawing the Invisibility Cloak tight around him as he walked.
\par The library was pitch-black and very eerie. Harry lit a lamp to see his way along the rows of books. The lamp looked as if it was floating along in midair, and even though Harry could feel his arm supporting it, the sight gave him the creeps.
\par The Restricted Section was right at the back of the library. Stepping carefully over the rope that separated these books from the rest of the library, he held up his lamp to read the titles.
\par They didn\rquote t tell him much. Their peeling, faded gold letters spelled words in languages Harry couldn\rquote t understand. Some had no title at all. One book had a dark stain on it that looked horribly like blood. The hairs on the back of Harry
\rquote s neck prickled. Maybe he was imagining it, maybe not, but he thought a faint whispering was coming from the books, as though they knew someone was there who shouldn\rquote t be.
\par He had to start somewhere. Setting the lamp down carefully on the floor, he looked along the bottom shelf for an interesting-looking book. A large black and silver volume caught his eye. He pulled it out with difficulty, b
ecause it was very heavy, and, balanc\-ing it on his knee, let it fall open.
\par A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence \emdash  the book was screaming! Harry snapped it shut, but the shriek went on and on, one high, unbroken, earsplitting note. He stumble
d backward and knocked over his lamp, which went out at once. Panicking, he heard footsteps coming down the corridor outside \emdash  stuffing the shrieking book back on the shelf, he ran for it. He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch\rquote 
s pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch\rquote s outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book\rquote s shrieks still ringing in his ears.
\par He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor. He had been so busy getting away from the library, he hadn\rquote t paid attention to where he was going. Perhaps because it was dark, he didn\rquote t rec\-
ognize where he was at all. There was a suit of armor near the kitchens, he knew, but he must be five floors above there.
\par \'93You asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was wandering around at night, and somebody\rquote s been in the library \emdash  Restricted Section.\'94
\par Harry felt the blood drain out of his face. Wherever he was, Filch must know a shortcut, because his soft, greasy voice was get\-ting nearer, and to his horror, it was Snape who replied, \'93The Re\-stricted Section? Well, they can\rquote t be far, we
\rquote ll catch them.\'94
\par Harry stood rooted to the spot as Filch and Snape came around the corner ahead. They couldn\rquote t see him, of course, but it was a nar\-row corridor and if they came much nearer they\rquote d knock right into him \emdash  the cloak didn\rquote 
t stop him from being solid.
\par He backed away as quietly as he could. A door stood ajar to his left. It was his only hope. He squeezed through it, holding his breath, trying not to move it, and to his relief he managed to get in\-
side the room without their noticing anything. They walked straight past, and Harry leaned against the wall, breathing deeply, listening to their footsteps dying away. That had been close, very close. It was a few se
conds before he noticed anything about the room he had hidden in.
\par It looked like an unused classroom. The dark shapes of desks and chairs were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper basket \emdash  but propped against the wall facing him was something that didn\rquote 
t look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone had just put it there to keep it out of the way.
\par It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet. There was an inscription carved around the top: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 
\par His panic fading now that there was no sound of Filch and Snape, Harry moved nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at him\-self but see no reflection again. He stepped in front of it.
\par He had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop himself from screaming. He whirled around. His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the book had screamed \emdash  for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but a whole crowd of people sta
nding right behind him.
\par But the room was empty. Breathing very fast, he turned slowly back to the mirror.
\par There he was, reflected in it, white and scared-looking, and there, reflected behind him, were at least ten others. Harry looked over his shoulder \emdash  but still, no one was there. Or were they all in\-
visible, too? Was he in fact in a room full of invisible people and this mirrors trick was that it reflected them, invisible or not?
\par He looked in the mirror again. A woman standing right behind his reflection was smiling at him and waving. He reached out a hand and felt the air behind him. If she was really there, he\rquote 
d touch her, their reflections were so close together, but he felt only air \emdash  she and the others existed only in the mirror.
\par She was a very pretty woman. She had dark red hair and her eyes \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 her eyes are just like mine}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  Harry thought, edging a little closer to the glass. Bright green \emdash 
 exactly the same shape, but then he noticed that she was crying; smiling, but crying at the same time. The tall, t
hin, black-haired man standing next to her put his arm around her. He wore glasses, and his hair was very untidy. It stuck up at the back, just as Harry\rquote s did.
\par Harry was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching that of his reflection.
\par \'93Mom?\'94 he whispered. \'93Dad?\'94
\par They just looked at him, smiling. And slowly, Harry looked into the faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as though he had Harry\rquote s knobbly knees 
\emdash  Harry was looking at his family, for the first time in his life.
\par The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared hungrily back at them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping to fall right through it and reach them. He had a pow\-
erful kind of ache inside him, half joy, half terrible sadness.
\par How long he stood there, he didn\rquote t know. The reflections did not fade and he looked and looked until a distant noise brought him back to his senses. He couldn\rquote t stay her
e, he had to find his way back to bed. He tore his eyes away from his mother\rquote s face, whis\-pered, \'93I\rquote ll come back,\'94 and hurried from the room.
\par 
\par \'93You could have woken me up,\'94 said Ron, crossly.
\par \'93You can come tonight, I\rquote m going back, I want to show you the mirror.\'94
\par \'93I\rquote d like to see your mom and dad,\'94 Ron said eagerly.
\par \'93And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you\rquote ll be able to show me your other brothers and everyone.\'94
\par \'93You can see them any old time,\'94 said Ron. \'93Just come round my house this summer. Anyway, maybe it only shows dead people. Shame about not finding Flamel, though. Have some bacon or something, why aren\rquote t you eating anything?\'94
\par Harry couldn\rquote t eat. He had seen his parents and would be seeing them again tonight. He had almost forgotten about Flamel. It didn\rquote 
t seem very important anymore. Who cared what the three-headed dog was guarding? What did it matter if Snape stole it, really?
\par \'93Are you all right?\'94 said Ron. \'93You look odd.\'94
\par 
\par What Harry feared most was that he might not be able to find the mirror room again. With Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much more slowly the next night. They tried retracing Harry\rquote 
s route from the library, wandering around the dark passage\-ways for nearly an hour.
\par \'93I\rquote m freezing,\'94 said Ron. \'93Let\rquote s forget it and go back.\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 No}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 !\'94 Harry hissed. \'93I know it\rquote 
s here somewhere.\'94
\par They passed the ghost of a tall witch gliding in the opposite di\-rection, but saw no one else. Just as Ron started moaning that his feet were dead with cold, Harry spotted the suit of armor.
\par \'93It\rquote s here \emdash  just here \emdash  yes!\'94
\par They pushed the door open. Harry dropped the cloak from around his shoulders and ran to the mirror.
\par There they were. His mother and father beamed at the sight of him.
\par \'93See?\'94 Harry whispered.
\par \'93I can\rquote t see anything.\'94
\par \'93Look! Look at them all }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  there are loads of them}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 \'94
\par \'93I can only see you.\'94
\par \'93Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am.\'94
\par Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn\rquote t see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.
\par Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.
\par \'93Look at me!\'94 he said.
\par \'93Can you see all your family standing around you?\'94
\par \'93No \emdash  I\rquote m alone \emdash  but I\rquote m different \emdash  I look older \emdash  and I\rquote m Head Boy!\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 What}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 ?\'94
\par \'93I am \emdash  I\rquote m wearing the badge like Bill used to \emdash  and I\rquote m holding the House Cup and the Quidditch Cup \emdash  I\rquote m Quidditch captain, too!\'94
\par Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry.
\par \'93Do you think this mirror shows the future?\'94
\par \'93How can it? All my family are dead \emdash  let me have another look \emdash \'94
\par \'93You had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time.\'94
\par \'93You\rquote re only holding the Quidditch Cup, what\rquote s interesting about that? I want to see my parents.\'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t push me \emdash \'94
\par A sudden noise outside in the corridor put an end to their dis\-cussion. They hadn\rquote t realized how loudly they had been talking.
\par \'93Quick!\'94
\par Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. Norris came round the door. Ron and Harry stood quite still, both thinking the same thing \emdash  did the cloak work on cats? After what seemed an age, she turned and left.
\par \'93This isn\rquote t safe \emdash  she might have gone for Filch, I bet she heard us. Come on.\'94
\par And Ron pulled Harry out of the room.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 The snow still hadn\rquote t melted the next morning.
\par \'93Want to play chess, Harry?\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93No.\'94
\par \'93Why don\rquote t we go down and visit Hagrid?\'94
\par \'93No }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278  you go }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 \'94
\par \'93I know what you\rquote re thinking about, Harry, that mirror. Don\rquote t go back tonight.\'94
\par \'93Why not?\'94
\par \'93I dunno, I\rquote ve just got a bad feeling about it \emdash  and anyway, you\rquote ve had too many close shaves already. Filch, Snape, and Mrs. Norris are wandering around. So what if they can\rquote 
t see you? What if they walk into you? What if you knock something over?\'94
\par \'93You sound like Hermione.\'94
\par \'93I\rquote m serious, Harry, don\rquote t go.\'94
\par But Harry only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in front of the mirror, and Ron wasn\rquote t going to stop him.
\par 
\par That third night he found his way more quickly than before. He was walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he didn\rquote t meet anyone.
\par And there were his mother and father smiling at him again, and one of his grandfathers nodding happily. Harry sank down to sit on the floor in front of the mirror. There was nothing to stop him from staying here all night with his family. Nothing at all.

\par Except \emdash 
\par \'93So \emdash  back again, Harry?\'94
\par Harry felt as though his insides had turned to ice. He looked be\-hind him. Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than Albus Dumbledore. Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadn\rquote t noti
ced him.
\par \'93I \emdash  I didn\rquote t see you, sir.\'94
\par \'93Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you,\'94 said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.
\par \'93So,\'94 said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry, \'93you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.\'94
\par \'93I didn\rquote t know it was called that, sir.\'94
\par \'93But I expect you\rquote ve realized by now what it does?\'94
\par \'93It \emdash  well \emdash  it shows me my family \emdash \'94
\par \'93And it showed your friend Ron himself as Head Boy.\'94
\par \'93How did you know \emdash  ?\'94
\par \'93I don\rquote t need a cloak to become invisible,\'94 said Dumbledore gently. \'93Now, can you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?\'94
\par Harry shook his head.
\par \'93Let me explain. The happiest man on earth would be able to use the Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror, that is, he would look into it and see himself exactly as he is. Does that help?\'94
\par Harry thought. Then he said slowly, \'93It shows us what we want }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 
 whatever we want }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 \'94
\par \'93Yes and no,\'94 said Dumbledore quietly. \'93It shows us nothing
 more or less than the deepest, most desperate desire of our hearts. You, who have never known your family, see them standing around you. Ronald Weasley, who has always been overshadowed by his brothers, sees himself standing alone, the best of all of the
m. How\-ever, this mirror will give us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away before it, entranced by what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is real or even possible.
\par \'93The Mirror will be moved to a new home tomorrow, Harry, and I ask you not to go looking for it again. If you ever }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 do }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid11798278\charrsid11798278 run across it, you will now be prepared. It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that. Now, why don\rquote t you put that admirable cloak back on and get off to bed?
\'94
\par Harry stood up.
\par \'93Sir \emdash  Professor Dumbledore? Can I ask you something?\'94
\par \'93Obviously, you\rquote ve just done so,\'94 Dumbledore smiled. \'93You may ask me one more thing, however.\'94
\par \'93What do you see when you look in the mirror?\'94
\par \'93I? I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks.\'94
\par Harry stared.
\par \'93One can never have enough socks,\'94 said Dumbledore. \'93An\-other Christmas has come and gone and I didn\rquote t get a single pair. People will insist on giving me books.\'94
\par It was only when he was back in bed that it struck Harry that Dumbledore might not have been quite truthful. But then, he thought, as he shoved Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 13
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 Nicholas Flamel
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12980554 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 D}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 umbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for 
the rest of the Christmas holidays the Invisibility Cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk. Harry wished he could forget what he\rquote d seen in the mirror as easily, but he couldn\rquote 
t. He started having nightmares. Over and over again he dreamed about his parents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high voice cackled with laughter.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 \'93You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad,\'94 said Ron, when Harry told him about these dreams.
\par Hermione, who came back the day before term started, took a different view of things. She was torn between horror at the idea of Harry being out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row (\'93If Filch had caught you!\'94
), and disappointment that he hadn\rquote t at least found out who Nicolas Flamel was.
\par They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a library book, even though Harry was still sure he\rquote 
d read the name somewhere. Once term had started, they were back to skimming through books for ten minutes during their breaks. Harry had even less time than the other two, because Quidditch practice had started again.
\par Wood was working the team harder than ever. Even the endless rain that had replaced the snow couldn\rquote t dampen his spirits. The Weasleys complained that Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Harry was on Wood\rquote 
s side. If they won their next match, against Hufflepuff, they would overtake Slytherin in the House Champi\-onship for the first time in seven years. Quite apart from wanting to win, Harry found that he had fewer nightmares when he was tired o
ut after training.
\par Then, during one particularly wet and muddy practice session, Wood gave the team a bit of bad news. He\rquote d just gotten very angry with the Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pre\-tending to fall off their brooms.
\par \'93Will you stop messing around!\'94 he yelled. \'93That\rquote s exactly the sort of thing that\rquote ll lose us the match! Snape\rquote s refereeing this time, and he\rquote ll be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!\'94
\par George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 Snape\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  refereeing?\'94
 he spluttered through a mouthful of mud. \'93When\rquote s he ever refereed a Quidditch match? He\rquote s not going to be fair if we might overtake Slytherin.\'94
\par The rest of the team landed next to George to complain, too.
\par \'93It\rquote s not }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 my}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  fault,\'94 said Wood. \'93We
\rquote ve just got to make sure we play a clean game, so Snape hasn\rquote t got an excuse to pick on us.\'94
\par Which was all very well, thought Harry, but he had another rea\-son for not wanting Snape near him while he was playing Quid\-ditch}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 
\par The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the end of practice, but Harry headed straight back to the Gryf\-
findor common room, where he found Ron and Hermione playing chess. Chess was the only thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and Ron thought was very good for her.
\par \'93Don\rquote t talk to me for a moment,\'94 said Ron when Harry sat down next to him, \'93I need to concen-\'94 He caught sight of Harry\rquote s face. \'93What\rquote s the matter with you? You look terrible.\'94
\par Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Harry told the other two about Snape\rquote s sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.
\par \'93Don\rquote t play,\'94 said Hermione at once.
\par \'93Say you\rquote re ill,\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93Pretend to break your leg,\'94 Hermione suggested.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 Really}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  break your leg,\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93I can\rquote t,\'94 said Harry. \'93There isn\rquote t a reserve Seeker. If I back out, Gryffindor can\rquote t play at all.\'94
\par At that moment Neville toppled into the common room. How he had managed to climb through the portrait hole was anyone\rquote s guess, because his legs had been stuck together with what they recogn
ized at once as the Leg-Locker Curse. He must have had to bunny hop all the way up to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}Gryffindor{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}Tower{\*\xmlclose}
{\*\xmlclose}.
\par Everyone fell over laughing except Hermione, who leapt up and performed the countercurse. Neville\rquote s legs sprang apart and he got to his feet, trembling.
\par \'93What happened?\'94 Hermione asked him, leading him over to sit with Harry and Ron.
\par \'93Malfoy,\'94 said Neville shakily. \'93I met him outside the library. He said he\rquote d been looking for someone to practice that on.\'94
\par \'93Go to Professor McGonagall!\'94 Hermione urged Neville. \'93Re\-port him!\'94
\par Neville shook his head.
\par \'93I don\rquote t want more trouble,\'94 he mumbled.
\par \'93You\rquote ve got to stand up to him, Neville!\'94 said Ron. \'93He\rquote s used to walking all over people, but that\rquote s no reason to lie down in front of him and make it easier.\'94
\par \'93There\rquote s no need to tell me I\rquote m not brave enough to be in Gryffindor, Malfoy\rquote s already done that,\'94 Neville choked out.
\par Harry felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog, the very last one from the box Hermione had given him for Christmas. He gave it to Neville, who looked as though he might cry.
\par \'93You\rquote re worth twelve of Malfoy,\'94 Harry said. \'93The Sorting Hat chose you for Gryffindor, didn\rquote t it? And where\rquote s Malfoy? In stink\-ing Slytherin.\'94
\par Neville\rquote s lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.
\par \'93Thanks, Harry }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  I think I\rquote ll go to bed}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  D\rquote you want the card, you collect them, don\rquote t you?\'94
\par As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card.
\par \'93Dumbledore again,\'94 he said, \'93He was the first one I ever \emdash \'94
\par He gasped. He stared at the back of the card. Then he looked up at Ron and Hermione.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 I\rquote ve found him}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  he whispered. \'93I\rquote ve found Flamel! I }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 told}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  you I\rquote 
d read the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming here \emdash  listen to this: \lquote Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the Dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon\rquote s blood, }
{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 
\rquote !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 
\par Hermione jumped to her feet. She hadn\rquote t looked so excited since they\rquote d gotten back the marks for their very first piece of homework.
\par \'93Stay there!\'94 she said, and she sprinted up the stairs to the girls\rquote  dormitories. Harry and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.
\par \'93I never thought to look in here!\'94 she whispered excitedly. \'93I got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading.\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 Light}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 ?\'94
 said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she\rquote d looked something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages, muttering to herself.
\par At last she found what she was looking for.
\par \'93I knew it! I }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 knew}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  it!\'94
\par \'93Are we allowed to speak yet?\'94 said Ron grumpily. Hermione ig\-nored him.
\par \'93Nicolas Flamel,\'94 she whispered dramatically, \'93is the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 only known maker of the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 !\'94
\par This didn\rquote t have quite the effect she\rquote d expected.
\par \'93The what?\'94 said Harry and Ron.
\par \'93Oh, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 honestly}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  don\rquote t you two read? Look \emdash  read that, there.\'94
\par She pushed the book toward them, and Harry and Ron read:
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 The ancient study of alchemy is concerned with mak\-ing the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone, a legendary substance with as\-
tonishing powers. The Stone will transform any metal into pure gold. It also produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 There have been many reports of the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone over the 
centuries, but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover. Mr. Flamel, who cele\-brated his six hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year, enjoys a quiet life in 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Devon{\*\xmlclose} with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight).}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 
\par 
\par \'93See?\'94 said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished. \'93The dog must be guarding Flamel\rquote s Sorcerer\rquote s Stone! I bet he asked Dumbledore to keep it safe for him, because they\rquote re friends and he knew someone was after it, that
\rquote s why he wanted the Stone moved out of Gringotts!\'94
\par \'93A stone that makes gold and stops you from ever dying!\'94 said Harry. \'93No wonder Snape\rquote s after it! }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 Anyone }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 would want it.\'94
\par \'93And no wonder we couldn\rquote t find Flamel in that }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 said Ron. \'93He\rquote s not exactly recent if he\rquote s six hundred and sixty-five, is he?\'94
\par 
\par The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copy\-ing down different ways of treating werewolf bites, Harry and Ron were still discussing what they\rquote d do with a Sorcerer\rquote s Stone if they had one. It wasn\rquote t until Ron said he
\rquote d buy his own Quidditch team that Harry remembered about Snape and the coming match.
\par \'93I\rquote m going to play,\'94 he told Ron and Hermione. \'93If I don\rquote t, all the Slytherins will think I\rquote m just too scared to face Snape. I\rquote ll show them }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  it\rquote ll really wipe the smiles off their faces if we win.\'94
\par \'93Just as long as we\rquote re not wiping you off the field,\'94 said Her\-mione.
\par 
\par As the match drew nearer, however, Harry became more and more nervous, whatever he told Ron and Hermione. The rest of the team wasn\rquote 
t too calm, either. The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the House Championship was wonderful, no one had done it for seven years, but would they be allowed to, with such a biased referee?
\par Harry didn\rquote t know whether he
 was imagining it or not, but he seemed to keep running into Snape wherever he went. At times, he even wondered whether Snape was following him, trying to catch him on his own. Potions lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, Snape was so horri
ble to Harry. Could Snape possibly know they\rquote d found out about the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone? Harry didn\rquote t see how he could \emdash  yet he sometimes had the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds.
\par 
\par Harry knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the next afternoon, that Ron and Hermione were wonder\-ing whether they\rquote d ever see him alive again. This wasn\rquote t what you\rquote 
d call comforting. Harry hardly heard a word of Wood\rquote s pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.
\par Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to Neville, who couldn\rquote 
t understand why they looked so grim and worried, or why they had both brought their wands to the match. Little did Harry know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker Curse. They\rquote 
d gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.
\par \'93Now, don\rquote t forget, it\rquote s }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 Locomotor Mortis}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 \'94 Hermione muttered as Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve.
\par \'93I }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 know,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 \'94 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 Ron snapped. \'93Don\rquote t nag.\'94
\par Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Harry aside.
\par \'93Don\rquote t want to pressure you, Potter, but if we ever need an early capture of the Snitch it\rquote s now. Finish the game before Snape can fa\-vor Hufflepuff too much.\'94
\par \'93The whole school\rquote s out there!\'94 said Fred Weasley, peering out of the door. \'93Even \emdash  blimey \emdash  Dumbledore\rquote s come to watch!\'94
\par Harry\rquote s heart did a somersault.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 Dumbledore}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 ?\'94
 he said, dashing to the door to make sure. Fred was right. There was no mistaking that silver beard.
\par Harry could have laughed out loud with relief. He was safe. There was simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was watching.
\par Perhaps that was why Snape was looking so angry as the teams marched onto the field, something that Ron noticed, too.
\par \'93I\rquote ve never seen Snape look so mean,\'94 he told Hermione. \'93Look \emdash  they\rquote re off. Ouch!\'94
\par Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head. It was Malfoy.
\par \'93Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn\rquote t see you there.\'94
\par Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle.
\par \'93Wonder how long Potter\rquote s going to stay on his broom this time? Anyone want a bet? What about you, Weasley?\'94
\par Ron didn\rquote t answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him. Hermione, who had
 all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.
\par \'93You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?\'94 said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all. \'93It\rquote s people they feel sorry for. See, there\rquote s Potter, who
\rquote s got no parents, then there\rquote s the Weasleys, who\rquote ve got no money \emdash  you should be on the team, Longbottom, you\rquote ve got no brains.\'94
\par Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.
\par \'93I\rquote m worth twelve of you, Malfoy,\'94 he stammered.
\par Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said, \'93You tell him, Neville.\'94
\par \'93Longbottom, if brains were gold you\rquote d be poorer than Weasley, and that\rquote s saying something.\'94
\par Ron\rquote s nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry.
\par \'93I\rquote m warning you, Malfoy \emdash  one more word \emdash \'94
\par \'93Ron!\'94 said Hermione suddenly, \'93Harry \emdash  !\'94
\par \'93What? Where?\'94
\par Harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and cheers from the crowd. Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her mouth, as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet.
\par \'93You\rquote re in luck, Weasley, Potter\rquote s obviously spotted some money on the ground!\'94 said Malfoy.
\par Ron snapped. Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of him, wrestling him to the ground. Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.
\par \'93Come on, Harry!\'94 Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape \emdash  she didn\rquote 
t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.
\par Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches \emdash  the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in tri\-umph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.
\par The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever re\-member the Snitch being caught so quickly.
\par \'93Ron! Ron! Where are you? The game\rquote s over! Harry\rquote s won! We\rquote ve won! Gryffindor is in the lead!\'94 shrieked Hermione, dancing up and down on her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.
\par Harry jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground. He couldn\rquote t believe it. He\rquote d done it \emdash 
 the game was over; it had barely lasted five minutes. As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped \emdash  then Harry felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into Dumble\-dore\rquote 
s smiling face.
\par \'93Well done,\'94 said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Harry could hear. \'93Nice to see you haven\rquote t been brooding about that mirror }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  been keeping busy }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  excellent }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 
\'94
\par Snape spat bitterly on the ground.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12980554 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554 *   *   *}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12980554 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 
Harry left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nim\-bus Two Thousand back to the broomshed. He couldn\rquote t ever re\-member feeling happier. He\rquote d really done something to be proud of now \emdash 
 no one could say he was just a famous n
ame any more. The evening air had never smelled so sweet. He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and dow
n, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.
\par Harry had reached the shed. He leaned against the wooden door and looked up at Hogwarts, with its windows glowing red in the setting sun. Gryffindor in the lead. He\rquote d done it, he\rquote d shown Snape}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 
\par And speaking of Snape }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 
\par A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle. Clearly not wanting to be seen, it walked as fast as possible toward the forbidden forest. Harry\rquote s victory faded from his mind as he watched. He recognized the figure\rquote 
s prowling walk. Snape, sneak\-ing into the forest while everyone else was at dinner \emdash  what was going on?
\par Harry jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off. Gliding silently over the castle he saw Snape enter the forest at a run. He followed.
\par The trees were so thick he couldn\rquote t see where Snape had gone. He flew in circles, lower and lower, brushing the top branches of trees until he heard voices. He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree.
\par He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his broomstick, trying to see through the leaves.
\par Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn\rquote t alone. Quirrell was there, too. Harry couldn\rquote t make out the look on his face, but he was stuttering worse than ever. Harry strained to catch what they were saying.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554  d-don\rquote 
t know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-places, Severus }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 \'94
\par \'93Oh, I thought we\rquote d keep this private,\'94 said Snape, his voice icy. \'93Students aren\rquote t supposed to know about the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone, after all.\'94
\par Harry leaned forward. Quirrell was mumbling something. Snape interrupted him.
\par \'93Have you found out how to get past that beast of Hagrid\rquote s yet?\'94
\par \'93B-b-but Severus, I \emdash \'94
\par \'93You don\rquote t want me as your enemy, Quirrell,\'94 said Snape, taking a step toward him.
\par \'93I-I don\rquote t know what you \emdash \'94
\par \'93You know perfectly well what I mean.\'94
\par An owl hooted loudly, and Harry nearly fell out of the tree. He steadied himself in time to hear Snape say, \'93\emdash  your little bit of hocus-pocus. I\rquote m waiting.\'94
\par \'93B-but I d-d-don\rquote t \emdash \'94
\par \'93Very well,\'94 Snape cut in. \'93We\rquote ll have another little chat soon, when you\rquote ve had time to think things over and decided where your loyalties lie.\'94
\par He threw his cloak over his head and strode out of the clearing. It was almost dark now, but Harry could see Quirrell, standing quite still as though he was petrified.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12980554 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554 *   *   *}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12980554 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 \'93Harry, where have you }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 been}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 ?\'94 Hermione squeaked.
\par \'93We won! You won! We won!\'94 shouted Ron, thumping Harry on the back. \'93And I gave Malfoy a black eye, and Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle single-handed! He\rquote s still out cold but Madam Pomfrey says he\rquote ll be all right \emdash 
 talk about showing Slytherin! Everyone\rquote s waiting for you in the common room, we\rquote re having a party, Fred and George stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens.\'94
\par \'93Never mind that now,\'94 said Harry breathlessly. \'93Let\rquote s find an empty room, you wait \rquote til you hear this}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 \'94
\par He made sure Peeves wasn\rquote t inside before shutting the door be\-hind them, then he told them what he\rquote d seen and heard.
\par \'93So we were right, it }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554\charrsid12980554 the Sorcerer\rquote 
s Stone, and Snape\rquote s trying to force Quirrell to help him get it. He asked if he knew how to get past Fluffy \emdash  and he said something about Quirrell\rquote s \lquote hocus-pocus\rquote  \emdash 
 I reckon there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that Snape needs to break through \emdash \'94
\par \'93So you mean the Stone\rquote s only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to Snape?\'94 said Hermione in alarm.
\par \'93It\rquote ll be gone by next Tuesday,\'94 said Ron.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 14
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 Norbert the Norwegian Ridgeback
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9129550 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Q}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 uirrell, however, must have been braver than they\rquote 
d thought. In the weeks that followed he did seem to be get\-ting paler and thinner, but it didn\rquote t look as though he\rquote d cracked yet.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Harry
, Ron, and Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was still growling inside. Snape was sweeping about in his usual bad temper, which surely meant that the Stone was still safe. Whenever Harry passed Quirrell these days he gave hi
m an en\-couraging sort of smile, and Ron had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell\rquote s stutter.
\par Hermione, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone. She had started drawing up study schedules and color-coding all her notes. Harry and Ron wouldn\rquote t have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the same.
\par \'93Hermione, the exams are ages away.\'94
\par \'93Ten weeks,\'94 Hermione snapped. \'93That\rquote s not ages, that\rquote s like a second to Nicolas Flamel.\'94
\par \'93But we\rquote re not six hundred years old,\'94 Ron reminded her. \'93Any\-way, what are you studying for, you already know it all.\'94
\par \'93What am I studying for? Are you crazy? You realize we need to pass these exams to get into the second year? They\rquote re very impor\-tant, I should have started studying a month ago, I don\rquote t know what\rquote s gotten into me.
\par Unfortunately, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the same lines as Hermione. They piled so much homework on them that the Easter holidays weren\rquote t nearly as much fun as the Christ\-mas ones. It was hard to relax with Hermione next 
to you reciting the twelve uses of dragon\rquote s blood or practicing wand movements. Moan\-ing and yawning, Harry and Ron spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get through all their extra work.
\par \'93I\rquote ll never remember this,\'94 Ron burst out one afternoon, throw\-ing down his quill and looking longingly out of the library win\-dow. It was the first really fine day they\rquote 
d had in months. The sky was a clear, forget-me-not blue, and there was a feeling in the air of summer coming.
\par Harry, who was looking up \'93Dittany\'94 in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  didn\rquote t look up until he heard Ron say, \'93Hagrid! What are you doing in the library?
\'94
\par Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something behind his back. He looked very out of place in his moleskin overcoat.
\par \'93Jus\rquote  lookin\rquote ,\'94 he said, in a shifty voice that got their interest at once. \'93An\rquote  what\rquote re you lot up ter?\'94 He looked suddenly suspicious. \'93Yer not still lookin\rquote  fer Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?\'94
\par \'93Oh, we found out who he is ages ago,\'94 said Ron impressively. \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 And}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  we know what that dog\rquote s guarding, it\rquote s a Sorcerer\rquote s St \emdash \'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Shhhh}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 !\'94
 Hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was lis\-tening. \'93Don\rquote  go shoutin\rquote  about it, what\rquote s the matter with yeh?\'94
\par \'93There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact,\'94 said Harry, \'93about what\rquote s guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy \emdash \'94
\par \'93SHHHH!\'94 said Hagrid again. \'93Listen \emdash  come an\rquote  see me later, I\rquote m not promisin\rquote  I\rquote ll tell yeh anythin\rquote , mind, but don\rquote  go rabbitin\rquote  about it in here, students aren\rquote  s\rquote 
pposed ter know. They\rquote ll think I\rquote ve told yeh \emdash \'94
\par \'93See you later, then,\'94 said Harry.
\par Hagrid shuffled off.
\par \'93What was he hiding behind his back?\'94 said Hermione thought\-fully.
\par \'93Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone?\'94
\par \'93I\rquote m going to see what section he was in,\'94 said Ron, who\rquote d had enough of working. He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms and slammed them down on the table.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Dragons}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 !\'94 he whispered. \'93
Hagrid was looking up stuff about dragons! Look at these: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Dragon Species of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Great Britain{\*\xmlclose} and 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Ireland{\*\xmlclose}; From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon Keeper\rquote s Guide}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94
\par \'93Hagrid\rquote s always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever met him,\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93But it\rquote s against our laws,\'94 said Ron. \'93Dragon breeding was out\-lawed by the Warlocks\rquote  Convention of 1709, everyone knows that. Its hard to stop Muggles from noticing us if we\rquote re keeping dragons in the back garden \emdash 
 anyway, you can\rquote t tame dragons, it\rquote s dangerous. You should see the burns Charlie\rquote s got off wild ones in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Ro\-mania{\*\xmlclose}.\'94
\par \'93But there aren\rquote t wild dragons in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Britain}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 {\*\xmlclose}?\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93Of course there are,\'94 said Ron. \'93Common Welsh Green and Hebridean Blacks. The Ministry of Magic has a job hushing them up, I can tell you. Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles who\rquote ve spotted them, to make them forget.\'94

\par \'93So what on earth\rquote s Hagrid up to?\'94 said Hermione.
\par 
\par When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper\rquote s hut an hour later, they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed. Hagrid called \'93Who is it?\'94 before he let them in, and then shut the door quickly behind them.
\par It was stifling hot inside. Even though it was such a warm day, there was a blazing fire in the grate. Hagrid made them tea and of\-fered them stoat sandwiches, which they refused.
\par \'93So \emdash  yeh wanted to ask me somethin\rquote ?\'94
\par \'93Yes,\'94 said Harry. There was no point beating around the bush. \'93We were wondering if you could tell us what\rquote s guarding the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone apart from Fluffy.\'94
\par Hagrid frowned at him.
\par \'93O\rquote  course I can\rquote t,\'94 he said. \'93Number one, I don\rquote  know meself. Number two, yeh know too much already, so I wouldn\rquote  tell yeh if I could. That Stone\rquote s here fer a good reason. It was almost stolen outta Gringotts 
\emdash  I s\rquote ppose yeh\rquote ve worked that out an\rquote  all? Beats me how yeh even know abou\rquote  Fluffy.\'94
\par \'93Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 do}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  know, you know everything that goes on round here,\'94 said Hermione in a warm, flattering voice. Hagrid\rquote s beard twitched and they could tell he was smiling. \'93
We only wondered who had }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 done }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 the guarding, really.\'94
 Hermione went on. \'93We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him, apart from you.\'94
\par Hagrid\rquote s chest swelled at these last words. Harry and Ron beamed at Hermione.
\par \'93Well, I don\rquote  s\rquote pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  let
\rquote s see }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  he borrowed Fluffy from me }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  then some o\rquote  the teachers did enchantments }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  Professor Sprout \emdash  Professor Flitwick \emdash  Pro\-fessor McGonagall \emdash \'94
 he ticked them off on his fingers, \'93Profes\-sor Quirrell \emdash  an\rquote  Dumbledore himself did somethin\rquote , o\rquote  course. Hang on, I\rquote ve forgotten someone. Oh yeah, Professor Snape.\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Snape}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ?\'94
\par \'93Yeah \emdash  yer not still on abou\rquote  that, are yeh? Look, Snape helped }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 protect}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  the Stone, he\rquote s not about ter steal it.\'94
\par Harry knew Ron and Hermione were thinking the same as he was. If Snape had been in on protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out how the other teachers had guarded it. He probably knew everything \emdash  except, it seemed, Quirrell\rquote 
s spell and how to get past Fluffy.
\par \'93You\rquote re the only one who knows how to get past Fluffy, aren\rquote t you, Hagrid?\'94 said Harry anxiously. \'93And you wouldn\rquote t tell any\-one, would you? Not even one of the teachers?\'94
\par \'93Not a soul knows except me an\rquote  Dumbledore,\'94 said Hagrid proudly.
\par \'93Well, that\rquote s something,\'94 Harry muttered to the others. \'93Ha\-grid, can we have a window open? I\rquote m boiling.\'94
\par \'93Can\rquote t, Harry, sorry,\'94 said Hagrid. Harry noticed him glance at the fire. Harry looked at it, too.
\par \'93Hagrid \emdash  what\rquote s }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 that}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ?\'94
\par But he already knew what it was. In the very heart of the fire, un\-derneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.
\par \'93Ah,\'94 said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, \'93That\rquote s \emdash  er }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94
\par \'93Where did you get it, Hagrid?\'94 said Ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg. \'93It must\rquote ve cost you a for\-tune.\'94
\par \'93Won it,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93Las\rquote  night. I was down in the village havin\rquote  a few drinks an\rquote  got into a game o\rquote  cards with a stranger. Think he was quite glad ter get rid of it, ter be honest.\'94
\par \'93But what are you going to do with it when it\rquote s hatched?\'94 said Hermione.
\par \'93Well, I\rquote ve bin doin\rquote  some readin\rquote ,\'94 said Hagrid, pulling a large book from under his pillow. \'93Got this outta the library \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  \emdash  it\rquote s a bit outta date, o\rquote 
 course, but it\rquote s all in here. Keep the egg in the fire, \rquote cause their mothers breathe on \rquote em, see, an\rquote  when it hatches, feed it on a bucket o\rquote  brandy mixed with chicken blood every half hour. An\rquote  see here \emdash 
 how ter recognize diff\rquote rent eggs \emdash  what I got there\rquote s a Norwegian Ridge-back. They\rquote re rare, them.\'94
\par He looked very pleased with himself, but Hermione didn\rquote t.
\par \'93Hagrid, you live in a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 wooden house}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94 she said.
\par But Hagrid wasn\rquote t listening. He was humming merrily as he stoked the fire.
\par 
\par So now they had something else to worry about: what might hap\-pen to Hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut.
\par \'93Wonder what it\rquote s like to have a peaceful life,\'94 Ron sighed, as evening after evening they struggled through all the extra home\-
work they were getting. Hermione had now started making study schedules for Harry and Ron, too. It was driving them nuts.
\par Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Harry another note from Hagrid. He had written only two words: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 It\rquote s hatching}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut. Hermione wouldn\rquote t hear of it.
\par \'93Hermione, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon hatching?\'94
\par \'93We\rquote ve got lessons, we\rquote ll get into trouble, and that\rquote s nothing to what Hagrid\rquote s going to be in when someone finds out what he\rquote s do\-ing \emdash \'94
\par \'93Shut up!\'94 Harry whispered.
\par Malfoy was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to lis\-ten. How much had he heard? Harry didn\rquote t like the look on Mal\-foy\rquote s face at all.
\par Ron and Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end, Hermione agreed to run down to Hagrid\rquote s with the other two during morning break. When the bell sounded from the castle at the end of their lesso
n, the three of them dropped their trowels at once and hurried through the grounds to the edge of the forest. Hagrid greeted them, looking flushed and excited.
\par \'93It\rquote s nearly out.\'94 He ushered them inside.
\par The egg was lying on the table. There were deep cracks in it. Some\-thing was moving inside; a funny clicking noise was coming from it.
\par They all drew their chairs up to the table and watched with bated breath.
\par All at once there was a scraping noise and the egg split open. The baby dragon flopped onto the table. It wasn\rquote 
t exactly pretty; Harry thought it looked like a crumpled, black umbrella. Its spiny wings were huge compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils, the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.
\par It sneezed. A couple of sparks flew out of its snout.
\par \'93Isn\rquote t he }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 beautiful}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ?\'94
 Hagrid murmured. He reached out a hand to stroke the dragon\rquote s head. It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.
\par \'93Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!\'94 said Hagrid.
\par \'93Hagrid,\'94 said Hermione, \'93how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?\'94
\par Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face \emdash  he leapt to his feet and ran to the window.
\par \'93What\rquote s the matter?\'94
\par \'93Someone was lookin\rquote  through the gap in the curtains \emdash  it\rquote s a kid \emdash  he\rquote s runnin\rquote  back up ter the school.\'94
\par Harry bolted to the door and looked out. Even at a distance there was no mistaking him.
\par Malfoy had seen the dragon.
\par 
\par Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy\rquote s face during the next week made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervous. They spent most of their free time in Hagrid\rquote s darkened hut, trying to reason with him.
\par \'93Just let him go,\'94 Harry urged. \'93Set him free.\'94
\par \'93I can\rquote t,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93He\rquote s too little. He\rquote d die.\'94
\par They looked at the dragon. It had grown three times in length in just a week. Smoke kept furling out of its nostrils. Hagrid hadn\rquote t been doing his gamekeeping duties because the dragon was keep\-
ing him so busy. There were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.
\par \'93I\rquote ve decided to call him Norbert,\'94 said Hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes. \'93He really knows me now, watch. Norbert! Norbert! Where\rquote s Mommy?\'94
\par \'93He\rquote s lost his marbles,\'94 Ron muttered in Harry\rquote s ear.
\par \'93Hagrid,\'94 said Harry loudly, \'93give it two weeks and Norbert\rquote s going to be as long as your house. Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment.\'94
\par Hagrid bit his lip.
\par \'93I \emdash  I know I can\rquote t keep him forever, but I can\rquote t jus\rquote  dump him, can\rquote t.\'94
\par Harry suddenly turned to Ron.
\par \'93Charlie,\'94 he said.
\par \'93You\rquote re losing it, too,\'94 said Ron. \'93I\rquote m Ron, remember?\'94
\par \'93No \emdash  Charlie \emdash  your brother, Charlie. In {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Romania{\*\xmlclose}. Studying dragons. We could send Norbert to him. Charlie can take care of him and then put him back in the wild!\'94
\par \'93Brilliant!\'94 said Ron. \'93How about it, Hagrid?\'94
\par And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send an owl to Charlie to ask him.
\par 
\par The following week dragged by. Wednesday night found Her\-mione and Harry sitting alone in the common room, long after everyone else had gone to bed. The clock on the wall had just chimed midnight when the portrait 
hole burst open. Ron appeared out of nowhere as he pulled off Harry\rquote s Invisibility Cloak. He had been down at Hagrid\rquote s hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by the crate.
\par \'93It bit me!\'94 he said, showing them his hand, which was wrapped in a bloody handkerchief. \'93I\rquote m not going to be able to hold a quill for a week. I tell you, that dragon\rquote s the most horrible animal I\rquote 
ve ever met, but the way Hagrid goes on about it, you\rquote d think it was a fluffy little bunny rabbit. When it bit me he told me off for fright\-ening it. And when I left, he was singing it a lullaby.\'94
\par There was a tap on the dark window.
\par \'93Its Hedwig!\'94 said Harry, hurrying to let her in. \'93She\rquote ll have Charlie\rquote s answer!\'94
\par The three of them put their heads together to read the note.
\par 
\par Dear Ron,
\par How are you? Thanks for the letter \emdash  I\rquote d be glad to take the Norwegian Ridgeback, but it won\rquote 
t be easy getting him here. I think the best thing will be to send him over with some friends of mine who are coming to visit me next week. Trouble is, they mustn\rquote t be seen carrying an illegal dragon.
\par Could you get the Ridgeback up the tallest tower at mid\-night on Saturday? They can meet you there and take him away while it\rquote s still dark.
\par Send me an answer as soon as possible.
\par 
\par Love,
\par Charlie
\par 
\par They looked at one another.
\par \'93We\rquote ve got the Invisibility Cloak,\'94 said Harry. \'93It shouldn\rquote t be too difficult \emdash  I think the cloak\rquote s big enough to cover two of us and Norbert.\'94
\par It was a mark of how bad the last week had been that the other two agreed with him. Anything to get rid of Norbert \emdash  and Malfoy.
\par 
\par There was a hitch. By the next morning, Ron\rquote s bitten hand had swollen to twice its usual size. He didn\rquote t know whether it was safe to go to Madam Pomfrey \emdash  would she recognize a dragon bite? By the afternoon, though, he had n
o choice. The cut had turned a nasty shade of green. It looked as if Norbert\rquote s fangs were poisonous.
\par Harry and Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find Ron in a terrible state in bed.
\par \'93It\rquote s not just my hand,\'94 he whispered, \'93although that feels like it\rquote 
s about to fall off. Malfoy told Madam Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of my books so he could come and have a good laugh at me. He kept threatening to tell her what really bit me \emdash  I\rquote ve told her it was a dog, but I don\rquote t think she
 believes me \emdash  I shouldn\rquote t have hit him at the Quidditch match, that\rquote s why he\rquote s do\-ing this.\'94
\par Harry and Hermione tried to calm Ron down.
\par \'93It\rquote ll all be over at midnight on Saturday,\'94 said Hermione, but this didn\rquote t soothe Ron at all. On the contrary, he sat bolt upright and broke into a sweat.
\par \'93Midnight on Saturday!\'94 he said in a hoarse voice. \'93Oh no \emdash  oh no \emdash  I\rquote ve just remembered \emdash  Charlie\rquote s letter was in that book Malfoy took, he\rquote s going to know we\rquote re getting rid of Norbert.\'94
\par Harry and Hermione didn\rquote t get a chance to answer. Madam Pomfrey came over at that moment and made them leave, saying Ron needed sleep.
\par 
\par \'93It\rquote s too late to change the plan now,\'94 Harry told Hermione. \'93We haven\rquote t got time to send Charlie another owl, and this could be our only chance to get rid of Norbert. We\rquote ll have to risk it. And we }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 have }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 got the Invisibility Cloak, Malfoy doesn\rquote t know about that.\'94
\par They found Fang the boarhound sitting outside with a ban\-daged tail when they went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them.
\par \'93I won\rquote t let you in,\'94 he puffed. \'93Norbert\rquote s at a tricky stage \emdash  nothin\rquote  I can\rquote t handle.\'94
\par When they told him about Charlie\rquote s letter, his eyes filled with tears, although that might have been because Norbert had just bit\-ten him on the leg.
\par \'93Aargh! It\rquote s all right, he only got my boot \emdash  jus\rquote  playin\rquote  \emdash  he\rquote s only a baby, after all.\'94
\par The baby banged its tail on the wall, making the windows rattle. Harry and Hermione walked back to the castle feeling Saturday couldn\rquote t come quickly enough.
\par 
\par They would have felt sorry for Hagrid when the time came for him to say good-bye to Norbert if they hadn\rquote t been so worried about what they had to do. It was a very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late arriving at Hagrid\rquote 
s hut because they\rquote d had to wait for Peeves to get out of their way in the entrance hall, where he\rquote d been playing tennis against the wall.
\par Hagrid had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate.
\par \'93He\rquote s got lots o\rquote  rats an\rquote  some brandy fer the journey,\'94 said Ha\-grid in a muffled voice. \'93An\rquote  I\rquote ve packed his teddy bear in case he gets lonely.\'94
\par From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having his head torn off.
\par \'93Bye-bye, Norbert!\'94 Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the Invisibility Cloak and stepped under\-neath it themselves. \'93Mommy will never forget you!\'94
\par How they managed to get the crate back up to the castle, they never knew. Midnight ticked nearer as they heaved Norbert up the marble staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridors. Up another staircase, then another \emdash 
 even one of Harry\rquote s short\-cuts didn\rquote t make the work much easier.
\par \'93Nearly there!\'94 Harry panted as they reached the corridor be\-neath the tallest tower.
\par Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the crate. Forgetting that they were already invisible, they shrank into the shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling with each other ten feet away. A lamp flared.
\par Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by the ear.
\par \'93Detention!\'94 she shouted. \'93And twenty points from Slytherin! Wandering around in the middle of the night, how }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 dare}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  you \emdash \'94
\par \'93You don\rquote t understand, Professor. Harry Potter\rquote s coming \emdash  he\rquote s got a dragon!\'94
\par \'93What utter rubbish! How dare you tell such lies! Come on \emdash  I shall see Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!\'94
\par The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest thing in the world after that. Not until they\rquote d stepped out into the cold night air did they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to b
reathe properly again. Hermione did a sort of jig.
\par \'93Malfoy\rquote s got detention! I could sing!\'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t,\'94 Harry advised her.
\par Chuckling about Malfoy, they waited, Norbert thrashing about in his crate. About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swoop\-ing down out of the darkness.
\par Charlie\rquote s friends were a cheery lot. They showed Harry and Hermione the harness they\rquote d rigged up, so they could suspend Norbert between them. They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and Hermione shook hands with th
e others and thanked them very much.
\par At last, Norbert was going }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  going }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 gone}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as their hands, now that Norbert was off them. No more dragon \emdash  Malfoy in detention \emdash  what could spoil their happiness?
\par The answer to that was waiting at the foot of the stairs. As they stepped into the corridor, Filch\rquote s face loomed suddenly out of the darkness.
\par \'93Well, well, well,\'94 he whispered, \'93we }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 are}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  in trouble.
\'94
\par They\rquote d left the Invisibility Cloak on top of the tower.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 15
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 The Forbidden Forest
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9129550 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 T}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 hings couldn\rquote t have been worse.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall\rquote 
s study on the first floor, where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other. Hermione was trembling. Excuses, alibis, and wild cover-up stories chased each other around Harry\rquote s brain, each more feeble than the last. He couldn\rquote 
t see how they were going to get out of trouble this time. They were cornered. How could they have been so stupid as to forget the cloak? Ther
e was no reason on earth that Professor McGonagall would accept for their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of night, let alone be\-ing up the tallest {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
Astronomy{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Tower{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}, which was out-of-bounds ex\-cept for classes. Add Norbert and the Invisibility Cloak, and they might as well be packing their bags already.
\par Had Harry thought that things couldn\rquote t have been worse? He was wrong. When Professor McGonagall appeared, she was leading Neville.
\par \'93Harry!\'94 Neville burst out, the moment he saw the other two. \'93I was trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to catch you, he said you had a drag \emdash \'94
\par Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor McGonagall had seen. She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she towered over the three of them.
\par \'93I would never have believed it of any of you. Mr. Filch says you were up in the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Astronomy{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Tower{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
. It\rquote s one o\rquote clock in the morning. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Explain yourselves}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94
\par It was the first time Hermione had ever failed to answer a teacher\rquote s question. She was staring at her slippers, as still as a statue.
\par \'93I think I\rquote ve got a good idea of what\rquote s been going on,\'94 said Pro\-fessor McGonagall. \'93It doesn\rquote t take a genius to work it out. You fed Draco Malfoy some cock-and-bull story about a
 dragon, trying to get him out of bed and into trouble. I\rquote ve already caught him. I sup\-pose you think it\rquote s funny that Longbottom here heard the story and believed it, too?\'94
\par Harry caught Neville\rquote s eye and tried to tell him without words that this wasn\rquote t true, because Neville was looking stunned and hurt. Poor, blundering Neville \emdash 
 Harry knew what it must have cost him to try and find them in the dark, to warn them.
\par \'93I\rquote m disgusted,\'94 said Professor McGonagall. \'93Four students out of bed in one night! I\rquote ve never heard of such a thing before! You, Miss Granger, I thought you had more sense. As for you, Mr. Pot\-
ter, I thought Gryffindor meant more to you than this. All three of you will receive detentions \emdash  yes, you too, Mr. Longbottom, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 nothing}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  gives you the right to walk around school at night, espe\-cially these days, it\rquote s very dangerous \emdash  and fifty points will be taken from Gryffindor.\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Fifty}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ?\'94 Harry gasped \emdash 
 they would lose the lead, the lead he\rquote d won in the last Quidditch match.
\par \'93Fifty points }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 each,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94 said Profes
sor McGonagall, breathing heav\-ily through her long, pointed nose.
\par \'93Professor \emdash  please \emdash \'94
\par \'93You }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 can\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  \emdash \'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t tell me what I can and can\rquote t do, Potter. Now get back to bed, all of you. I\rquote ve never been more ashamed of Gryffindor stu\-dents.\'94
\par A hundred and fifty points lost. That put Gryffindor in last place. In one night, they\rquote d ruined any chance Gryffindor had had for the House Cup. Harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out of his stomach. How could they ever make up for this?

\par Harry didn\rquote t sleep all night. He could hear Neville sobbing into his pillow for what seemed like hours. Harry couldn\rquote t think of any\-
thing to say to comfort him. He knew Neville, like himself, was dreading the dawn. What would happen when the rest of Gryf\-findor found out what they\rquote d done?
\par At first, Gryffindors passing the giant hourglasses that recorded the House points the next day thought there\rquote d been a mistake. How could they suddenly have a hundred and fifty points fewer than yesterday? And then the story started to spread: Har
ry Potter, the famous Harry Potter, their hero of two Quidditch matches, had lost them all those points, him and a couple of other stupid first years.
\par From being one of the most popular and admired people at the school, Harry was suddenly the most hated. E
ven Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs turned on him, because everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose the House Cup. Everywhere Harry went, people pointed and didn\rquote 
t trouble to lower their voices as they insulted him. Slytherins, on the other hand, clapped as he walked past them, whistling and cheering, \'93Thanks Potter, we owe you one!\'94
\par Only Ron stood by him.
\par \'93They\rquote ll all forget this in a few weeks. Fred and George have lost loads of points in all the time they\rquote ve been here, and people still like them.\'94
\par \'93They\rquote ve never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have they?\'94 said Harry miserably.
\par \'93Well \emdash  no,\'94 Ron admitted.
\par It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Harry swore to himself not to meddle in things that weren\rquote t his business from now on. He\rquote 
d had it with sneaking around and spying. He felt so ashamed of himself that he went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Resign}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ?\'94 Wood thundered. \'93What good\rquote 
ll that do? How are we going to get any points back if we can\rquote t win at Quidditch?\'94
\par But even Quidditch had lost its fun. The rest of the team wouldn\rquote t speak to Harry during practice, and if they had to speak about him, they called him \'93the Seeker.\'94
\par Hermione and Neville were suffering, too. They didn\rquote t have as bad a time as Harry, because they weren\rquote t as well-known, but no\-
body would speak to them, either. Hermione had stopped drawing attention to herself in class, keeping her head down and working in silence.
\par Harry was almost glad that the exams weren\rquote t far away. All the studying he ha
d to do kept his mind off his misery. He, Ron, and Hermione kept to themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart, memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin 
rebellions}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Harry\rquote s new resolution not to interfere in anything that didn\rquote 
t concern him was put to an unexpected test. Walking back from the library on his own one afternoon, he heard somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead. As he drew closer, he heard Quirrell\rquote s voice.
\par \'93No \emdash  no \emdash  not again, please \emdash \'94
\par It sounded as though someone was threatening him. Harry moved closer.
\par \'93All right \emdash  all right \emdash \'94 he heard Quirrell sob.
\par Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening his turban. He was pale and looked as though he was about to cry. He strode out of sight; Harry didn\rquote t think Quirrell had even noticed him. He waited until Quirrell\rquote 
s footsteps had dis\-appeared, then peered into the classroom. It was empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end. Harry was halfway toward it before he remembered what he\rquote d promised himself about not meddling.
\par All the same, he\rquote d have gambled twelve Sorcerer\rquote s Stones that Snape had just left the room, and from what Harry had just heard, Snape would be walking with a new spring in his step \emdash  Quirrell seemed to have given in at last.
\par Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was testing Ron on Astronomy. Harry told them what he\rquote d heard.
\par \'93Snape\rquote s done it, then!\'94 said Ron. \'93If Quirrell\rquote s told him how to break his Anti-Dark Force spell \emdash \'94
\par \'93There\rquote s still Fluffy, though,\'94 said Hermione.
\par \'93Maybe Snape\rquote s found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid,\'94 said Ron, looking up at the thousands of books sur\-rounding them. \'93I bet there\rquote 
s a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a giant three-headed dog. So what do we do, Harry?\'94
\par The light of adventure was kindling again in Ron\rquote s eyes, but Hermione answered before Harry could.
\par \'93Go to Dumbledore. That\rquote s what we should have done ages ago. If we try anything ourselves we\rquote ll be thrown out for sure.\'94
\par \'93But we\rquote ve got no }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 proof}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  said Harry. \'93Quirrell\rquote s too scared to back us up. Snape\rquote s only got to say he doesn\rquote t know how the troll got in at Halloween and that
 he was nowhere near the third floor \emdash  who do you think they\rquote ll believe, him or us? It\rquote s not exactly a secret we hate him, Dumbledore\rquote ll think we made it up to get him sacked. Filch wouldn\rquote 
t help us if his life depended on it, he\rquote s too friendly with Snape, and the more students get thrown out, the better, he\rquote ll think. And don\rquote t forget, we\rquote re not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. That\rquote 
ll take a lot of explaining.\'94
\par Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didn\rquote t.
\par \'93If we just do a bit of poking around \emdash \'94
\par \'93No,\'94 said Harry flatly, \'93we\rquote ve done enough poking around.\'94
\par He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to learn the names of its moons.
\par 
\par The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and Neville at the breakfast table. They were all the same:
\par 
\par Your detention will take place at eleven o\rquote clock tonight.
\par Meet Mr. Filch in the entrance hall.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par Professor M. McGonagall}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par 
\par Harry had forgotten they still had detentions to do in the furor over the points they\rquote d lost. He half expected Hermione to complain that this was a whole night of studying lost, but she didn\rquote 
t say a word. Like Harry, she felt they deserved what they\rquote d got.
\par At eleven o\rquote clock that night, they said good-bye to Ron in the common room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville. Filch was already there \emdash  and so was Malfoy. Harry had also for\-gotten that Malfoy had gotten a detention, too.

\par \'93Follow me,\'94 said Filch, lighting a lamp and leading them out\-side.
\par \'93I bet you\rquote ll think twice about breaking a school rule again, won\rquote t you, eh?\'94 he said, leering at them. \'93Oh yes }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  hard work and pain are the best teachers if you ask me}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  It\rquote s just a pity they let the old punishments die out }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a few days, I\rquote ve got the chains still in my office, keep \rquote em well oiled in case they\rquote re ever needed}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  Right, off we go, and don\rquote t think of running off, now, it\rquote 
ll be worse for you if you do.\'94
\par They marched off across the dark grounds. Neville kept sniffing. Harry wondered what their punishment was going to be. It must be something really horrible, or Filch wouldn\rquote t be sounding so de\-lighted.
\par The moon was bright, but clouds scudding across it kept throw\-ing them into darkness. Ahead, Harry could see the lighted win\-dows of Hagrid\rquote s hut. Then they heard a distant shout.
\par \'93Is that you, Filch? Hurry up, I want ter get started.\'94
\par Harry\rquote s heart rose; if they were going to be working with Hagrid it wouldn\rquote t be so bad. His relief must have showed in his face, be\-cause Filch said, \'93I suppose you think you\rquote ll be enjoyi
ng yourself with that oaf? Well, think again, boy \emdash  it\rquote s into the forest you\rquote re going and I\rquote m much mistaken if you\rquote ll all come out in one piece.\'94
\par At this, Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy stopped dead in his tracks.
\par \'93The forest?\'94 he repeated, and he didn\rquote t sound quite as cool as usual. \'93We can\rquote t go in there at night \emdash  there\rquote s all sorts of things in there \emdash  werewolves, I heard.\'94
\par Neville clutched the sleeve of Harry\rquote s robe and made a choking noise.
\par \'93That\rquote s your problem, isn\rquote t it?\'94 said Filch, his voice cracking with glee. \'93Should\rquote ve thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble, shouldn\rquote t you?\'94
\par Hagrid came striding toward them out of the dark, Fang at his heel. He was carrying his large crossbow, and a quiver of arrows hung over his shoulder.
\par \'93Abou\rquote  time,\'94 he said. \'93I bin waitin\rquote  fer half an hour already. All right, Harry, Hermione?\'94
\par \'93I shouldn\rquote t be too friendly to them, Hagrid,\'94 said Filch coldly, \'93they\rquote re here to be punished, after all.\'94
\par \'93That\rquote s why yer late, is it?\'94 said Hagrid, frowning at Filch. \'93Bin lecturin\rquote  them, eh? \rquote Snot your place ter do that. Yeh\rquote ve done yer bit, I\rquote ll take over from here.\'94
\par \'93I\rquote ll be back at dawn,\'94 said Filch, \'93for what\rquote s left of them,\'94 he added nastily, and he turned and started back toward the castle, his lamp bobbing away in the darkness.
\par Malfoy now turned to Hagrid.
\par \'93I\rquote m not going in that forest,\'94 he said, and Harry was pleased to hear the note of panic in his voice.
\par \'93Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts,\'94 said Hagrid fiercely. \'93Yeh\rquote ve done wrong an\rquote  now yeh\rquote ve got ter pay fer it.\'94
\par \'93But this is servant stuff, it\rquote s not for students to do. I thought we\rquote d be copying lines or something, if my father knew I was doing this, he\rquote d \emdash \'94
\par \'93\emdash  tell yer that\rquote s how it is at Hogwarts,\'94 Hagrid growled. \'93Copyin\rquote  lines! What good\rquote s that ter anyone? Yeh\rquote ll do summat use\-ful or yeh\rquote ll get out. If yeh think yer father\rquote d rather you were ex\-
pelled, then get back off ter the castle an\rquote  pack. Go on!\'94
\par Malfoy didn\rquote t move. He looked at Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his gaze.
\par \'93Right then,\'94 said Hagrid, \'93now, listen carefully, \rquote cause it\rquote s dan\-gerous what we\rquote re gonna do tonight, an\rquote  I don\rquote  want no one takin\rquote  risks. Follow me over here a moment.\'94
\par He led them to the very edge of the forest. Holding his lamp up high, he pointed down a narrow, winding earth track that disap\-peared into the thick black trees. A light breeze lifted their hair as they looked into the forest.
\par \'93Look there,\'94 said Hagrid, \'93see that stuff shinin\rquote  on the ground? Silvery stuff? That\rquote s unicorn blood. There\rquote s a unicorn in there
 bin hurt badly by summat. This is the second time in a week. I found one dead last Wednesday. We\rquote re gonna try an\rquote  find the poor thing. We might have ter put it out of its misery.\'94
\par \'93And what if whatever hurt the unicorn finds us first?\'94 said Malfoy, unable to keep the fear out of his voice.
\par \'93There\rquote s nothin\rquote  that lives in the forest that\rquote ll hurt yeh if yer with me or Fang,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93An\rquote  keep ter the path. Right, now, we\rquote re gonna split inter two parties an\rquote  follow the trail in diff
\rquote rent directions. There\rquote s blood all over the place, it must\rquote ve bin staggerin\rquote  around since last night at least.\'94
\par \'93I want Fang,\'94 said Malfoy quickly, looking at Fang\rquote s long teeth.
\par \'93All right, but I warn yeh, he\rquote s a coward,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93So me, Harry, an\rquote  Hermione\rquote ll go one way an\rquote  Draco, Neville, an\rquote  Fang\rquote ll go the other. Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, we\rquote 
ll send up green sparks, right? Get yer wands out an\rquote  practice now \emdash  that\rquote s it \emdash  an\rquote  if anyone gets in trouble, send up red sparks, an\rquote  we\rquote ll all come an\rquote  find yeh \emdash  so, be careful \emdash 
 let\rquote s go.\'94
\par The forest was black and silent. A little way into it they reached a fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.
\par They walked in silence, their eyes on the ground. Every now and then a ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot of silver-blue blood on the fallen leaves.
\par Harry saw that Hagrid looked very worried.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Could}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  a werewolf be killing the unicorns?\'94 Harry asked.

\par \'93Not fast enough,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93It\rquote s not easy ter catch a uni\-corn, they\rquote re powerful magic creatures. I never knew one ter be hurt before.\'94
\par They walked past a mossy tree stump. Harry could hear running water; there must be a stream somewhere close by. There were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.
\par \'93You all right, Hermione?\'94 Hagrid whispered. \'93Don\rquote  worry, it can\rquote t\rquote ve gone far if it\rquote s this badly hurt, an\rquote  then we\rquote ll be able ter \emdash  GET BEHIND THAT TREE!\'94
\par Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a towering oak. He pulled out an arrow and fitted it into his crossbow, raising it, ready to fire. The three of them lis\-
tened. Something was slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a cloak trailing along the ground. Hagrid was squint\-ing up the dark path, but after a few seconds, the sound faded away.
\par \'93I knew it,\'94 he murmured. \'93There\rquote s summat in here that shouldn\rquote  be.\'94
\par \'93A werewolf?\'94 Harry suggested.
\par \'93That wasn\rquote  no werewolf an\rquote  it wasn\rquote  no unicorn, neither,\'94 said Hagrid grimly. \'93Right, follow me, but careful, now.\'94
\par They walked more slowly, ears straining for the faintest sound. Suddenly, in a clearing ahead, something definitely moved.
\par \'93Who\rquote s there?\'94 Hagrid called. \'93Show yerself \emdash  I\rquote m armed!\'94
\par And into the clearing came \emdash  was it a man, or a horse? To the waist, a man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horse\rquote s gleaming chestnut body with a long, reddish tail. Harry and Hermione\rquote s jaws dropped.
\par \'93Oh, it\rquote s you, Ronan,\'94 said Hagrid in relief. \'93How are yeh?\'94
\par He walked forward and shook the centaur\rquote s hand.
\par \'93Good evening to you, Hagrid,\'94 said Ronan. He had a deep, sorrowful voice. \'93Were you going to shoot me?\'94
\par \'93Can\rquote t be too careful, Ronan,\'94 said Hagrid, patting his crossbow. \'93There\rquote s summat bad loose in this forest. This is Harry Potter an\rquote  Hermione Granger, by the way. Students up at the school. An\rquote 
 this is Ronan, you two. He\rquote s a centaur.\'94
\par \'93We\rquote d noticed,\'94 said Hermione faintly.
\par \'93Good evening,\'94 said Ronan. \'93Students, are you? And do you learn much, up at the school?\'94
\par \'93Erm \emdash \'94
\par \'93A bit,\'94 said Hermione timidly.
\par \'93A bit. Well, that\rquote s something.\'94 Ronan sighed. He flung back his head and stared at the sky. \'93Mars is bright tonight.\'94
\par \'93Yeah,\'94 said Hagrid, glancing up, too. \'93Listen, I\rquote m glad we\rquote ve run inter yeh, Ronan, \rquote cause there\rquote s a unicorn bin hurt \emdash  you seen anythin\rquote ?\'94
\par Ronan didn\rquote t answer immediately. He stared unblinkingly up\-ward, then sighed again.
\par \'93Always the innocent are the first victims,\'94 he said. \'93So it has been for ages past, so it is now.\'94
\par \'93Yeah,\'94 said Hagrid, \'93but have yeh seen anythin\rquote , Ronan? Any\-thin\rquote  unusual?\'94
\par \'93Mars is bright tonight,\'94 Ronan repeated, while Hagrid watched him impatiently. \'93Unusually bright.\'94
\par \'93Yeah, but I was meanin\rquote  anythin\rquote  unusual a bit nearer home,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93So yeh haven\rquote t noticed anythin\rquote  strange?\'94
\par Yet again, Ronan took a while to answer. At last, he said, \'93The forest hides many secrets.\'94
\par A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid raise his bow again, but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and wilder-looking than Ronan.
\par \'93Hullo, Bane,\'94 said Hagrid. \'93All right?\'94
\par \'93Good evening, Hagrid, I hope you are well?\'94
\par \'93Well enough. Look, I\rquote ve jus\rquote  bin askin\rquote  Ronan, you seen any\-thin\rquote  odd in here lately? There\rquote s a unicorn bin injured \emdash  would yeh know anythin\rquote  about it?\'94
\par Bane walked over to stand next to Ronan. He looked skyward.
\par \'93Mars is bright tonight,\'94 he said simply.
\par \'93We\rquote ve heard,\'94 said Hagrid grumpily. \'93Well, if either of you do see anythin\rquote , let me know, won\rquote t yeh? We\rquote ll be off, then.\'94
\par Harry and Hermione followed him out of the clearing, staring over their shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked their view.
\par \'93Never,\'94 said Hagrid irritably, \'93try an\rquote  get a straight answer out of a centaur. Ruddy stargazers. Not interested in anythin\rquote  closer\rquote n the moon.\'94
\par \'93Are there many of }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 them}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  in here?\'94 asked Hermione.
\par \'93Oh, a fair few}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  Keep themselves to themselves mostly, but they\rquote 
re good enough about turnin\rquote  up if ever I want a word. They\rquote re deep, mind, centaurs }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  they know things }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  jus\rquote  don\rquote  let on much.\'94
\par \'93D\rquote you think that was a centaur we heard earlier?\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93Did that sound like hooves to you? Nah, if yeh ask me, that was what\rquote s bin killin\rquote  the unicorns \emdash  never heard anythin\rquote  like it be\-fore.\'94
\par They walked on through the dense, dark trees. Harry kept look\-ing nervously over his shoulder. He had the nasty feeling they were being watched. He was very glad they had Hagrid and his crossbow with them. They had just passed a bend in the path when Her
\-mione grabbed Hagrid\rquote s arm.
\par \'93Hagrid! Look! Red sparks, the others are in trouble!\'94
\par \'93You two wait here!\'94 Hagrid shouted. \'93Stay on the path, I\rquote ll come back for yeh!\'94
\par They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at each other, very scared, until they couldn\rquote t hear anything but the rustling of leaves around them.
\par \'93You don\rquote t think they\rquote ve been hurt, do you?\'94 whispered Hermione.
\par \'93I don\rquote t care if Malfoy has, but if something\rquote s got Neville }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
 it\rquote s our fault he\rquote s here in the first place.\'94
\par The minutes dragged by. Their ears seemed sharper than usual. Harry\rquote s seemed to be picking up every sigh of the wind, every cracking twig. What was going on? Where were the others?
\par At last, a great crunching noise announced Hagrid\rquote s return. Mal\-foy, Neville, and Fang were with him. Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke. Neville had panicked and sent up the sparks.

\par \'93We\rquote ll be lucky ter catch anythin\rquote  now, with the racket you two were makin\rquote . Right, we\rquote re changin\rquote  groups \emdash  Neville, you stay with me an\rquote  Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang an\rquote  this idiot. I
\rquote m sorry,\'94 Hagrid added in a whisper to Harry, \'93but he\rquote ll have a harder time frightenin\rquote  you, an\rquote  we\rquote ve gotta get this done.\'94
\par So Harry set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang. They walked for nearly half an hour, deeper and deeper into the forest, until the path became almost impossible to follow be\-
cause the trees were so thick. Harry thought the blood seemed to be getting thicker. There were splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the poor creature had been thrashing
 around in pain close by. Harry could see a clearing ahead, through the tangled branches of an ancient oak.
\par \'93Look \emdash \'94 he murmured, holding out his arm to stop Malfoy.
\par Something bright white was gleaming on the ground. They inched closer.
\par It was the unicorn all right, and it was dead. Harry had never seen anything so beautiful and sad. Its long, slender legs were stuck out at odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on the dark leaves.
\par Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him freeze where he stood. A bush on the edge of the clear\-ing quivered}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  Then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the ground like some stalking beast. Harry, Malfoy, and Fang stood transfixed. The cloaked figure rea
ched the unicorn, lowered its head over the wound in the animals side, and began to drink its blood.
\par \'93AAAAAAAAAAARGH!\'94
\par Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted \emdash  so did Fang. The hooded figure raised its head and looked right at Harry \emdash  unicorn blood was dribbling down its front. It got to its feet and came swiftly toward Harry \emdash  he couldn\rquote 
t move for fear.
\par Then a pain like he\rquote d never felt before pierced his head; it was as though his scar were on fire. Half blinded, he staggered backward. He heard hooves behind him, galloping, and something jumped clean over Harry, charging at the figure.
\par The pain in Harry\rquote s head was so bad he fell to his knees. It took a minute or two to pass. When he looked up, the figure had gone. A centaur was standing over him, not R
onan or Bane; this one looked younger; he had white-blond hair and a palomino body.
\par \'93Are you all right?\'94 said the centaur, pulling Harry to his feet.
\par \'93Yes \emdash  thank you \emdash  what }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 was}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  that?\'94
\par The centaur didn\rquote t answer. He had astonishingly blue eyes, like pale sapphires. He looked carefully at Harry, his eyes lingering on the scar that stood out, livid, on Harry\rquote s forehead.
\par \'93You are the Potter boy,\'94 he said. \'93You had better get back to Hagrid. The forest is not safe at this time \emdash  especially for you. Can you ride? It will be quicker this way.
\par \'93My name is {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose},\'94 he added, as he lowered himself on to his front legs so that Harry could clamber onto his back.
\par There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the clearing. Ronan and Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks heaving and sweaty.
\par \'93{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose}!\'94 Bane thundered. \'93What are you doing? You have a hu\-man on your back! Have you no shame? Are you a common mule?\'94
\par \'93Do you realize who this is?\'94 said {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose}. \'93This is the Potter boy. The quicker he leaves this forest, the better.\'94
\par \'93What have you been telling him?\'94 growled Bane. \'93Remember, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose}, we are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens. Have we not read what is to come in the movements of the planets?\'94

\par Ronan pawed the ground nervously. \'93I\rquote m sure {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose} thought he was acting for the best,\'94 he said in his gloomy voice.
\par Bane kicked his back legs in anger.
\par \'93For the best! What is that to do with us? Centaurs are con\-cerned with what has been foretold! It is not our business to run around like donkeys after stray humans in our forest!\'94
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose} suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Harry had to grab his shoulders to stay on.
\par \'93Do you not see that unicorn?\'94 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose} bellowed at Bane. \'93Do you not understand why it was killed?
 Or have the planets not let you in on that secret? I set myself against what is lurking in this for\-est, Bane, yes, with humans alongside me if I must.\'94
\par And {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose} whisked around; with Harry clutching on as best he could, they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane be\-hind them.
\par Harry didn\rquote t have a clue what was going on.
\par \'93Why\rquote s Bane so angry?\'94 he asked. \'93What was that thing you saved me from, anyway?\'94
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose} slowed to a walk, warned Harry to keep his head bowed in case of low-hanging branches, but did not answer Harry\rquote s ques\-
tion. They made their way through the trees in silence for so long that Harry thought {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose} didn\rquote t want to talk to him anymore. They were passing through a particularly dense patch of trees, how
\-ever, when {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose} suddenly stopped.
\par \'93Harry Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is used for?\'94
\par \'93No,\'94 said Harry, startled by the odd question. \'93We\rquote ve only used the horn and tail hair in Potions.\'94
\par \'93That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn,\'94 said {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose}. \'93Only 
one who has nothing to lose, and everything to gain, would commit such a crime. The blood of a unicorn will keep you alive, even if you are an inch from death, but at a terrible price. You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and yo
u will have but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips.\'94
\par Harry stared at the back of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.
\par \'93But who\rquote d be that desperate?\'94 he wondered aloud. \'93If you\rquote re go\-ing to be cursed forever, death\rquote s better, isn\rquote t it?\'94
\par \'93It is,\'94 Firenze agreed, \'93unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something else \emdash  something that will bring you back to full strength and power \emdash  something that will mean you can never die. Mr. Potter
, do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment?\'94
\par \'93The Sorcerer\rquote s Stone! Of course \emdash  the Elixir of Life! But I don\rquote t understand who \emdash \'94
\par \'93Can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power, who has clung to life, awaiting their chance?\'94
\par It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around Harry\rquote s heart. Over the rustling of the trees, he seemed to hear once more what Hagrid had told him on the night they had met: \'93Some say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he 
had enough human left in him to die.\'94
\par \'93Do you mean,\'94 Harry croaked, \'93that was }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Vol}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  \emdash 
\'94
\par \'93Harry! Harry, are you all right?\'94
\par Hermione was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along behind her.
\par \'93I\rquote m fine,\'94 said Harry, hardly knowing what he was saying. \'93The unicorns dead, Hagrid, it\rquote s in that clearing back there.\'94
\par \'93This is where I leave you,\'94 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose} murmured as Hagrid hur\-ried off to examine the unicorn. \'93You are safe now.\'94
\par Harry slid off his back.
\par \'93Good luck, Harry Potter,\'94 said {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose}. \'93The planets have been read wrongly before now, even by centaurs. I hope this is one of those times.\'94
\par He turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest, leav\-ing Harry shivering behind him.
\par 
\par Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for them to 
return. He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Harry roughly shook him awake. In a matter of seconds, though, he was wide-eyed as Harry began to tell him and Hermione what had happened in the forest.
\par Harry couldn\rquote t sit down. He paced up and down in front of the fire. He was still shaking.
\par \'93Snape wants the Stone for Voldemort }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  and Voldemort\rquote s wait\-
ing in the forest }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rich}
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94
\par \'93Stop saying the name!\'94 said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.
\par Harry wasn\rquote t listening.
\par \'93{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose} saved me, but he shouldn\rquote t have done so}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  Bane was furious }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  They must show that Voldemort\rquote s com\-ing back}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  Bane thinks {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose} should have let Voldemort kill me}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  I suppose that\rquote s written in the stars as well.\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Will you stop saying the name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 !\'94 Ron hissed.
\par \'93So all I\rquote ve got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone,\'94 Harry went on feverishly, \'93then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  Well, I suppose Bane\rquote ll be happy.\'94
\par Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of com\-fort.
\par \'93Harry, everyone says Dumbledore\rquote s the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of. With Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won\rquote 
t touch you. Anyway, who says the centaurs are right? It sounds like fortune-telling to me, and Professor McGonagall says that\rquote s a very imprecise branch of magic.\'94
\par The sky had turned light before they stopped talking. They went to bed exhausted, their throats sore. But the night\rquote s surprises weren\rquote t over.
\par When Harry pulled back his sheets, he found his Invisibility Cloak folded neatly underneath them. There was a note pinned to it:
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9129550 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Just in case.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 16
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Through the Trapdoor
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9129550 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 n years 
to come, Harry would never quite remember how he had managed to get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting through the door at any moment. Yet the days crept by, and there could be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and well 
behind the locked door.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
It was sweltering hot, especially in the large classroom where they did their written papers. They had been given special, new quills for the exams, which had been bewitched with an Anti-Cheating spell.
\par They had practical exams as well. Professor Flitwick called them one by one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tap-dance across a desk. Professor McGonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox \emdash 
 points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if it had whiskers. Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their necks while they tried to remem\-ber how to make a Forgetfulness potion.
\par Harry did the best he could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his forehead, which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the forest. Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because Harry couldn\rquote 
t sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.
\par Maybe it was because they hadn\rquote t seen what Harry had seen in the forest, or because they didn\rquote t have scars burning on their fore\-heads, but Ron and Hermione didn\rquote 
t seem as worried about the Stone as Harry. The idea of Voldemort certainly scared them, but he didn\rquote t keep visiting them in dreams, and they were so busy with their studying they didn\rquote 
t have much time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to.
\par Their very last exam was History of Magic. One hour of an\-swering questions about batty old wizards who\rquote d invented self-stirring cauldrons and they\rquote 
d be free, free for a whole wonderful week until their exam results came out. When the ghost of Profes\-sor Binns told them to put down their quills and roll up their parchment, Harry couldn\rquote t help cheering with the rest.
\par \'93That was far easier than I thought it would be,\'94 said Hermione as they joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds. \'93I needn\rquote t have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the Eager.\'94
\par Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers after\-ward, but Ron said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and flopped under a tree. The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were tickling the tentacles of a giant squid
, which was bask\-ing in the warm shallows.
\par \'93No more studying,\'94 Ron sighed happily, stretching out on the grass. \'93You could look more cheerful, Harry, we\rquote ve got a week be\-fore we find out how badly we\rquote ve done, there\rquote s no need to worry yet.\'94
\par Harry was rubbing his forehead.
\par \'93I wish I knew what this }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 means}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 !\'94 he burst out angrily. 
\'93My scar keeps hurting \emdash  it\rquote s happened before, but never as often as this.\'94
\par \'93Go to Madam Pomfrey,\'94 Hermione suggested.
\par \'93I\rquote m not ill,\'94 said Harry. \'93I think it\rquote s a warning }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
 it means danger\rquote s coming}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94
\par Ron couldn\rquote t get worked up, it was too hot.
\par \'93Harry, relax, Hermione\rquote s right, the Stone\rquote s safe as long as Dum\-bledore\rquote s around. Anyway, we\rquote ve never had any proof Snape found out how to get past Fluffy. He nearly had his leg ripped off once, he\rquote 
s not going to try it again in a hurry. And Neville will play Quid\-ditch for {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}England{\*\xmlclose} before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down.\'94
\par Harry nodded, but he couldn\rquote t shake off a lurking feeling that there was something he\rquote d forgotten to do, something important. When he tried to explain this, Hermione said, \'93That\rquote s just the ex\-
ams. I woke up last night and was halfway through my Transfigu\-ration notes before I remembered we\rquote d done that one.\'94
\par Harry was quite sure the unsettled feeling didn\rquote t have anything to do with work, though. He watched an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky, a note clamped in its mouth. Ha\-
grid was the only one who ever sent him letters. Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore. Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  never }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  but 
\emdash 
\par Harry suddenly jumped to his feet.
\par \'93Where\rquote re you going?\'94 said Ron sleepily.
\par \'93I\rquote ve just thought of something,\'94 said Harry. He had turned white. \'93We\rquote ve got to go and see Hagrid, now.\'94
\par \'93Why?\'94 panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up.
\par \'93Don\rquote t you think it\rquote s a bit odd,\'94 said Harry, scrambling up the grassy slope, \'93
that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket? How many people wander around with dragon eggs if it\rquote s against wizard law? Lucky they found Hagrid, don\rquote 
t you think? Why didn\rquote t I see it before?\'94
\par \'93What are you talking about?\'94 said Ron, but Harry, sprinting across the grounds toward the forest, didn\rquote t answer.
\par Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and sleeves were rolled up, and he was shelling peas into a large bowl.
\par \'93Hullo,\'94 he said, smiling. \'93Finished yer exams? Got time fer a drink?\'94
\par \'93Yes, please,\'94 said Ron, but Harry cut him off.
\par \'93No, we\rquote re in a hurry. Hagrid, I\rquote ve got to ask you something. You know that night you won Norbert? What did the stranger you were playing cards with look like?\'94
\par \'93Dunno,\'94 said Hagrid casually, \'93he wouldn\rquote  take his cloak off.\'94
\par He saw the three of them look stunned and raised his eye\-brows.
\par \'93It\rquote s not that unusual, yeh get a lot o\rquote  funny folk in the Hog\rquote s Head \emdash  that\rquote s one o\rquote  the pubs down in the village. Mighta bin a dragon dealer, mightn\rquote  he? I never saw his face, he kept his hood up.\'94

\par Harry sank down next to the bowl of peas.
\par \'93What did you talk to him about, Hagrid? Did you mention Hogwarts at all?\'94
\par \'93Mighta come up,\'94 said Hagrid, frowning as he tried to remem\-ber. \'93Yeah }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  he asked what I did, an\rquote  I told him I was gamekeeper here}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  He asked a bit about the sorta creatures I look after }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  so I told him }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
 an\rquote  I said what I\rquote d always really wanted was a dragon }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  an
\rquote  then }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  I can\rquote  remember too well, \rquote cause he kept buyin
\rquote  me drinks}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  Let\rquote s see }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  yeah, then he said he had the dragon egg an\rquote  we could play cards fer it if I wanted }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  but he had ter be sure I could handle it, he didn\rquote  want it ter go ter any old home}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  So I told him, after Fluffy, a dragon would be easy}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94
\par \'93And did he \emdash  did he seem interested in Fluffy?\'94 Harry asked, trying to keep his voice calm.
\par \'93Well \emdash  yeah \emdash  how many three-headed dogs d\rquote yeh meet, even around Hogwarts? So I told him, Fluffy\rquote s a piece o\rquote  cake if yeh know how to calm him down, jus\rquote  play him a bit o\rquote  music an\rquote  he\rquote 
ll go straight off ter sleep \emdash \'94
\par Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.
\par \'93I shouldn\rquote ta told yeh that!\'94 he blurted out. \'93Forget I said it! Hey \emdash  where\rquote re yeh goin\rquote ?\'94
\par Harry, Ron, and Hermione didn\rquote t speak to each other at all un\-til they came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy after the grounds.
\par \'93We\rquote ve got to go to Dumbledore,\'94 said Harry. \'93Hagrid told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Volde\-mort under that cloak \emdash  it must\rquote ve been easy, once he\rquote d got Ha\-
grid drunk. I just hope Dumbledore believes us. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Firenze{\*\xmlclose} might back us up if Bane doesn\rquote t stop him. Where\rquote s Dumbledore\rquote s office?\'94
\par They looked around, as if hoping to see a sign pointing them in the right direction. They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.
\par \'93We\rquote ll just have to \emdash \'94 Harry began, but a voice suddenly rang across the hall.
\par \'93What are you three doing inside?\'94
\par It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.
\par \'93We want to see Professor Dumbledore,\'94 said Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought.
\par \'93See Professor Dumbledore?\'94 Professor McGonagall repeated, as though this was a very fishy thing to want to do. \'93Why?\'94
\par Harry swallowed \emdash  now what?
\par \'93It\rquote s sort of secret,\'94 he said, but he wished at once he hadn\rquote t, be\-cause Professor McGonagall\rquote s nostrils flared.
\par \'93Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago,\'94 she said coldly. \'93He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose} at once.\'94
\par \'93He\rquote s }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 gone}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ?\'94 said Harry frantically. \'93}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Now}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ?\'94
\par \'93Professor Dumbledore is a very great wizard, Potter, he has many demands on his time \emdash \'94
\par \'93But this is important.\'94
\par \'93Something you have to say is more important than the Min\-istry of Magic, Potter?\'94
\par \'93Look,\'94 said Harry, throwing caution to the winds, \'93Pro\-fessor \emdash  it\rquote s about the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone \emdash \'94
\par Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected, it wasn\rquote t that. The books she was carrying tumbled out of her arms, but she didn\rquote t pick them up.
\par \'93How do you know \emdash  ?\'94 she spluttered.
\par \'93Professor, I think \emdash  I }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 know}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  \emdash  that Sn
\emdash  that someone\rquote s going to try and steal the Stone. I\rquote ve got to talk to Professor Dumble\-dore.\'94
\par She eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion.
\par \'93Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow,\'94 she said finally. \'93I don\rquote t know how you found out about the Stone, but rest assured, no one can possibly steal it, it\rquote s too well protected.\'94
\par \'93But Professor \emdash \'94
\par \'93Potter, I know what I\rquote m talking about,\'94 she said shortly. She bent down and gathered up the fallen books. \'93I suggest you all go back outside and enjoy the sunshine.\'94
\par But they didn\rquote t.
\par \'93It\rquote s tonight,\'94 said Harry, once he was sure Professor McGona\-gall was out of earshot. \'93Snape\rquote s going through the trapdoor tonight. He\rquote s found out everything he needs, and now he\rquote 
s got Dumbledore out of the way. He sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when Dumbledore turns up.\'94
\par \'93But what can we \emdash \'94
\par Hermione gasped. Harry and Ron wheeled round.
\par Snape was standing there.
\par \'93Good afternoon,\'94 he said smoothly.
\par They stared at him.
\par \'93You shouldn\rquote t be inside on a day like this,\'94 he said, with an odd, twisted smile.
\par \'93We were \emdash \'94 Harry began, without any idea what he was going to say.
\par \'93You want to be more careful,\'94 said Snape. \'93Hanging around like this, people will think you\rquote re up to something. And Gryffindor really can\rquote t afford to lose any more points, can it?\'94
\par Harry flushed. They turned to go outside, but Snape called them back.
\par \'93Be warned, Potter \emdash  any more nighttime wanderings and I will personally make sure you are expelled. Good day to you.\'94
\par He strode off in the direction of the staffroom.
\par Out on the stone steps, Harry turned to the others.
\par \'93Right, here\rquote s what we\rquote ve got to do,\'94 he whispered urgently. \'93One of us has got to keep an eye on Snape \emdash  wait outside the staffroom and follow him if he leaves it. Hermione, you\rquote d better do that.\'94
\par \'93Why me?\'94
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12007620 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'93Its obvious,\'94 said Ron. \'93You can pretend 
to be waiting for Professor Flitwick, you know.\'94 He put on a high voice, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'93 \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Oh Profes\-sor Flitwick, I\rquote m so worried, I think I got question fourteen }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 b }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 wrong}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85\rquote  \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9129550 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'93Oh, shut up,\'94
 said Hermione, but she agreed to go and watch out for Snape.
\par \'93And we\rquote d better stay outside the third-floor corridor,\'94 Harry told Ron. \'93Come on.\'94
\par But that part of the plan didn\rquote t work. No sooner had they reached the door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.
\par \'93I suppose you think you\rquote re harder to get past than a pack of en\-chantments!\'94 she stormed. \'93Enough of this nonsense! If I hear you\rquote ve come anywhere near here again, I\rquote 
ll take another fifty points from Gryffindor! Yes, Weasley, from my own House!\'94
\par Harry and Ron went back to the common room. Harry had just said, \'93At least Hermione\rquote s on Snape\rquote s tail,\'94 when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came in.
\par \'93I\rquote m sorry, Harry!\'94 she wailed. \'93Snape came out and asked me what I was doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and Snape went to get him, and I\rquote ve only just got away, I don\rquote t know where Snape went.\'94
\par \'93Well, that\rquote s it then, isn\rquote t it?\'94 Harry said.
\par The other two stared at him. He was pale and his eyes were glit\-tering.
\par \'93I\rquote m going out of here tonight and I\rquote m going to try and get to the Stone first.\'94
\par \'93You\rquote re mad!\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93You can\rquote t!\'94 said Hermione. \'93After what McGonagall and Snape have said? You\rquote ll be expelled!\'94
\par \'93SO WHAT?\'94 Harry shouted. \'93Don\rquote t you understand? If Snape gets hold of the Stone, Voldemort\rquote s coming back! Haven\rquote t you heard what it was like when he was trying to take over? There won\rquote 
t be any Hogwarts to get expelled from! He\rquote ll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the Dark Arts! Losing points doesn\rquote t matter any\-more, can\rquote t you see? D\rquote you think he\rquote 
ll leave you and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the House Cup? If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, I\rquote ll have to go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, its only dying a bit later tha
n I would have, because I\rquote m never going over to the Dark Side! I\rquote m going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing you two say is going to stop me! Voldemort killed my parents, remember?\'94
\par He glared at them.
\par \'93You\rquote re right, Harry,\'94 said Hermione in a small voice.
\par \'93I\rquote ll use the Invisibility Cloak,\'94 said Harry. \'93It\rquote s just lucky I got it back.\'94
\par \'93But will it cover all three of us?\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93All \emdash  all three of us?\'94
\par \'93Oh, come off it, you don\rquote t think we\rquote d let you go alone?\'94
\par \'93Of course not,\'94 said Hermione briskly. \'93How do you think you\rquote d get to the Stone without us? I\rquote d better go and look through my books, there might be something useful}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94
\par \'93But if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too.\'94
\par \'93Not if I can help it,\'94 said Hermione grimly. \'93Flitwick told me in secret that I got a hundred and twelve percent on his exam. They\rquote re not throwing me out after that.\'94
\par 
\par After dinner the three of them sat nervously apart in the common room. Nobody bothered them; none of the Gryffindors had any\-thing to say to Harry any more, after all. This was the first night he hadn\rquote 
t been upset by it. Hermione was skimming through all her notes, hoping to come across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break. Harry and Ron didn\rquote t talk much. Both of them were thinking about what they were about to do.
\par Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.
\par \'93Better get the cloak,\'94 Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left, stretching and yawning. Harry ran upstairs to their dark dormi\-tory. He pulled out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Ha\-
grid had given him for Christmas. He pocketed it to use on Fluffy \emdash  he didn\rquote t feel much like singing.
\par He ran back down to the common room.
\par \'93We\rquote d better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of us \emdash  if Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own \emdash \'94
\par \'93What are you doing?\'94 said a voice from the corner of the room. Neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though he\rquote d been making another bid for free\-dom.
\par \'93Nothing, Neville, nothing,\'94 said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back.
\par Neville stared at their guilty faces.
\par \'93You\rquote re going out again,\'94 he said.
\par \'93No, no, no,\'94 said Hermione. \'93No, we\rquote re not. Why don\rquote t you go to bed, Neville?\'94
\par Harry looked at the grandfather clock by the door. They couldn\rquote t afford to waste any more time, Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.
\par \'93You can\rquote t go out,\'94 said Neville, \'93you\rquote ll be caught again. Gryffindor will be in even more trouble.\'94
\par \'93You don\rquote t understand,\'94 said Harry, \'93this is important.\'94
\par But Neville was clearly steeling himself to do something desper\-ate.
\par \'93I won\rquote t let you do it,\'94 he said, hurrying to stand in front of the portrait hole. \'93I\rquote ll \emdash  I\rquote ll fight you!\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Neville}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94 Ron exploded, \'93get away from that hole and don\rquote t be an idiot \emdash \'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t you call me an idiot!\'94 said Neville. \'93I don\rquote t think you should be breaking any more rules! And you were the one who told me to stand up to people!\'94
\par \'93Yes, but not to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 us}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94 said Ron in exasperation. \'93Neville, you don\rquote t know what you\rquote re doing.\'94
\par He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt out of sight.
\par \'93Go on then, try and hit me!\'94 said Neville, raising his fists. \'93I\rquote m ready!\'94
\par Harry turned to Hermione.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Do something}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94 he said desperately.
\par Hermione stepped forward.
\par \'93Neville,\'94 she said, \'93I\rquote m really, really sorry about this.\'94
\par She raised her wand.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Petrificus Totalus}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 !\'94 she cried, pointing it at Neville.

\par Neville\rquote s arms snapped to his sides. His legs sprang together. His whole body rigid, he swayed where he stood and then fell flat on his face, stiff as a board.
\par Hermione ran to turn him over. Neville\rquote s jaws were jammed to\-gether so he couldn\rquote t speak. Only his eyes were moving, looking at them in horror.
\par \'93What\rquote ve you done to him?\'94 Harry whispered.
\par \'93It\rquote s the full Body-Bind,\'94 said Hermione miserably. \'93Oh, Neville, I\rquote m so sorry.\'94
\par \'93We had to, Neville, no time to explain,\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93You\rquote ll understand later, Neville,\'94 said Ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the Invisibility Cloak.
\par But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn\rquote t feel like a very good omen. In their nervous state, every statue\rquote s shadow looked like Filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like Peeves swooping down on them.
\par At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top.
\par \'93Oh, let\rquote s kick her, just this once,\'94 Ron whispered in Harry\rquote s ear, but Harry shook his head. As they climbed carefully around her, Mrs. Norris turned her lamplike eyes on them, but didn\rquote t do any\-thing.
\par They didn\rquote t meet anyone else until they reached the staircase up to the third floor. Peeves was bobbing halfway up, loosening the carpet so that people would trip.
\par \'93Who\rquote s there?\'94 he said suddenly as they climbed toward him. He narrowed his wicked black eyes. \'93Know you\rquote re there, even if I can\rquote t see you. Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?\'94
\par He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.
\par \'93Should call Filch, I should, if something\rquote s a-creeping around unseen.\'94
\par Harry had a sudden idea.
\par \'93Peeves,\'94 he said, in a hoarse whisper, \'93the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible.\'94
\par Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock. He caught himself in time and hovered about a foot off the stairs.
\par \'93So sorry, your bloodiness, Mr. Baron, sir,\'94 he said greasily. \'93My mistake, my mistake \emdash  I didn\rquote t see you \emdash  of course I didn\rquote t, you\rquote re invisible \emdash  forgive old Peevsie his little joke, sir.\'94
\par \'93I have business here, Peeves,\'94 croaked Harry. \'93Stay away from this place tonight.\'94
\par \'93I will, sir, I most certainly will,\'94 said Peeves, rising up in the air again. \'93Hope your business goes well, Baron, I\rquote ll not bother you.\'94
\par And he scooted off.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Brilliant}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  Harry!\'94 whispered Ron.
\par A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor cor\-ridor \emdash  and the door was already ajar.
\par \'93Well, there you are,\'94 Harry said quietly, \'93Snape\rquote s already got past Fluffy.\'94
\par Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them what was facing them. Underneath the cloak, Harry turned to the other two.
\par \'93If you want to go back, I won\rquote t blame you,\'94 he said. \'93You can take the cloak, I won\rquote t need it now.\'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t be stupid,\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93We\rquote re coming,\'94 said Hermione.
\par Harry pushed the door open.
\par As the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their ears. All three of the dog\rquote s noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it couldn\rquote t see them.
\par \'93What\rquote s that at its feet?\'94 Hermione whispered.
\par \'93Looks like a harp,\'94 said Ron. \'93Snape must have left it there.\'94
\par \'93It must wake up the moment you stop playing,\'94 said Harry. \'93Well, here goes }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94
\par He put Hagrid\rquote s flute to his lips and blew. It wasn\rquote t really a tune, but from the first note the beast\rquote s eyes began to droop. Harry hardly drew breath. Slowly, the dog\rquote s growls ceased \emdash 
 it tottered on its paws and fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep.
\par \'93Keep playing,\'94 Ron warned Harry as they slipped out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor. They could feel the dog\rquote s hot, smelly breath as they approached the giant heads.
\par \'93I think we\rquote ll be able to pull the door open,\'94 said Ron, peering over the dog\rquote s back. \'93Want to go first, Hermione?\'94
\par \'93No, I don\rquote t!\'94
\par \'93All right.\'94 Ron gritted his teeth and stepped carefully over the dog\rquote s legs. He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and open.
\par \'93What can you see?\'94 Hermione said anxiously.
\par \'93Nothing \emdash  just black \emdash  there\rquote s no way of climbing down, we\rquote ll just have to drop.\'94
\par Harry, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to get his at\-tention and pointed at himself.
\par \'93You want to go first? Are you sure?\'94 said Ron. \'93I don\rquote t know how deep this thing goes. Give the flute to Hermione so she can keep him asleep.\'94
\par Harry handed the flute over. In the few seconds\rquote  silence, the dog growled and twitched, but the moment Hermione began to play, it fell back into its deep sleep.
\par Harry climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor. There was no sign of the bottom.
\par He lowered himself through the hole until he was hanging on by his fingertips. Then he looked up at Ron and said, \'93If anything happens to me, don\rquote t follow. Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, right?\'94
\par \'93Right,\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93See you in a minute, I hope}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94
\par And Harry let go. Cold, damp air rushed past him as he fell down, down, down and \emdash 
\par FLUMP. With a funny, muffled sort of thump he landed on something soft. He sat up and felt around, his eyes not used to the gloom. It felt as though he was sitting on some sort of plant.
\par \'93It\rquote s okay!\'94 he called up to the light the size of a postage stamp, which was the open trapdoor, \'93it\rquote s a soft landing, you can jump!\'94
\par Ron followed right away. He landed, sprawled next to Harry.
\par \'93What\rquote s this stuff?\'94 were his first words.
\par \'93Dunno, some sort of plant thing. I suppose it\rquote s here to break the fall. Come on, Hermione!\'94
\par The distant music stopped. There was a loud bark from the dog, but Hermione had already jumped. She landed on Harry\rquote s other side.
\par \'93We must be miles under the school,\'94 she said.
\par \'93Lucky this plant thing\rquote s here, really,\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Lucky}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 !\'94 shrieked Hermione. \'93Look at you both!\'94

\par She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall. She had to struggle because the moment
 she had landed, the plant had started to twist snakelike tendrils around her ankles. As for Harry and Ron, their legs had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.
\par Hermione had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on her. Now she watched in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant off them, but the more they strained against it, the tighter and faster the plant wound around them.
\par \'93Stop moving!\'94 Hermione ordered them. \'93I know what this is \emdash  it\rquote s Devil\rquote s Snare!\'94
\par \'93Oh, I\rquote m so glad we know what it\rquote s called, that\rquote s a great help,\'94 snarled Ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his neck.
\par \'93Shut up, I\rquote m trying to remember how to kill it!\'94 said Her\-mione.
\par \'93Well, hurry up, I can\rquote t breathe!\'94 Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around his chest.
\par \'93Devil\rquote s Snare, Devil\rquote s Snare }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
 what did Professor Sprout say? \emdash  it likes the dark and the damp \emdash \'94
\par \'93So light a fire!\'94 Harry choked.
\par \'93Yes \emdash  of course \emdash  but there\rquote s no wood!\'94 Hermione cried, wringing her hands.
\par \'93HAVE YOU GONE MAD?\'94 Ron bellowed. \'93ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?\'94
\par \'93Oh, right!\'94 said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on Snape at the plant. In a matt
er of seconds, the two boys felt it loosening its grip as it cringed away from the light and warmth. Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they were able to pull free.
\par \'93Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione,\'94 said Harry as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.
\par \'93Yeah,\'94 said Ron, \'93and lucky Harry doesn\rquote t lose his head in a cri\-sis \emdash  \lquote there\rquote s no wood,\rquote  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 honestly}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94
\par \'93This way,\'94 said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the only way forward.
\par All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of water trickling down the walls. The passageway sloped down\-
ward, and Harry was reminded of Gringotts. With an unpleasant jolt of the heart, he remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizards\rquote  bank. If they met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon \emdash  Norbert had been bad enough }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par \'93Can you hear something?\'94 Ron whispered.
\par Harry listened. A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be com\-ing from up ahead.
\par \'93Do you think it\rquote s a ghost?\'94
\par \'93I don\rquote t know }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  sounds like wings to me.\'94
\par \'93There\rquote s light ahead \emdash  I can see something moving.\'94
\par They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them. It was full of small, jewel-bright bi
rds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room. On the opposite side of the chamber was a heavy wooden door.
\par \'93Do you think they\rquote ll attack us if we cross the room?\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93Probably,\'94 said Harry. \'93They don\rquote t look very vicious, but I sup\-pose if they all swooped down at once }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  well, there\rquote s no other choice }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  I\rquote ll run.\'94
\par He took a deep breath, covered his face with his arms, and sprinted across the room. He expected to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at him any second, but nothing happened. He reached the door untouched. He pulled the handle, but it was locked.
\par The other two followed him. They tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldn\rquote t budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora Charm.
\par \'93Now what?\'94 said Ron.
\par \'93These birds }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  they can\rquote t be here just for decoration,\'94
 said Hermione.
\par They watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 glitter\-ing}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ?
\par \'93They\rquote re not birds!\'94 Harry said suddenly. \'93They\rquote re }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 keys}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ! Winged keys \emdash  look carefully. So that must mean }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94 he looked around the chamber while the other two squinted up at the flock of keys. \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  yes \emdash  look! Broomsticks! We\rquote ve got to catch the key to the door!\'94
\par \'93But there are }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 hundreds}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  of them!\'94
\par Ron examined the lock on the door.
\par \'93We\rquote re looking for a big, old-fashioned one \emdash  probably silver, like the handle.\'94
\par They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soar\-ing into the midst of the cloud of keys. They grabbed and snatched, but the bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was almost impossible to catch one.
\par Not for nothing, though, was Harry the youngest Seeker in a century. He had a knack for spotting things other people didn\rquote t. Af\-ter a minute\rquote 
s weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had al\-ready been caught and stuffed roughly into the keyhole.
\par \'93That one!\'94 he called to the others. \'93That big one \emdash  there \emdash  no, there \emdash  with bright blue wings \emdash  the feathers are all crum\-pled on one side.\'94
\par Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing, crashed into the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.
\par \'93We\rquote ve got to close in on it!\'94 Harry called, not taking his eyes off the key with the damaged wing. \'93Ron, you come at it from above \emdash  Hermione, stay below and stop it from going down \emdash  and I\rquote ll try and c
atch it. Right, NOW!\'94
\par Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one hand. Ron and Hermione\rquote s
 cheers echoed around the high chamber.
\par They landed quickly, and Harry ran to the door, the key strug\-gling in his hand. He rammed it into the lock and turned \emdash  it worked. The moment the lock had clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very batter
ed now that it had been caught twice.
\par \'93Ready?\'94 Harry asked the other two, his hand on the door han\-dle. They nodded. He pulled the door open.
\par The next chamber was so dark they couldn\rquote t see anything at all. But as they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to re\-veal an astonishing sight.
\par They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black stone. Facing them, way across the chamber, were the white pieces. Harry, Ron and Hermione shiv\-
ered slightly \emdash  the towering white chessmen had no faces.
\par \'93Now what do we do?\'94 Harry whispered.
\par \'93It\rquote s obvious, isn\rquote t it?\'94 said Ron. \'93We\rquote ve got to play our way across the room.\'94
\par Behind the white pieces they could see another door.
\par \'93How?\'94 said Hermione nervously.
\par \'93I think,\'94 said Ron, \'93we\rquote re going to have to be chessmen.\'94
\par He walked up to a black knight and put his hand out to touch the knights horse. At once, the stone sprang to life. The horse pawed the ground and the knight turned his helmeted head to look down at Ron.
\par \'93Do we \emdash  er \emdash  have to join you to get across?\'94
\par The black knight nodded. Ron turned to the other two.
\par \'93This needs thinking about}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94 he said. \'93I suppose we\rquote 
ve got to take the place of three of the black pieces}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94
\par Harry and Hermione stayed quiet, watching Ron think. Finally he said, \'93Now, don\rquote t be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at chess \emdash \'94
\par \'93We\rquote re not offended,\'94 said Harry quickly. \'93Just tell us what to do.\'94
\par \'93Well, Harry, you take the place of that bishop, and Hermione, you go there instead of that castle.\'94
\par \'93What about you?\'94
\par \'93I\rquote m going to be a knight,\'94 said Ron.
\par The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a knight, a bishop, and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Harry, Ron, and Hermione took.
\par \'93White always plays first in chess,\'94 said Ron, peering across the board. \'93Yes }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  look }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94

\par A white pawn had moved forward two squares.
\par Ron started to direct the black pieces. They moved silently wherever he sent them. Harry\rquote s knees were trembling. What if they lost?
\par \'93Harry \emdash  move diagonally four squares to the right.\'94
\par Their first real shock came when their other knight was taken. The white queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he lay quite still, facedown.
\par \'93Had to let that happen,\'94 said Ron, looking shaken. \'93Leaves you free to take that bishop, Hermione, go on.\'94
\par Every time one of their men was lost, the white pieces showe
d no mercy. Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall. Twice, Ron only just noticed in time that Harry and Hermione were in danger. He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white pieces as they had lost black on
es.
\par \'93We\rquote re nearly there,\'94 he muttered suddenly. \'93Let me think \emdash  let me think }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94
\par The white queen turned her blank face toward him.
\par \'93Yes }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94 said Ron softly, \'93it\rquote s the only way }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550  I\rquote ve got to be taken.\'94
\par \'93NO!\'94 Harry and Hermione shouted.
\par \'93That\rquote s chess!\'94 snapped Ron. \'93You\rquote ve got to make some sacri\-fices! I make my move and she\rquote ll take me \emdash  that leaves you free to checkmate the king, Harry!\'94
\par \'93But \emdash \'94
\par \'93Do you want to stop Snape or not?\'94
\par \'93Ron \emdash \'94
\par \'93Look, if you don\rquote t hurry up, he\rquote ll already have the Stone!\'94
\par There was no alternative.
\par \'93Ready?\'94 Ron called, his face pale but determined. \'93Here I go \emdash  now, don\rquote t hang around once you\rquote ve won.\'94
\par He stepped forward, and the white queen pounced. She struck Ron hard across the head with her stone arm, and he crashed to the floor \emdash  Hermione screamed but stayed on her square \emdash  the white queen dragged Ron to one side. He looked as if he
\rquote d been knocked out.
\par Shaking, Harry moved three spaces to the left.
\par The white king took off his crown and threw it at Harry\rquote s feet. They had w
on. The chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear. With one last desperate look back at Ron, Harry and Hermione charged through the door and up the next passageway.
\par \'93What if he\rquote s \emdash  ?\'94
\par \'93He\rquote ll be all right,\'94 said Harry, trying to convince himself. \'93What do you reckon\rquote s next?\'94
\par \'93We\rquote ve had Sprout\rquote s, that was the Devils Snare; Flitwick must\rquote ve put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell\rquote s spell, and Snape\rquote s }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94
\par They had reached another door.
\par \'93All right?\'94 Harry whispered.
\par \'93Go on.\'94
\par Harry pushed it open.
\par A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their robes up over their noses. Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on its head.

\par \'93I\rquote m glad we didn\rquote t have to fight that one,\'94 Harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its massive legs. \'93Come on, I can\rquote t breathe.\'94
\par He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what came next \emdash  but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.
\par \'93Snape\rquote s,\'94 said Harry. \'93What do we have to do?\'94
\par They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind them in the doorway. It wasn\rquote t ordinary fire either; it was purple. At the same instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward. They were trapped.
\par \'93Look!\'94 Hermione seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles. Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Two of us will help you, whichever you would find,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 One among us seven will let you move ahead,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Another will transport the drinker back instead,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Two among our number hold only nettle wine,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Three of us are killers, waiting hidden in line.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 First, however slyly the poison tries to hide}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 You will always find some on nettle wine\rquote s left side;}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Second, different are those who stand at either end,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Fourth, the second left and the second on the right}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par 
\par Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Brilliant}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'94 said Hermione. \'93This isn\rquote t magic \emdash  it\rquote s logic \emdash  a puzzle. A lot of the greatest wizards haven\rquote t got an ounce of logic, they\rquote 
d be stuck in here forever.\'94
\par \'93But so will we, won\rquote t we?\'94
\par \'93Of course not,\'94 said Hermione. \'93Everything we need is here on this paper. Seven bottles: three are poison; two are wine; one will get us safely through the black fire, and one will get us back through the purple.\'94
\par \'93But how do we know which to drink?\'94
\par \'93Give me a minute.\'94
\par Hermione read the paper several times. Then she walked up and down the line of bottles, muttering to herself and pointing at them. At last, she clapped her hands.
\par \'93Got it,\'94 she said. \'93The smallest bottle will get us through the black fire \emdash  toward the Stone.\'94
\par Harry looked at the tiny bottle.
\par \'93There\rquote s only enough there for one of us,\'94 he said. \'93That\rquote s hardly one swallow.\'94
\par They looked at each other.
\par \'93Which one will get you back through the purple flames?\'94
\par Hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line.
\par \'93You drink that,\'94 said Harry. \'93No, listen, get back and get Ron. Grab brooms from the flying-key room, they\rquote ll get you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy \emdash 
 go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, we need him. I might be able to hold Snape off for a while, but I\rquote m no match for him, really.\'94
\par \'93But Harry \emdash  what if You-Know-Who\rquote s with him?\'94
\par \'93Well \emdash  I was lucky once, wasn\rquote t I?\'94 said Harry, pointing at his scar. \'93I might get lucky again.\'94
\par Hermione\rquote s lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Harry and threw her arms around him.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 Hermione}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 !\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
\par \'93Harry \emdash  you\rquote re a great wizard, you know.\'94
\par \'93I\rquote m not as good as you,\'94 said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of him.
\par \'93Me!\'94 said Hermione. \'93Books! And cleverness! There are more important things \emdash  friendship and bravery and \emdash  oh Harry \emdash  be }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 
careful}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550\charrsid9129550 !\'94
\par \'93You drink first,\'94 said Harry. \'93You are sure which is which, aren\rquote t you?\'94
\par \'93Positive,\'94 said Hermione. She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end, and shuddered.
\par \'93It\rquote s not poison?\'94 said Harry anxiously.
\par \'93No \emdash  but it\rquote s like ice.\'94
\par \'93Quick, go, before it wears off.\'94
\par \'93Good luck \emdash  take care \emdash \'94
\par \'93GO!\'94
\par Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire.
\par Harry took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle. He turned to face the black flames.
\par \'93Here I come,\'94 he said, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp.
\par It was indeed as though ice was flooding his body. He put the bottle down and walked forward; he braced himself, saw the black flames licking his body, but couldn\rquote t feel them \emdash  for a moment he could see nothing but dark fire \emdash 
 then he was on the other side, in the last chamber.
\par There was already someone there \emdash  but it wasn\rquote t Snape. It wasn\rquote t even Voldemort.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15223932 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 \page }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs36\insrsid9129550\charrsid15223932 Chapter 17
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs36 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs36\insrsid9129550 The Man With Two Faces
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid9129550 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12605250 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 t was Quirrell. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 You}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 !\'94 gasped Harry.
\par Quirrell smiled. His face wasn\rquote t twitching at all.
\par \'93Me,\'94 he said calmly. \'93I wondered whether I\rquote d be meeting you here, Potter.\'94
\par \'93But I thought \emdash  Snape \emdash \'94
\par \'93Severus?\'94 Quirrell laughed, and it wasn\rquote t his usual quivering treble, either, but cold and sharp. \'93Yes, Severus does seem the type, doesn\rquote t he? So useful to have him swooping around like an over\-g
rown bat. Next to him, who would suspect p-p-poor, st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell?\'94
\par Harry couldn\rquote t take it in. This couldn\rquote t be true, it couldn\rquote t.
\par \'93But Snape tried to kill me!\'94
\par \'93No, no, no. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
 tried to kill you. Your friend Miss Granger acci\-dentally knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch match. She broke my eye contact with you. Another few seconds and I\rquote d have got you off that broom. I\rquote 
d have managed it before then if Snape hadn\rquote t been muttering a countercurse, try\-ing to save you.\'94
\par \'93Snape was trying to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 save}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  me?\'94
\par \'93Of course,\'94 said Quirrell coolly. \'93Why do you think he wanted to referee your next match? He was trying to make sure I didn\rquote t do it again. Funny, really }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  he needn\rquote t have bothered. I couldn\rquote t do anything with 
Dumbledore watching. All the other teachers thought Snape was trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 did }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 make himself unpopular }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  and what a waste of time, when after all that, I\rquote m going to kill you tonight.\'94
\par Quirrell snapped his fingers. Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped themselves tightly around Harry.
\par \'93You\rquote re too nosy to live, Potter. Scurrying around the school on Halloween like that, for all I knew you\rquote d seen me coming to look at what was guarding the Stone.\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 You}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  let the troll in?\'94
\par \'93Certainly. I have a special gift with trolls \emdash 
 you must have seen what I did to the one in the chamber back there? Unfortunately, while everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off \emdash 
 and not only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog didn\rquote t even manage to bite Snape\rquote s leg off properly.
\par \'93Now, wait quietly, Potter. I need to examine this interesting mirror.\'94
\par It was only then that Harry realized what was standing behind Quirrell. It was the Mirror of Erised.
\par \'93This mirror is the key to finding the Stone,\'94 Quirrell mur\-mured, tapping his way around the frame. \'93Trust Dumbledore to come up with something like this }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  but he\rquote s in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose} }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 
\'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  I\rquote ll be far away by the time he gets back}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par All Harry could think of doing was to keep Quirrell talking and stop him from concentrating on the mirror.
\par \'93I saw you and Snape in the forest \emdash \'94 he blurted out.
\par \'93Yes,\'94 said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the back. \'93He was on to me by that time, trying to find out how far I\rquote d got. He suspected me all along. Tried to frighten me \emdash 
 as though he could, when I had Lord Voldemort on my side}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and stared hun\-grily into it.
\par \'93I see the Stone }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  I\rquote m presenting it to my master }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  but where is it?\'94
\par Harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn\rquote t give. He }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 had}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  to keep Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror.
\par \'93But Snape always seemed to hate me so much.\'94
\par \'93Oh, he does,\'94 said Quirrell casually, \'93heavens, yes. He was at Hogwarts with your father, didn\rquote t you know? They loathed each other. But he never wanted you }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 dead}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par \'93But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing \emdash  I thought Snape was threatening you.
\par For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell\rquote s face.
\par \'93Sometimes,\'94 he said, \'93I find it hard to follow my master\rquote s in\-structions \emdash  he is a great wizard and I am weak \emdash \'94
\par \'93You mean he was there in the classroom with you?\'94 Harry gasped.
\par \'93He is with me wherever I go,\'94 said Quirrell quietly. \'93
I met him when I traveled around the world. A foolish young man I was then, full of ridiculous ideas about good and evil. Lord Voldemort showed me how wrong I was. There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seek it}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
 Since then, I have served him faithfully, although I have let him down many times. He has had to be very hard on me.\'94 Quirrell shivered sud\-denly. \'93He does not forgive mistakes easily. When I failed to steal the Stone 
from Gringotts, he was most displeased. He pun\-ished me }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
 decided he would have to keep a closer watch on me}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par Quirrell\rquote s voice trailed away. Harry was remembering his trip to Diagon Alley \emdash  how could he have been so stupid? He\rquote d }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 seen }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 Quirrell there that very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron.
\par Quirrell cursed under his breath.
\par \'93I don\rquote t understand }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  is the Stone }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 inside}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  the mirror? Should I break it?\'94
\par Harry\rquote s mind was racing.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 , he thought, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
is to find the Stone before Quirrell does. So if I look in the mirror, I should see myself finding it \emdash  which means I\rquote ll see where it\rquote s hidden! But how can I look without Quirrell realizing what I\rquote m up to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
\par He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass without Quirrell noticing, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight: he tripped and fell over. Quirrell ignored him. He was still talking to himself.
\par \'93What does this mirror do? How does it work? Help me, Master!\'94
\par And to Harry\rquote s horror, a voice answered, and the voice seemed to come from Quirrell himself.
\par \'93Use the boy }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  Use the boy }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par Quirrell rounded on Harry.
\par \'93Yes \emdash  Potter \emdash  come here.\'94
\par He clapped his hands once, and the ropes binding Harry fell off. Harry got slowly to his feet.
\par \'93Come here,\'94 Quirrell repeated. \'93Look in the mirror and tell me what you see.\'94
\par Harry walked toward him.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 I must lie, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 he thought desperately. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 I must look and lie about what I see, that\rquote s all}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
\par Quirrell moved close behind him. Harry breathed in the funny smell that seemed to come from Quirrell\rquote s turban. He closed his eyes, stepped in front of the mirror, and opened them again.
\par He saw his reflection, pale and scared-looking at first. But a mo\-ment later, the reflection smiled at him. It put its hand into its pocket and pulled out a blood-red stone. It winked and put the Stone back in its pocket \emdash 
 and as it did so, Harry felt something heavy drop into his real pocket. Somehow \emdash  incredibly \emdash  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 he\rquote d gotten the Stone}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
\par \'93Well?\'94 said Quirrell impatiently. \'93What do you see?\'94
\par Harry screwed up his courage.
\par \'93I see myself shaking hands with Dumbledore,\'94 he invented. \'93I \emdash  I\rquote ve won the House Cup for Gryffindor.\'94
\par Quirrell cursed again.
\par \'93Get out of the way,\'94 he said. As Harry moved aside, he felt the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone against his leg. Dare he make a break for it?
\par But he hadn\rquote t walked five paces before a high voice spoke, though Quirrell wasn\rquote t moving his lips.
\par \'93He lies }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  He lies }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par \'93Potter, come back here!\'94 Quirrell shouted. \'93Tell me the truth! What did you just see?\'94
\par The high voice spoke again.
\par \'93Let me speak to him }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  face-to-face}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par \'93Master, you are not strong enough!\'94
\par \'93I have strength enough }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  for this}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par Harry felt as if Devil\rquote s Snare was rooting him to the spot. He couldn\rquote t move a muscle. Petrified, he watched as Quirrell reached up and began to unwrap his turban. What was going on? The tur\-ban fell away. Quirrell\rquote 
s head looked strangely small without it. Then he turned slowly on the spot.
\par Harry would have screamed, but he couldn\rquote t make a sound. Where there should have been a back to Quirrell\rquote 
s head, there was a face, the most terrible face Harry had ever seen. It was chalk white with glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.
\par \'93Harry Potter }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94 it whispered.
\par Harry tried to take a step backward but his legs wouldn\rquote t move.
\par \'93See what I have become?\'94 the face said. \'93Mere shadow and va\-por }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
 I have form only when I can share another\rquote s body }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
 but there have always been those willing to let me into their hearts and minds}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  Unicorn blood has strengthened me, these past weeks }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  you saw faithful Quirrell drinking it for me in the for\-est }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  and once I have the Elixir of Life, I will be able to create a body of my own}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  Now }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  why don\rquote t you give me that Stone in your pocket?\'94
\par So he knew. The feeling suddenly surged back into Harry\rquote s legs. He stumbled backward.
\par \'93Don\rquote t be a fool,\'94 snarled the face. \'93Better save your own life and join me }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  or you\rquote ll meet the same end as your parents}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  They died begging me for mercy}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par \'93LIAR!\'94 Harry shouted suddenly.
\par Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that Voldemort could still see him. The evil face was now smiling.
\par \'93How touching }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94 it hissed. \'93I always value bravery}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  Yes, boy, your parents were brave}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  I killed your father first, and he put up a courageous fight }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  but your mother needn\rquote t have died }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  she was trying to protect you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have died in vain.\'94
\par \'93NEVER!\'94
\par Harry sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed \'93SEIZE HIM!\'94 and the next second, Harry felt Quirrell\rquote s hand close on his wrist. At once, a needle-sharp pain seared across Harry\rquote 
s scar; his head felt as though it was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his might, and to his surprise, Quirrell let go of him. The pain in his head lessened \emdash 
 he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers \emdash  they were blistering before his eyes.
\par \'93Seize him! SEIZE HIM!\'94 shrieked Voldemort again, and Quir\-rell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet, landing on top of him, both hands around Harry\rquote s neck \emdash  Harry\rquote 
s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.
\par \'93Master, I cannot hold him \emdash  my hands \emdash  my hands!\'94
\par And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms \emdash  Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.
\par \'93Then kill him, fool, and be done!\'94 screeched Voldemort.
\par Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell\rquote s face \emdash 
\par \'93AAAARGH!\'94
\par Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn\rquote t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain \emdash  his only
 chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.
\par Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could. Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Harry off \emdash  the pain in Harry\rquote s head was building \emdash  he couldn\rquote t see \emdash 
 he could only hear Quirrell\rquote s terrible shrieks and Voldemort\rquote s yells of, \'93KILL HIM! KILL HIM!\'94 and other voices, maybe in Harry\rquote s own head, crying, \'93Harry! Harry!\'94
\par He felt Quirrell\rquote s arm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and fell into blackness, down }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  down }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
 down }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
\par 
\par Something gold was glinting just above him. The Snitch! He tried to catch it, but his arms were too heavy.
\par He blinked. It wasn\rquote t the Snitch at all. It was a pair of glasses. How strange.
\par He blinked again. The smiling face of Albus Dumbledore swam into view above him.
\par \'93Good afternoon, Harry,\'94 said Dumbledore.
\par Harry stared at him. Then he remembered: \'93Sir! The Stone! It was Quirrell! He\rquote s got the Stone! Sir, quick \emdash \'94
\par \'93Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times,\'94 said Dumbledore. \'93Quirrell does not have the Stone.\'94
\par \'93Then who does? Sir, I \emdash \'94
\par \'93Harry, please relax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me thrown out.\'94
\par Harry swallowed and looked around him. He realized he must be in the hospital wing. He was lying in a bed with white linen sheets, and next to him was a table piled high with what looked like half the candy shop.
\par \'93Tokens from your friends and admirers,\'94 said Dumbledore, beaming. \'93What happened down in the dungeons between you and 
Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows. I believe your friends Misters Fred and George Weasley were responsible for trying to send you a toilet seat. No doubt they thought it would amuse you. Madam Pomfrey, how\-
ever, felt it might not be very hygienic, and confiscated it.\'94
\par \'93How long have I been in here?\'94
\par \'93Three days. Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved you have come round, they have been extremely worried.\'94
\par \'93But sir, the Stone \emdash \'94
\par \'93I see you are not to be distracted. Very well, the Stone. Profes\-sor Quirrell did not manage to take it from you. I arrived in time to prevent that, although you were doing very well on your own, I must say.\'94
\par \'93You got there? You got Hermione\rquote s owl?\'94
\par \'93We must have crossed in midair. No sooner had I reached {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Lon\-don{\*\xmlclose} than it became clear to me that the place I should be was the one I had just left. I arrived just in time to pull Quirrell off you 
\emdash \'94
\par \'93It was }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par \'93I feared I might be too late.\'94
\par \'93You nearly were, I couldn\rquote t have kept him off the Stone much longer \emdash \'94
\par \'93Not the Stone, boy, you \emdash  the effort involved nearly killed you. For one terrible moment there, I was afraid it had. As for the Stone, it has been destroyed.\'94
\par \'93Destroyed?\'94 said Harry blankly. \'93But your friend \emdash  Nicolas Flamel \emdash \'94
\par \'93Oh, you know about Nicolas?\'94 said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted. \'93You }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 did}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  do the thing properly, didn\rquote t you? Well, Nicolas and I have had a little chat, and agreed it\rquote s all for the best.\'94
\par \'93But that means he and his wife will die, won\rquote t they?\'94
\par \'93They have enough Elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then, yes, they will die.\'94
\par Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on Harry\rquote s face.
\par \'93To one as young as you, I\rquote m sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 very }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
long day. After all, to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure. You know, the Stone was really not such a wonderful thing. As much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings would choose above all \emdash 
 the trou\-ble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.\'94
\par Harry lay there, lost for words. Dumbledore hummed a little and smiled at the ceiling.
\par \'93Sir?\'94 said Harry. \'93I\rquote ve been thinking }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  Sir \emdash 
 even if the Stone\rquote s gone, Vol-, I mean, You-Know-Who \emdash \'94
\par \'93Call him Voldemort, Harry. Always use the proper name for things. Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.\'94
\par \'93Yes, sir. Well, Voldemort\rquote s going to try other ways of coming back, isn\rquote t he? I mean, he hasn\rquote t gone, has he?\'94
\par \'93No, Harry, he has not. He is still out there somewhere, perhaps looking for another body to share }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  not being truly alive, he can\-not be killed. He left Quirrell to die; he shows just as little mercy to hi
s followers as his enemies. Nevertheless, Harry, while you may only have delayed his return to power, it will merely take someone else who is prepared to fight what seems a losing battle next time \emdash 
 and if he is delayed again, and again, why, he may never re\-turn to power.\'94
\par Harry nodded, but stopped quickly, because it made his head hurt. Then he said, \'93Sir, there are some other things I\rquote d like to know, if you can tell me }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  things I want to know the truth about}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par \'93The truth.\'94 Dumbledore sighed. \'93It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution. How\-ever, I shall answer your questions unless I have a very good rea\-son not to, in which case I beg you\rquote 
ll forgive me. I shall not, of course, lie.\'94
\par \'93Well }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  Voldemor
t said that he only killed my mother because she tried to stop him from killing me. But why would he want to kill me in the first place?\'94
\par Dumbledore sighed very deeply this time.
\par \'93Alas, the first thing you ask me, I cannot tell you. Not today. Not now. You will know, one day }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  put it from your mind for now, Harry. When you are older }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  I know you hate to hear this }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  when you are ready, you will know.\'94
\par And Harry knew it would be no good to argue.
\par \'93But why couldn\rquote t Quirrell touch me?\'94
\par \'93Your mother died to save you. If there is one thing Voldemort cannot understand, it is love. He didn\rquote t realize that love as power\-ful as your mother\rquote s for you leaves its own mark. Not a scar, no visible sign }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  to have been loved so deeply, even though the per\-son 
who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever. It is in your very skin. Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort, could not touch you for this rea\-
son. It was agony to touch a person marked by something so good.\'94
\par Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill, which gave Harry time to dry his eyes on the sheet. When he had found his voice again, Harry said, \'93And the Invisi\-bility Cloak \emdash  do you know who sent it to me?\'94
\par \'93Ah \emdash  your father happened to leave it in my possession, and I thought you might like it.\'94 Dumbledore\rquote s eyes twinkled. \'93Useful things }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  your father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to steal food when he was here.\'94
\par \'93And there\rquote s something else }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par \'93Fire away.\'94
\par \'93Quirrell said Snape \emdash \'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 Professor}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  Snape, Harry.\'94
\par \'93Yes, him \emdash  Quirrell said he hates me because he hated my fa\-ther. Is that true?\'94
\par \'93Well, they did rather detest each other. Not unlike yourself and Mr. Malfoy. And then, your father did something Snape could never forgive.\'94
\par \'93What?\'94
\par \'93He saved his life.\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 What}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 ?\'94
\par \'93Yes }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94 said Dumbledore dreamily. \'93Funny, the way people\rquote 
s minds work, isn\rquote t it? Professor Snape couldn\rquote t bear being in your fa\-ther\rquote s debt}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  I do believe he worked so hard to protect you this year because he felt that would make him and your father even. Then he could go back to hating your father\rquote s memory in peace}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par Harry tried to understand this but it made his head pound, so he stopped.
\par \'93And sir, there\rquote s one more thing }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par \'93Just the one?\'94
\par \'93How did I get the Stone out of the mirror?\'94
\par \'93Ah, now, I\rquote m glad you asked me that. It was one of my more brilliant ideas, and between you and me, that\rquote s saying something. You see, only one who wanted to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 find}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  the Stone \emdash  find it, but not use it \emdash  
would be able to get it, otherwise they\rquote d just see them\-selves making gold or drinking Elixir of Life. My brain surprises even me sometimes}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  Now, enough questions. I suggest you make a start on these sweets. Ah! Bertie Bott\rquote s Every Flavor Beans! I was un
fortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomit-flavored one, and since then I\rquote m afraid I\rquote ve rather lost my liking for them \emdash  but I think I\rquote ll be safe with a nice toffee, don\rquote t you?\'94
\par He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth. Then he choked and said, \'93Alas! Ear wax!\'94
\par 
\par Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice woman, but very strict.
\par \'93Just five minutes,\'94 Harry pleaded.
\par \'93Absolutely not.\'94
\par \'93You let Professor Dumbledore in}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 

\par \'93Well, of course, that was the headmaster, quite different. You need }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 rest}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par \'93I am resting, look, lying down and everything. Oh, go on, Madam Pomfrey }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
\'94
\par \'93Oh, very well,\'94 she said. \'93But five minutes }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 only}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par And she let Ron and Hermione in.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 Harry}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 !\'94
\par Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry was glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore.
\par \'93Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to \emdash  Dumbledore was so worried \emdash \'94
\par \'93The whole school\rquote s talking about it,\'94 said Ron. \'93What }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 really }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 happened?\'94
\par It was one of those rare occasions when the true story i
s even more strange and exciting than the wild rumors. Harry told them everything: Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort. Ron and Hermione were a very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry told them what was under Qui
rrell\rquote s turban, Hermione screamed out loud.
\par \'93So the Stone\rquote s gone?\'94 said Ron finally. \'93Flamel\rquote s just going to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 die}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 ?\'94
\par \'93That\rquote s what I said, but Dumbledore thinks that \emdash  what was it? \emdash  \lquote to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great ad\-venture.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \rquote  
\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
\par \'93I always said he was off his rocker,\'94 said Ron, looking quite im\-pressed at how crazy his hero was.
\par \'93So what happened to you two?\'94 said Harry.
\par \'93Well, I got back all right,\'94 said Hermione. \'93I brought Ron round \emdash  that took a while \emdash  and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hall \emdash  he already knew \emdash  he just said, 
\lquote Harry\rquote s gone after him, hasn\rquote t he?\rquote  and hurtled off to the third floor.\'94
\par \'93D\rquote you think he meant you to do it?\'94 said Ron. \'93Sending you your fathers cloak and everything?\'94
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 Well}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94 Hermione exploded, \'93if he did \emdash  I mean to say \emdash  that\rquote s terrible \emdash  you could have been killed.\'94
\par \'93No, it isn\rquote t,\'94 said Harry thoughtfully. \'93He\rquote s a funny man, Dum\-bledore. I think he sort of wanted to give me a chance. I think he knows m
ore or less everything that goes on here, you know. I reckon he had a pretty good idea we were going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just taught us enough to help. I don\rquote t think it was an accident he let me find out how the mirror worked. It
\rquote s al\-most like he thought I had the right to face Voldemort if I could}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par \'93Yeah, Dumbledore\rquote s off his rocker, all right,\'94 said Ron proudly. \'93Listen, you\rquote ve got to be up for the end-of-year feast tomorrow. The points are all in and Slytherin won, of course \emdash  you 
missed the last Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you \emdash  but the food\rquote ll be good.\'94
\par At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.
\par \'93You\rquote ve had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT,\'94 she said firmly.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12980554 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12980554 *   *   *}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12605250 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 After a good night\rquote s sleep, Har
ry felt nearly back to normal.
\par \'93I want to go to the feast,\'94 he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes. \'93I can, can\rquote t I?\'94
\par \'93Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go,\'94 she said sniffily, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn\rquote t realize how risky feasts could be. \'93And you have another visitor.\'94
\par \'93Oh, good,\'94 said Harry. \'93Who is it?\'94
\par Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke. As usual when he was indoors, Hagrid looked too big to be allowed. He sat down next to Harry, took one look at him, and burst into tears.
\par \'93It\rquote s \emdash  all \emdash  my \emdash  ruddy \emdash  fault!\'94 he sobbed, his face in his hands. \'93I told the evil git how ter get past Fluffy! I told him! It was the only thing he didn\rquote t know, an\rquote  I told him! Yeh could
\rquote ve died! All fer a dragon egg! I\rquote ll never drink again! I should be chucked out an\rquote  made ter live as a Muggle!\'94
\par \'93Hagrid!\'94 said Harry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard. \'93Hagrid, he\rquote d have found out somehow, this is Voldemort we\rquote re talking about, he\rquote 
d have found out even if you hadn\rquote t told him.\'94
\par \'93Yeh could\rquote ve died!\'94 sobbed Hagrid. \'93An\rquote  don\rquote  say the name!\'94
\par \'93VOLDEMORT!\'94 Harry bellowed, and Hagrid was so shocked, he stopped crying. \'93I\rquote ve met him and I\rquote m calling him by his name. Please cheer up, Hagrid, we saved the Stone, it\rquote s gone, he can\rquote 
t use it. Have a Chocolate Frog, I\rquote ve got loads}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par Hagrid wiped his nose on the back of his hand and said, \'93That reminds me. I\rquote ve got yeh a present.\'94
\par \'93It\rquote s not a stoat sandwich, is it?\'94 said Harry anxiously, and at last Hagrid gave a weak chuckle.
\par \'93Nah. Dumbledore gave me the day off yesterday ter fix it. \rquote Course, he shoulda sacked me instead \emdash  anyway, got yeh this }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par It seemed to be a handsome, leather-covered book. Harry opened it curiously. It was full of wizard photographs. Smiling and waving at him from every page were his mother and father.
\par \'93Sent owls off ter all yer parents\rquote  old school friends, askin\rquote  fer photos }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  knew yeh didn\rquote  have any }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  d\rquote yeh like it?\'94
\par Harry couldn\rquote t speak, but Hagrid understood.
\par 
\par Harry made his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night. He had been held up by Madam Pomfrey\rquote s fussing about, insisting on giving him one last checkup, so the Great Hall was already full. It was decked out in the S
lytherin colors of green and silver to cel\-ebrate Slytherin\rquote s winning the House Cup for the seventh year in a row. A huge banner showing the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the High Table.
\par When Harry walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at once. He slipped into a seat be\-tween Ron and Hermione at the Gryffindor table and tried to ig\-nore the fact that people were standing up to look at him.
\par Fortunately, Dumbledore arrived moments later. The babble died away.
\par \'93Another year gone!\'94 Dumbledore said cheerfully. \'93And I must trouble you with an old man\rquote 
s wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our delicious feast. What a year it has been! Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year starts}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
\par \'93Now, as I understand it, the House Cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hun\-
dred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy-two.\'94
\par A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table. Harry could see Draco Malfoy banging his goblet on the table. It was a sickening sight.
\par \'93Yes, yes, well done, Slytherin,\'94 said Dumbledore. \'93However, re\-cent events must be taken into account.\'94
\par The room went very still. The Slytherins\rquote  smiles faded a little.
\par \'93Ahem,\'94 said Dumbledore. \'93I have a few last-minute points to dish out. Let me see. Yes }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
\par \'93First \emdash  to Mr. Ronald Weasley }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.
\par \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
 for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor House fifty points.\'94
\par Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars overhead seemed to quiver. Percy could be heard telling the other prefects, \'93My brother, you know! My youngest brother! Got past McGonagall\rquote s giant chess set!\'94
\par At last there was silence again.
\par \'93Second \emdash  to Miss Hermione Granger }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
 for the use of cool logic in the face of fire, I award Gryffindor House fifty points.\'94
\par Hermione buried her face in her arms; Harry strongly suspected she had burst into tears. Gryffindors up and down the table were beside themselves \emdash  they were a hundred points up.
\par \'93Third \emdash  to Mr. Harry Potter }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
 said Dumbledore. The room went deadly quiet. \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 
 for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor House sixty points.\'94
\par The din was deafening. Those who could add up while yelling themselves hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points \emdash  exactly the same as Slytherin. They had tied for the House Cup \emdash 
 if only Dumbledore had given Harry just one more point.
\par Dumbledore raised his hand. The room gradually fell silent.
\par \'93There are all kinds of courage,\'94 said Dumbledore, smiling. \'93It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. Neville Longbottom.\'94
\par Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have thought some sort of explosion had taken place, so loud was the noise that erupted from the Gryffindor table. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and cheer as Neville, white with shock, disa
ppeared under a pile of people hugging him. He had never won so much as a point for Gryffindor before. Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldn\rquote t have looked more stunned and horrified if he\rquote 
d just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him.
\par \'93Which means,\'94 Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, \'93we need a little change of decoration.\'94
\par He clapped his hands. In an instant, the green hangings became scarlet and the silver became gold; the huge Slytherin serpent van\-ished and a towering Gryffindor lion took its place. Snape was shaking Professor McGonagall\rquote 
s hand, with a horrible, forced smile. He caught Harry\rquote s eye and Harry knew at once that Snape\rquote s feelings toward him hadn\rquote t changed one jot. This didn\rquote 
t worry Harry. It seemed as though life would be back to normal next year, or as normal as it ever was at Hogwarts.
\par It was the best evening of Harry\rquote s life, better than winning at Quidditch, or Christmas, or knocking out mountain trolls }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  he would never, ever forget tonight.
\par 
\par Harry had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but come they did. To their great surprise, both he and Ron passed with good marks; Hermione, of course,
 had the best grades of the first years. Even Neville scraped through, his good Herbol\-
ogy mark making up for his abysmal Potions one. They had hoped that Goyle, who was almost as stupid as he was mean, might be thrown out, but he had passed, too. It was a shame, but as Ron said, you couldn\rquote t have everything in life.
\par And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Neville\rquote s toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays (\'93I always hope they\rquote 
ll forget to give us these,\'94 said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the coun\-
tryside became greener and tidier; eating Bertie Bott\rquote s Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at King\rquote 
s Cross station.
\par It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform. A wiz\-ened old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate in twos and threes so they didn\rquote t attract atten\-
tion by all bursting out of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles.
\par \'93You must come and stay this summer,\'94 said Ron, \'93both of you \emdash  I\rquote ll send you an owl.\'94
\par \'93Thanks,\'94 said Harry, \'93I\rquote ll need something to look forward to.\'94
\par People jostled them as they moved forward toward the gateway back to the Muggle world. Some of them called:
\par \'93Bye, Harry!\'94
\par \'93See you, Potter!\'94
\par \'93Still famous,\'94 said Ron, grinning at him.
\par \'93Not where I\rquote m going, I promise you,\'94 said Harry.
\par He, Ron, and Hermione passed through the gateway together.
\par \'93There he is, Mom, there he is, look!\'94
\par It was Ginny Weasley, Ron\rquote s younger sister, but she wasn\rquote t point\-ing at Ron.
\par \'93Harry Potter!\'94 she squealed. \'93Look, Mom! I can see \emdash \'94
\par \'93Be quiet, Ginny, and it\rquote s rude to point.\'94
\par Mrs. Weasley smiled down at them.
\par \'93Busy year?\'94 she said.
\par \'93Very,\'94 said Harry. \'93Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs. Weasley.\'94
\par \'93Oh, it was nothing, dear.\'94
\par \'93Ready, are you?\'94
\par It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people. Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley, looking terrified at the very sight of Harry.

\par \'93You must be Harry\rquote s family!\'94 said Mrs. Weasley.
\par \'93In a manner of speaking,\'94 said Uncle Vernon. \'93Hurry up, boy, we haven\rquote t got all day.\'94 He walked away.
\par Harry hung back for a last word with Ron and Hermione.
\par \'93See you over the summer, then.\'94
\par \'93Hope you have \emdash  er \emdash  a good holiday,\'94 said Hermione, look\-ing uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so unpleasant.
\par \'93Oh, I will,\'94 said Harry, and they were surprised at the grin that was spreading over his face. \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 They}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250  don\rquote t know we\rquote re not allowed to use magic at home. I\rquote m going to have a lot of fun with {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Dudley{\*\xmlclose} this summer}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12007620 . \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe3081\langnp1033\insrsid12605250\charrsid12605250 \'94
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi284\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9129550 
\par }}