{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qc\f0\fs36 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix\par
\fs24 by\par
\fs32 J. K. Rowling\par
Illustrations by Mary Grandpr\'e9\par
\fs24\par
Arthur A. Levine Books\par
An Imprint Of Scholastic Press.\par
\par
\lang1033\i To\lang3081  Neil\lang1033 , Jessica, and David,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 who   make   my   world   magical.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\i0\fs22 Text copyright \'a9 2003 by J. K. Rowling\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Illustrations by Mary Grandpr\lang3081\'e9\lang1033  copyright \'a9 2003 by Warner Bros.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 HARRY POTTER, characters, names and related indicia are trademarks of\lang3081\par
\lang1033 and \'a9 Warner Bros. Harry Potter Publishing Rights \'a9 J. K. Rowling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All rights reserved. Published by Scholastic Press, a division of Scholastic Inc.,\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Publishers since 1920.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 SCHOLASTIC, SCHOLASTIC PRESS, and the LANTERN LOGO\lang3081\par
\lang1033 are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Scholastic Inc.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No part of this publication may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the publisher. For information regarding permission, write to Scholastic Inc., Attention: Permissions Department, 557 Broadway, New York, NY 10012.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data Available\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Library of Congress Control Number: 2003102525\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 ISBN 0-439-35806-X\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 10 9 8        03 04 05 06 07\par
Printed in the U.S.A.        37\par
Second edition, August 2003\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\lang1033\fs36\page Chapter 1\par
\pard\qc Dudley Demented\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
The hottest day of the summer so far was drawing to a close and a drowsy silence lay over the large, square houses of Privet Drive. Cars that were usually gleaming stood dusty in their drives and lawns that were once emerald green lay parched and yellowing; the use of hosepipes had been banned due to drought. Deprived of their usual car-washing and lawn-mowing pursuits, the inhabitants of Privet Drive had retreated into the shade of their cool houses, windows thrown wide in the hope of tempting in a nonexistent breeze. The only person left outdoors was a teenage boy who was lying flat on his back in a flower bed outside number four.\par
He was a skinny, black-haired, bespectacled boy who had the pinched, slightly unhealthy look of someone who has grown a lot in a short space of time. His jeans were torn and dirty, his T-shirt baggy and faded, and the soles of his trainers were peeling away from the up\-pers. Harry Potter\rquote s appearance did not endear him to the neighbors, who were the sort of people who thought scruffiness ought to be pun\-ishable by law, but as he had hidden himself behind a large hydrangea bush this evening he was quite invisible to passersby. In fact, the only way he would be spotted was if his Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia stuck their heads out of the living room window and looked straight down into the flower bed below.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On the whole, Harry thought he was to be congratulated on his idea of hiding here. He was not, perhaps, very comfortable lying on the hot, hard earth, but on the other hand, nobody was glaring at him, grinding their teeth so loudly that he could not hear the news, or shooting nasty questions at him, as had happened every time he had tried sitting down in the living room and watching television with his aunt and uncle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Almost as though this thought had fluttered through the open win\-dow, Vernon Dursley, Harry\rquote s uncle, suddenly spoke. \ldblquote Glad to see the boy\rquote s stopped trying to butt in. Where is he anyway?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Aunt Petunia unconcernedly. \ldblquote Not in the house.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon grunted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Watching the news\i0  \'85\rdblquote  he said scathingly. \ldblquote I\rquote d like to know what he\rquote s really up to. As if a normal boy cares what\rquote s on the news \emdash  Dud\-ley hasn\rquote t got a clue what\rquote s going on, doubt he knows who the Prime Minister is! Anyway, it\rquote s not as if there\rquote d be anything about \i his lot\i0  on \i our\i0  news \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Vernon, \i shh\i0 !\rdblquote  said Aunt Petunia. \ldblquote The window\rquote s open!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  yes \emdash  sorry, dear \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Dursleys fell silent. Harry listened to a jingle about Fruit \rquote N Bran breakfast cereal while he watched Mrs. Figg, a batty, cat-loving old lady from nearby Wisteria Walk, amble slowly past. She was frowning and muttering to herself. Harry was very pleased that he was concealed behind the bush; Mrs. Figg had recently taken to asking him around for tea whenever she met him in the street. She had rounded the corner and vanished from view before Uncle Vernon\rquote s voice floated out of the window again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dudders out for tea?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At the Polkisses\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Aunt Petunia fondly. \ldblquote He\rquote s got so many lit\-tle friends, he\rquote s so popular \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry repressed a snort with difficulty. The Dursleys really were as\-tonishingly stupid about their son, Dudley; they had swallowed all his dim-witted lies about having tea with a different member of his gang every night of the summer holidays. Harry knew perfectly well that Dudley had not been to tea anywhere; he and his gang spent every evening vandalizing the play park, smoking on street corners, and throwing stones at passing cars and children. Harry had seen them at it during his evening walks around Little Whinging; he had spent most of the holidays wandering the streets, scavenging newspapers from bins along the way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The opening notes of the music that heralded the seven o\rquote clock news reached Harry\rquote s ears and his stomach turned over. Perhaps tonight \emdash  after a month of waiting \emdash  would be the night \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Record numbers of stranded holidaymakers fill airports as the Spanish baggage-handlers\rquote  strike reaches its second week \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give \rquote em a lifelong siesta, I would,\rdblquote  snarled Uncle Vernon over the end of the newsreader\rquote s sentence, but no matter: Outside in the flower bed, Harry\rquote s stomach seemed to unclench. If anything had happened, it would surely have been the first item on the news; death and de\-struction were more important than stranded holidaymakers. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He let out a long, slow breath and stared up at the brilliant blue sky. Every day this summer had been the same: the tension, the expecta\-tion, the temporary relief, and then mounting tension again \'85 and always, growing more insistent all the time, the question of \i why\i0  noth\-ing had happened yet. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He kept listening, just in case there was some small clue, not rec\-ognized for what it really was by the Muggles \emdash  an unexplained disappearance,   perhaps,   or   some   strange   accident\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but   the baggage-handlers\rquote  strike was followed by news on the drought in the Southeast (\ldblquote I hope he\rquote s listening next door!\rdblquote  bellowed Uncle Vernon, \ldblquote with his sprinklers on at three in the morning!\rdblquote ); then a helicopter that had almost crashed in a field in Surrey, then a famous actress\rquote s di\-vorce from her famous husband (\ldblquote as if we\rquote re interested in their sordid affairs,\rdblquote  sniffed Aunt Petunia, who had followed the case obsessively in every magazine she could lay her bony hands on).\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry closed his eyes against the now blazing evening sky as the newsreader said, \ldblquote And finally, Bungy the budgie has found a novel way of keeping cool this summer. Bungy, who lives at the Five Feath\-ers in Barnsley, has learned to water-ski! Mary Dorkins went to find out more. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened his eyes again. If they had reached water-skiing budgerigars, there was nothing else worth hearing. He rolled cau\-tiously onto his front and raised himself onto his knees and elbows, preparing to crawl out from under the window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had moved about two inches when several things happened in very quick succession.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A loud, echoing \i crack\i0  broke the sleepy silence like a gunshot; a cat streaked out from under a parked car and flew out of sight; a shriek, a bellowed oath, and the sound of breaking china came from the Durs\-leys\rquote  living room, and as though Harry had been waiting for this signal, he jumped to his feet, at the same time pulling from the waist\-band of his jeans a thin wooden wand as if he were unsheathing a sword. But before he could draw himself up to full height, the top of his head collided with the Dursleys\rquote  open window, and the resultant crash made Aunt Petunia scream even louder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt as if his head had been split in two; eyes streaming, he swayed, trying to focus on the street and spot the source of the noise, but he had barely staggered upright again when two large purple hands reached through the open window and closed tightly around his throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Put \i0\emdash  \i it \i0\emdash  \i away\i0 !\rdblquote\i  \i0 Uncle Vernon snarled into Harry\rquote s ear. \ldblquote\i Now\i0 !\i  Before \i0\emdash  \i anyone \i0\emdash  \i sees\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get \emdash  off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  me!\rdblquote  Harry gasped; for a few seconds they strug\-gled, Harry pulling at his uncle\rquote s sausage-like fingers with his left hand, his right maintaining a firm grip on his raised wand. Then, as the pain in the top of Harry\rquote s head gave a particularly nasty throb, Un\-cle Vernon yelped and released Harry as though he had received an electric shock \emdash  some invisible force seemed to have surged through his nephew, making him impossible to hold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Panting, Harry fell forward over the hydrangea bush, straightened up, and stared around. There was no sign of what had caused the loud cracking noise, but there were several faces peering through various nearby windows. Harry stuffed his wand hastily back into his jeans and tried to look innocent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lovely evening!\rdblquote  shouted Uncle Vernon, waving at Mrs. Number Seven, who was glaring from behind her net curtains. \ldblquote Did you hear that car backfire just now? Gave Petunia and me quite a turn!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He continued to grin in a horrible, manic way until all the curious neighbors had disappeared from their various windows, then the grin became a grimace of rage as he beckoned Harry back toward him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry moved a few steps closer, taking care to stop just short of the point at which Uncle Vernon\rquote s outstretched hands could resume their strangling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What the \i devil\i0  do you mean by it, boy?\rdblquote  asked Uncle Vernon in a croaky voice that trembled with fury.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do I mean by what?\rdblquote  said Harry coldly. He kept looking left and right up the street, still hoping to see the person who had made the cracking noise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Making a racket like a starting pistol right outside our \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t make that noise,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia\rquote s thin, horsey face now appeared beside Uncle Ver\-non\rquote s wide, purple one. She looked livid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why were you lurking under our window?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \emdash  yes, good point, Petunia! \i What were you doing under our window, boy\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listening to the news,\rdblquote  said Harry in a resigned voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His aunt and uncle exchanged looks of outrage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listening to the news! \i Again\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it changes every day, you see,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you be clever with me, boy! I want to know what you\rquote re re\-ally up to \emdash  and don\rquote t give me any more of this \i listening to the news\i0  tosh! You know perfectly well that \i your lot\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Careful, Vernon!\rdblquote  breathed Aunt Petunia, and Uncle Vernon low\-ered his voice so that Harry could barely hear him, \ldblquote\'85 that \i your lot \i0 don\rquote t get on \i our\i0  news!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s all you know,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Dursleys goggled at him for a few seconds, then Aunt Petunia said, \ldblquote You\rquote re a nasty little liar. What are all those \emdash\rdblquote  she too lowered her voice so that Harry had to lip-read the next word, \ldblquote\emdash  \i owls\i0  \emdash  doing if they\rquote re not bringing you news?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aha!\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon in a triumphant whisper. \ldblquote Get out of that one, boy! As if we didn\rquote t know you get all your news from those pesti\-lential birds!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hesitated for a moment. It cost him something to tell the truth this time, even though his aunt and uncle could not possibly know how bad Harry felt at admitting it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The owls \'85 aren\rquote t bringing me news,\rdblquote  said Harry tonelessly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe it,\rdblquote  said Aunt Petunia at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No more do I,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon forcefully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We know you\rquote re up to something funny,\rdblquote  said Aunt Petunia.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not stupid, you know,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, \i that\rquote s\i0  news to me,\rdblquote  said Harry, his temper rising, and before the Dursleys could call him back, he had wheeled about, crossed the front lawn, stepped over the low garden wall, and was striding off up the street.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was in trouble now and he knew it. He would have to face his aunt and uncle later and pay the price for his rudeness, but he did not care very much just at the moment; he had much more pressing mat\-ters on his mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was sure that the cracking noise had been made by someone Apparating or Disapparating. It was exactly the sound Dobby the house-elf made when he vanished into thin air. Was it possible that Dobby was here in Privet Drive? Could Dobby be following him right at this very moment? As this thought occurred he wheeled around and stared back down Privet Drive, but it appeared to be completely de\-serted again and Harry was sure that Dobby did not know how to become invisible. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He walked on, hardly aware of the route he was taking, for he had pounded these streets so often lately that his feet carried him to his fa\-vorite haunts automatically. Every few steps he glanced back over his shoulder. Someone magical had been near him as he lay among Aunt Petunias dying begonias, he was sure of it. Why hadn\rquote t they spoken to him, why hadn\rquote t they made contact, why were they hiding now?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, as his feeling of frustration peaked, his certainty leaked away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Perhaps it hadn\rquote t been a magical sound after all. Perhaps he was so desperate for the tiniest sign of contact from the world to which he belonged that he was simply overreacting to perfectly ordinary noises. Could he be \i sure\i0  it hadn\rquote t been the sound of something breaking in\-side a neighbor\rquote s house?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a dull, sinking sensation in his stomach and, before he knew it, the feeling of hopelessness that had plagued him all summer rolled over him once again. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tomorrow morning he would be awoken by the alarm at five o\rquote clock so that he could pay the owl that delivered the \i Daily Prophet\i0  \emdash  but was there any point in continuing to take it? Harry merely glanced at the front page before throwing it aside these days; when the idiots who ran the paper finally realized that Voldemort was back it would be headline news, and that was the only kind Harry cared about.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If he was lucky, there would also be owls carrying letters from his best friends, Ron and Hermione, though any expectation he had had that their letters would bring him news had long since been dashed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i We can\rquote t say much about you-know-what, obviously\i0 . \'85\rdblquote  \ldblquote\i We\rquote ve been told not to say anything important in case our letters go astray. \'85\i0\rdblquote\i  \i0\ldblquote\i We\rquote re quite busy but I can\rquote t give you details here\i0 . \'85\rdblquote  \ldblquote\i There\rquote s a fair amount going on, we\rquote ll tell you everything when we see you\i0 . \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But when were they going to see him? Nobody seemed too both\-ered with a precise date. Hermione had scribbled, \i\ldblquote I expect we\rquote ll be see\-ing you quite soon\i0\rdblquote  inside his birthday card, but how soon was soon? As far as Harry could tell from the vague hints in their letters, Hermione and Ron were in the same place, presumably at Ron\rquote s parents\rquote  house. He could hardly bear to think of the pair of them having fun at the Burrow when he was stuck in Privet Drive. In fact, he was so angry at them that he had thrown both their birthday presents of Honeydukes chocolates away unopened, though he had regretted this after eating the wilting salad Aunt Petunia had provided for dinner that night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And what were Ron and Hermione busy with? Why wasn\rquote t he, Harry, busy? Hadn\rquote t he proved himself capable of handling much more than they? Had they all forgotten what he had done? Hadn\rquote t it been \i he\i0  who had entered that graveyard and watched Cedric being murdered and been tied to that tombstone and nearly killed \'85 ?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Don\rquote t think about that, \i0 Harry told himself sternly for the hundredth time that summer. It was bad enough that he kept revisiting the grave\-yard in his nightmares, without dwelling on it in his waking moments too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned a corner into Magnolia Crescent; halfway along he passed the narrow alleyway down the side of a garage where he had first clapped eyes on his godfather. Sirius, at least, seemed to under\-stand how Harry was feeling; admittedly his letters were just as empty of proper news as Ron and Hermione\rquote s, but at least they contained words of caution and consolation instead of tantalizing hints:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i I know this must be frustrating for you\i0 . \'85\rdblquote  \ldblquote\i Keep your nose clean and everything will be okay\i0 . \'85\rdblquote  \ldblquote\i Be careful and don\rquote t do anything rash\i0 . \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Well, thought Harry, as he crossed Magnolia Crescent, turned into Magnolia Road, and headed toward the darkening play park, he had (by and large) done as Sirius advised; he had at least resisted the temp\-tation to tie his trunk to his broomstick and set off for the Burrow by himself. In fact Harry thought his behavior had been very good considering how frustrated and angry he felt at being stuck in Privet Drive this long, reduced to hiding in flower beds in the hope of hear\-ing something that might point to what Lord Voldemort was doing. Nevertheless, it was quite galling to be told not to be rash by a man who had served twelve years in the wizard prison, Azkaban, escaped, attempted to commit the murder he had been convicted for in the first place, then gone on the run with a stolen hippogriff. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry vaulted over the locked park gate and set off across the parched grass. The park was as empty as the surrounding streets. When he reached the swings he sank onto the only one that Dudley and his friends had not yet managed to break, coiled one arm around the chain, and stared moodily at the ground. He would not be able to hide in the Dursleys\rquote  flower bed again. Tomorrow he would have to think of some fresh way of listening to the news. In the meantime, he had nothing to look forward to but another restless, disturbed night, because even when he escaped nightmares about Cedric he had unset\-tling dreams about long dark corridors, all finishing in dead ends and locked doors, which he supposed had something to do with the trapped feeling he had when he was awake. Often the old scar on his forehead prickled uncomfortably, but he did not fool himself that Ron or Hermione or Sirius would find that very interesting any\-more. \'85 In the past his scar hurting had warned that Voldemort was getting stronger again, but now that Voldemort was back they would probably remind him that its regular irritation was only to be ex\-pected. \'85 Nothing to worry about\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 old news \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The injustice of it all welled up inside him so that he wanted to yell with fury. If it hadn\rquote t been for him, nobody would even have known Voldemort was back! And his reward was to be stuck in Little Whing\-ing for four solid weeks, completely cut off from the magical world, reduced to squatting among dying begonias so that he could hear about water-skiing budgerigars! How could Dumbledore have forgot\-ten him so easily? Why had Ron and Hermione got together without inviting him along too? How much longer was he supposed to endure Sirius telling him to sit tight and be a good boy; or resist the tempta\-tion to write to the stupid \i Daily Prophet\i0  and point out that Volde\-mort had returned? These furious thoughts whirled around in Harry\rquote s head, and his insides writhed with anger as a sultry, velvety night fell around him, the air full of the smell of warm, dry grass and the only sound that of the low grumble of traffic on the road beyond the park railings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not know how long he had sat on the swing before the sound of voices interrupted his musings and he looked up. The street-lamps from the surrounding roads were casting a misty glow strong enough to silhouette a group of people making their way across the park. One of them was singing a loud, crude song. The others were laughing. A soft ticking noise came from several expensive racing bikes that they were wheeling along.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry knew who those people were. The figure in front was unmis\-takably his cousin, Dudley Dursley, wending his way home, accom\-panied by his faithful gang.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley was as vast as ever, but a year\rquote s hard dieting and the discov\-ery of a new talent had wrought quite a change in his physique. As Uncle Vernon delightedly told anyone who would listen, Dudley had recently become the Junior Heavyweight Inter-School Boxing Cham\-pion of the Southeast. \ldblquote The noble sport,\rdblquote  as Uncle Vernon called it, had made Dudley even more formidable than he had seemed to Harry in the primary school days when he had served as Dudley\rquote s first punching bag. Harry was not remotely afraid of his cousin anymore but he still didn\rquote t think that Dudley learning to punch harder and more accurately was cause for celebration. Neighborhood children all around were terrified of him \emdash  even more terrified than they were of \ldblquote that Potter boy,\rdblquote  who, they had been warned, was a hardened hooli\-gan who attended St. Brutus\rquote s Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry watched the dark figures crossing the grass and wondered whom they had been beating up tonight. \i Look round,\i0  Harry found himself thinking as he watched them. \i Come on \'85 look round\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I\rquote m sitting here all alone. \'85 Come and have ago. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 If Dudley\rquote s friends saw him sitting here, they would be sure to make a beeline for him, and what would Dudley do then? He wouldn\rquote t want to lose face in front of the gang, but he\rquote d be terrified of provoking Harry. \'85 It would be really fun to watch Dudley\rquote s dilemma; to taunt him, watch him, with him powerless to respond \'85 and if any of the others tried hitting Harry, Harry was ready \emdash  he had his wand \'85 let them try \'85 He\rquote d love to vent some of his frus\-tration on the boys who had once made his life hell \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But they did not turn around, they did not see him, they were al\-most at the railings. Harry mastered the impulse to call after them. \'85 Seeking a fight was not a smart move. \'85 He must not use magic. \'85 He would be risking expulsion again. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley\rquote s gang\rquote s voices died; they were out of sight, heading along Magnolia Road.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i There you go, Sirius,\i0  Harry thought dully. \i Nothing rash. Kept my nose clean. Exactly the opposite of what you\rquote d have done\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He got to his feet and stretched. Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon seemed to feel that whenever Dudley turned up was the right time to be home, and anytime after that was much too late. Uncle Vernon had threatened to lock Harry in the shed if he came home after Dudley again, so, stifling a yawn, still scowling, Harry set off toward the park gate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Magnolia Road, like Privet Drive, was full of large, square houses with perfectly manicured lawns, all owned by large, square owners who drove very clean cars similar to Uncle Vernon\rquote s. Harry preferred Little Whinging by night, when the curtained windows made patches of jewel-bright colors in the darkness and he ran no danger of hearing disapproving mutters about his \ldblquote delinquent\rdblquote  appearance when he passed the householders. He walked quickly, so that halfway along Magnolia Road Dudley\rquote s gang came into view again; they were saying their farewells at the entrance to Magnolia Crescent. Harry stepped into the shadow of a large lilac tree and waited.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 squealed like a pig, didn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  Malcolm was saying, to guffaws from the others.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice right hook, Big D,\rdblquote  said Piers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Same time tomorrow?\rdblquote  said Dudley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Round at my place, my parents are out,\rdblquote  said Gordon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See you then,\rdblquote  said Dudley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bye Dud!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See ya, Big D!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry waited for the rest of the gang to move on before setting off again. When their voices had faded once more he headed around the corner into Magnolia Crescent and by walking very quickly he soon came within hailing distance of Dudley, who was strolling along at his ease, humming tunelessly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey, Big D!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley turned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  he grunted. \ldblquote It\rquote s you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How long have you been \lquote Big D\rquote  then?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut it,\rdblquote  snarled Dudley, turning away again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cool name,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning and falling into step beside his cousin. \ldblquote But you\rquote ll always be Ickle Diddykins to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I said, SHUT IT!\rdblquote  said Dudley, whose ham-like hands had curled into fists.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t the boys know that\rquote s what your mum calls you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut your face.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t tell \i her\i0  to shut her face. What about \lquote popkin\rquote  and \lquote Dinky Diddydums,\rquote  can I use them then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley said nothing. The effort of keeping himself from hitting Harry seemed to be demanding all his self-control.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So who\rquote ve you been beating up tonight?\rdblquote  Harry asked, his grin fading. \ldblquote Another ten-year-old? I know you did Mark Evans two nights ago \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was asking for it,\rdblquote  snarled Dudley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He cheeked me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah? Did he say you look like a pig that\rquote s been taught to walk on its hind legs? \rquote Cause that\rquote s not cheek, Dud, that\rquote s true \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A muscle was twitching in Dudley\rquote s jaw. It gave Harry enormous satisfaction to know how furious he was making Dudley; he felt as though he was siphoning off his own frustration into his cousin, the only outlet he had.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They turned right down the narrow alleyway where Harry had first seen Sirius and which formed a shortcut between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria Walk. It was empty and much darker than the streets it linked because there were no streetlamps. Their footsteps were muffled between garage walls on one side and a high fence on the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Think you\rquote re a big man carrying that thing, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote  Dudley said after a few seconds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What thing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That \emdash  that thing you\rquote re hiding.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry grinned again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not as stupid as you look, are you, Dud? But I s\rquote pose if you were, you wouldn\rquote t be able to walk and talk at the same time. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled out his wand. He saw Dudley look sideways at it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not allowed,\rdblquote  Dudley said at once. \ldblquote I know you\rquote re not. You\rquote d get expelled from that freak school you go to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you know they haven\rquote t changed the rules, Big D?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They haven\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Dudley, though he didn\rquote t sound completely convinced. Harry laughed softly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You haven\rquote t got the guts to take me on without that thing, have you?\rdblquote  Dudley snarled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whereas you just need four mates behind you before you can beat up a ten-year-old. You know that boxing title you keep banging on about? How old was your opponent? Seven? Eight?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was sixteen for your information,\rdblquote  snarled Dudley, \ldblquote and he was out cold for twenty minutes after I\rquote d finished with him and he was twice as heavy as you. You just wait till I tell Dad you had that thing out \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Running to Daddy now, are you? Is his ickle boxing champ fright\-ened of nasty Harry\rquote s wand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not this brave at night, are you?\rdblquote  sneered Dudley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This \i is\i0  night, Diddykins. That\rquote s what we call it when it goes all dark like this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I mean when you\rquote re in bed!\rdblquote  Dudley snarled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had stopped walking. Harry stopped too, staring at his cousin. From the little he could see of Dudley\rquote s large face, he was wearing a strangely triumphant look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, I\rquote m not brave in bed?\rdblquote  said Harry, completely nonplussed. \ldblquote What \emdash  am I supposed to be frightened of pillows or something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I heard you last night,\rdblquote  said Dudley breathlessly. \ldblquote Talking in your sleep. \i Moaning\i0 .\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  Harry said again, but there was a cold, plung\-ing sensation in his stomach. He had revisited the graveyard last night in his dreams.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley gave a harsh bark of laughter then adopted a high-pitched, whimpering voice. \ldblquote  \lquote Don\rquote t kill Cedric! Don\rquote t kill Cedric!\rquote  Who\rquote s Cedric \emdash  your boyfriend?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  you\rquote re lying \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry automatically. But his mouth had gone dry. He knew Dudley wasn\rquote t lying \emdash  how else would he know about Cedric?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Dad! Help me, Dad! He\rquote s going to kill me, Dad! Boo-hoo!\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut up,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly. \ldblquote Shut up, Dudley, I\rquote m warning you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Come and help me, Dad! Mum, come and help me! He\rquote s killed Cedric! Dad, help me! He\rquote s going to \emdash\rquote  \i Don\rquote t you point that thing at me\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley backed into the alley wall. Harry was pointing the wand di\-rectly at Dudley\rquote s heart. Harry could feel fourteen years\rquote  hatred of Dudley pounding in his veins \emdash  what wouldn\rquote t he give to strike now, to jinx Dudley so thoroughly he\rquote d have to crawl home like an insect, struck dumb, sprouting feelers \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t ever talk about that again,\rdblquote  Harry snarled. \ldblquote D\rquote you under\-stand me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Point that thing somewhere else!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I said, \i do you understand me\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Point it somewhere else\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote GET THAT THING AWAY FROM \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley gave an odd, shuddering gasp, as though he had been doused in icy water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something had happened to the night. The star-strewn indigo sky was suddenly pitch-black and lightless \emdash  the stars, the moon, the misty streetlamps at either end of the alley had vanished. The distant grumble of cars and the whisper of trees had gone. The balmy evening was suddenly piercingly, bitingly cold. They were surrounded by total, impenetrable, silent darkness, as though some giant hand had dropped a thick, icy mantle over the entire alleyway, blinding them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a split second Harry thought he had done magic without meaning to, despite the fact that he\rquote d been resisting as hard as he could \emdash  then his reason caught up with his senses \emdash  he didn\rquote t have the power to turn off the stars. He turned his head this way and that, trying to see something, but the darkness pressed on his eyes like a weightless veil.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley\rquote s terrified voice broke in Harry\rquote s ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote W-what are you d-doing? St-stop it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not doing anything! Shut up and don\rquote t move!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I c-can\rquote t see! I\rquote ve g-gone blind! I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I said shut up!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stood stock-still, turning his sightless eyes left and right. The cold was so intense that he was shivering all over; goose bumps had erupted up his arms, and the hairs on the back of his neck were stand\-ing up \emdash  he opened his eyes to their fullest extent, staring blankly around, unseeing \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was impossible. \'85 They couldn\rquote t be here. \'85 Not in Little Whinging \'85 He strained his ears. \'85 He would hear them before he saw them. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll t-tell Dad!\rdblquote  Dudley whimpered. \ldblquote W-where are you? What are you d-do \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Will you shut up?\rdblquote  Harry hissed, \ldblquote I\rquote m trying to lis \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he fell silent. He had heard just the thing he had been dreading.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was something in the alleyway apart from themselves, some\-thing that was drawing long, hoarse, rattling breaths. Harry felt a hor\-rible jolt of dread as he stood trembling in the freezing air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C-cut it out! Stop doing it! I\rquote ll h-hit you, I swear I will!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dudley, shut \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i WHAM\i0 !\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A fist made contact with the side of Harry\rquote s head, lifting Harry off his feet. Small white lights popped in front of Harry\rquote s eyes; for the sec\-ond time in an hour he felt as though his head had been cleaved in two; next moment he had landed hard on the ground, and his wand had flown out of his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You moron, Dudley!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, his eyes watering with pain, as he scrambled to his hands and knees, now feeling around frantically in the blackness. He heard Dudley blundering away, hitting the alley fence, stumbling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DUDLEY, COME BACK! YOU\rquote RE RUNNING RIGHT AT IT!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a horrible squealing yell, and Dudley\rquote s footsteps stopped. At the same moment, Harry felt a creeping chill behind him that could mean only one thing. There was more than one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DUDLEY, KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT! WHATEVER YOU DO, KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT! Wand!\rdblquote  Harry muttered franti\-cally, his hands flying over the ground like spiders. \ldblquote Where\rquote s \emdash  wand \emdash  come on \emdash  \i Lumos\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He said the spell automatically, desperate for light to help him in his search \emdash  and to his disbelieving relief, light flared inches from his right hand \emdash  the wand tip had ignited. Harry snatched it up, scram\-bled to his feet, and turned around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His stomach turned over.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A towering, hooded figure was gliding smoothly toward him, hovering over the ground, no feet or face visible beneath its robes, sucking on the night as it came.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Stumbling backward, Harry raised his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expecto Patronum\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A silvery wisp of vapor shot from the tip of the wand and the de\-mentor slowed, but the spell hadn\rquote t worked properly; tripping over his feet, Harry retreated farther as the dementor bore down upon him, panic fogging his brain \emdash  \i concentrate\i0  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A pair of gray, slimy, scabbed hands slid from inside the dementor\rquote s robes, reaching for him. A rushing noise filled Harry\rquote s ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expecto Patronum\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice sounded dim and distant. \'85 Another wisp of silver smoke, feebler than the last, drifted from the wand \emdash  he couldn\rquote t do it anymore, he couldn\rquote t work the spell \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was laughter inside his own head, shrill, high-pitched laugh\-ter. \'85 He could smell the dementor\rquote s putrid, death-cold breath, fill\-ing his own lungs, drowning him \emdash  \i Think\i0  \'85\i  something happy\i0 . \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But there was no happiness in him. \'85 The dementor\rquote s icy fingers were closing on his throat \emdash  the high-pitched laughter was growing louder and louder, and a voice spoke inside his head \emdash  \ldblquote\i Bow to death, Harry\i0 . \'85 \i It might even be painless\i0 . \'85 \i I would not know\i0 . \'85 \i I have never died. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was never going to see Ron and Hermione again \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And their faces burst clearly into his mind as he fought for breath \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i EXPECTO PATRONUM\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An enormous silver stag erupted from the tip of Harry\rquote s wand; its antlers caught the dementor in the place where the heart should have been; it was thrown backward, weightless as darkness, and as the stag charged, the dementor swooped away, batlike and defeated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote THIS WAY!\rdblquote  Harry shouted at the stag. Wheeling around, he sprinted down the alleyway, holding the lit wand aloft. \ldblquote DUDLEY? DUDLEY!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had run barely a dozen steps when he reached them: Dudley was curled on the ground, his arms clamped over his face; a second de\-mentor was crouching low over him, gripping his wrists in its slimy hands, prizing them slowly, almost lovingly apart, lowering its hooded head toward Dudley\rquote s face as though about to kiss him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote GET IT!\rdblquote  Harry bellowed, and with a rushing, roaring sound, the silver stag he had conjured came galloping back past him. The de\-mentor\rquote s eyeless face was barely an inch from Dudley\rquote s when the silver antlers caught it; the thing was thrown up into the air and, like its fellow, it soared away and was absorbed into the darkness. The stag cantered to the end of the alleyway and dissolved into silver mist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Moon, stars, and streetlamps burst back into life. A warm breeze swept the alleyway. Trees rustled in neighboring gardens and the mun\-dane rumble of cars in Magnolia Crescent filled the air again. Harry stood quite still, all his senses vibrating, taking in the abrupt return to normality. After a moment he became aware that his T-shirt was stick\-ing to him; he was drenched in sweat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not believe what had just happened. Dementors \i here,\i0  in Little Whinging \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley lay curled up on the ground, whimpering and shaking. Harry bent down to see whether he was in a fit state to stand up, but then heard loud, running footsteps behind him; instinctively raising his wand again, he spun on his heel to face the newcomer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Figg, their batty old neighbor, came panting into sight. Her grizzled gray hair was escaping from its hairnet, a clanking string shopping bag was swinging from her wrist, and her feet were halfway out of her tartan carpet slippers. Harry made to stow his wand hur\-riedly out of sight, but \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t put it away, idiot boy!\rdblquote  she shrieked. \ldblquote What if there are more of them around? Oh, I\rquote m going to \i kill\i0  Mundungus Fletcher!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 2\par
\pard\qc A Peck of Owls\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry blankly.\par
\ldblquote He left!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg, wringing her hands. \ldblquote Left to see someone about a batch of cauldrons that fell off the back of a broom! I told him I\rquote d flay him alive if he went, and now look! Dementors! It\rquote s just lucky I put Mr. Tibbies on the case! But we haven\rquote t got time to stand around! Hurry, now, we\rquote ve got to get you back! Oh, the trouble this is going to cause! I will \i kill\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The revelation that his batty old cat-obsessed neighbor knew what dementors were was almost as big a shock to Harry as meeting two of them down the alleyway. \ldblquote You\rquote re \emdash  you\rquote re a \i witch\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m a Squib, as Mundungus knows full well, so how on earth was I supposed to help you fight off dementors? He left you completely without cover when I \i warned \i0 him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This bloke Mundungus has been following me? Hang on \emdash  it was \i him\i0 ! He Disapparated from the front of my house!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, yes, \i yes\i0 , but luckily I\rquote d stationed Mr. Tibbies under a car just in case, and Mr. Tibbies came and warned me, but by the time I got to your house you\rquote d gone \emdash  and now \emdash  oh, \i what\rquote s\i0  Dumbledore go\-ing to say? You!\rdblquote  she shrieked at Dudley, still supine on the alley floor. \ldblquote Get your fat bottom off the ground, quick!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know Dumbledore?\rdblquote  said Harry, staring at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I know Dumbledore, who doesn\rquote t know Dumbledore? But come \i on\i0  \emdash  I\rquote ll be no help if they come back, I\rquote ve never so much as Transfigured a teabag \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stooped down, seized one of Dudley\rquote s massive arms in her wiz\-ened hands, and tugged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get \i up,\i0  you useless lump, get \i up\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Dudley either could not or would not move. He was still on the ground, trembling and ashen-faced, his mouth shut very tight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll do it.\rdblquote  Harry took hold of Dudley\rquote s arm and heaved: With an enormous effort he managed to hoist Dudley to his feet. Dudley seemed to be on the point of fainting: His small eyes were rolling in their sockets and sweat was beading his face; the moment Harry let go of him he swayed dangerously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hurry up!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg hysterically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled one of Dudley\rquote s massive arms around his own shoul\-ders and dragged him toward the road, sagging slightly under his weight. Mrs. Figg tottered along in front of them, peering anxiously around the corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Keep your wand out,\rdblquote  she told Harry, as they entered Wisteria Walk. \ldblquote Never mind the Statute of Secrecy now, there\rquote s going to be hell to pay anyway, we might as well be hanged for a dragon as an egg. Talk about the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 This was \i exactly\i0  what Dumbledore was afraid of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  what\rquote s that at the end of the street? Oh, it\rquote s just Mr. Prentice. \'85 Don\rquote t put your wand away, boy, don\rquote t I keep telling you I\rquote m no use?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was not easy to hold a wand steady and carry Dudley along at the same time. Harry gave his cousin an impatient dig in the ribs, but Dudley seemed to have lost all desire for independent movement. He\lang3081  \lang1033 was slumped on Harry\rquote s shoulder, his large feet dragging along the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why didn\rquote t you tell me you\rquote re a Squib?\rdblquote  Harry asked Mrs. Figg, panting with the effort to keep walking. \ldblquote All those times I came round your house \emdash  why didn\rquote t you say anything?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s orders. I was to keep an eye on you but not say any\-thing, you were too young. I\rquote m sorry I gave you such a miserable time, but the Dursleys would never have let you come if they\rquote d thought you enjoyed it. It wasn\rquote t easy, you know. \'85 But oh my word,\rdblquote  she said tragically, wringing her hands once more, \ldblquote when Dumbledore hears about this \emdash  how could Mundungus have left, he was supposed to be on duty until midnight \emdash  \i where is he\i0 ? How am I going to tell Dum\-bledore what\rquote s happened, I can\rquote t Apparate \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got an owl, you can borrow her,\rdblquote  Harry groaned, wondering whether his spine was going to snap under Dudley\rquote s weight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you don\rquote t understand! Dumbledore will need to act as quickly as possible, the Ministry have their own ways of detecting un\-derage magic, they\rquote ll know already, you mark my words \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I was getting rid of dementors, I had to use magic \emdash  they\rquote re going to be more worried what dementors were doing floating around Wisteria Walk, surely?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh my dear, I wish it were so but I\rquote m afraid \emdash  MUNDUNGUS FLETCHER, I AM GOING TO KILL YOU!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a loud \i crack\i0  and a strong smell of mingled drink and stale tobacco filled the air as a squat, unshaven man in a tattered over\-coat materialized right in front of them. He had short bandy legs, long straggly ginger hair, and bloodshot baggy eyes that gave him the dole\-ful look of a basset hound; he was also clutching a silvery bundle that Harry recognized at once as an Invisibility Cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote S\rquote  up, Figgy?\rdblquote  he said, staring from Mrs. Figg to Harry and Dud\-ley. \ldblquote What \rquote appened to staying undercover?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll give you undercover!\rdblquote  cried Mrs. Figg. \ldblquote\i Dementors,\i0  you useless, skiving sneak thief!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dementors?\rdblquote  repeated Mundungus, aghast. \ldblquote Dementors here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, here, you worthless pile of bat droppings, here!\rdblquote  shrieked Mrs. Figg. \ldblquote Dementors attacking the boy on your watch!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey,\rdblquote  said Mundungus weakly, looking from Mrs. Figg to Harry and back again. \ldblquote Blimey, I \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you off buying stolen cauldrons! Didn\rquote t I tell you not to go? \i Didn\rquote t I\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  well, I \emdash\rdblquote  Mundungus looked deeply uncomfortable. \ldblquote It\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 it was a very good business opportunity, see \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Figg raised the arm from which her string bag dangled and whacked Mundungus around the face and neck with it; judging by the clanking noise it made it was full of cat food.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ouch \emdash  gerroff\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  gerroff, you mad old bat! Someone\rquote s gotta tell Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \emdash  they \emdash  have!\rdblquote  yelled Mrs. Figg, still swinging the bag of cat food at every bit of Mundungus she could reach. \ldblquote And \emdash  it \emdash  had \emdash  better \emdash  be \emdash  you \emdash  and \emdash  you \emdash  can \emdash  tell \emdash  him \emdash  why \emdash  you \emdash  weren\rquote t \emdash  there \emdash  to \emdash  help!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Keep your \rquote airnet on!\rdblquote  said Mundungus, his arms over his head, cowering. \ldblquote I\rquote m going, I\rquote m going!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And with another loud \i crack,\i0  he vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hope Dumbledore \i murders\i0  him!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg furiously. \ldblquote Now come \i on,\i0  Harry, what are you waiting for?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry decided not to waste his remaining breath on pointing out that he could barely walk under Dudley\rquote s bulk. He gave the semicon\-scious Dudley a heave and staggered onward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll take you to the door,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg, as they turned into Privet Drive. \ldblquote Just in case there are more of them around. \'85 Oh my word, what a catastrophe \'85 and you had to fight them off yourself\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and\lang3081  \lang1033 Dumbledore said we were to keep you from doing magic at all costs. \'85 Well, it\rquote s no good crying over spilled potion, I suppose \'85 but the cat\rquote s among the pixies now \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  Harry panted, \ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s \'85 been having \'85 me followed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course he has,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg impatiently. \ldblquote Did you expect him to let you wander around on your own after what happened in June? Good Lord, boy, they told me you were intelligent. \'85 Right \'85 get inside and stay there,\rdblquote  she said as they reached number four. \ldblquote I expect someone will be in touch with you soon enough.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you going to do?\rdblquote  asked Harry quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going straight home,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg, staring around the dark street and shuddering. \ldblquote I\rquote ll need to wait for more instructions. Just stay in the house. Good night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on, don\rquote t go yet! I want to know \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Mrs. Figg had already set off at a trot, carpet slippers flopping, string bag clanking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait!\rdblquote  Harry shouted after her; he had a million questions to ask anyone who was in contact with Dumbledore; but within seconds Mrs. Figg was swallowed by the darkness. Scowling, Harry readjusted Dudley on his shoulder and made his slow, painful way up number four\rquote s garden path.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The hall light was on. Harry stuck his wand back inside the waist\-band of his jeans, rang the bell, and watched Aunt Petunia\rquote s outline grow larger and larger, oddly distorted by the rippling glass in the front door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Diddy! About time too, I was getting quite \emdash  quite \emdash  \i Diddy, what\rquote s the matter\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked sideways at Dudley and ducked out from under his arm just in time. Dudley swayed for a moment on the spot, his face pale green, then he opened his mouth at last and vomited all over the doormat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DIDDY! Diddy, what\rquote s the matter with you? Vernon? VERNON!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s uncle came galumphing out of the living room, walrus mus\-tache blowing hither and thither as it always did when he was agitated. He hurried forward to help Aunt Petunia negotiate a weak-kneed Dudley over the threshold while avoiding stepping in the pool of sick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s ill, Vernon!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it, son? What\rquote s happened? Did Mrs. Polkiss give you something foreign for tea?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why are you all covered in dirt, darling? Have you been lying on the ground?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on \emdash  you haven\rquote t been mugged, have you, son?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia screamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Phone the police, Vernon! Phone the police! Diddy, darling, speak to Mummy! What did they do to you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In all the kerfuffle, nobody seemed to have noticed Harry, which suited him perfectly. He managed to slip inside just before Uncle Ver\-non slammed the door and while the Dursleys made their noisy progress down the hall toward the kitchen, Harry moved carefully and quietly toward the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who did it, son? Give us names. We\rquote ll get them, don\rquote t worry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shh! He\rquote s trying to say something, Vernon! What is it, Diddy? Tell Mummy!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s foot was on the bottommost stair when Dudley found his voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Him.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry froze, foot on the stair, face screwed up, braced for the explosion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote BOY! COME HERE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a feeling of mingled dread and anger, Harry removed his foot slowly from the stair and turned to follow the Dursleys.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The scrupulously clean kitchen had an oddly unreal glitter after the darkness outside. Aunt Petunia was ushering Dudley into a chair; he\lang3081  \lang1033 was still very green and clammy looking. Uncle Vernon was standing in front of the draining board, glaring at Harry through tiny, nar\-rowed eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What have you done to my son?\rdblquote  he said in a menacing growl.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Harry, knowing perfectly well that Uncle Vernon wouldn\rquote t believe him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did he do to you, Diddy?\rdblquote  Aunt Petunia said in a quavering voice, now sponging sick from the front of Dudley\rquote s leather jacket. \ldblquote Was it \emdash  was it you-know-what, darling? Did he use \emdash  his \i thing\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slowly, tremulously, Dudley nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t!\rdblquote  Harry said sharply, as Aunt Petunia let out a wail and Uncle Vernon raised his fists. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t do anything to him, it wasn\rquote t me, it was \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But at that precise moment a screech owl swooped in through the kitchen window. Narrowly missing the top of Uncle Vernon\rquote s head, it soared across the kitchen, dropped the large parchment envelope it was carrying in its beak at Harry\rquote s feet, and turned gracefully, the tips of its wings just brushing the top of the fridge, then zoomed outside again and off across the garden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote OWLS!\rdblquote  bellowed Uncle Vernon, the well-worn vein in his tem\-ple pulsing angrily as he slammed the kitchen window shut. \ldblquote OWLS AGAIN! I WILL NOT HAVE ANY MORE OWLS IN MY HOUSE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry was already ripping open the envelope and pulling out the letter inside, his heart pounding somewhere in the region of his Adam\rquote s apple.\par
\par
Dear Mr. Potter,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 We have received intelligence that you performed the Pa\-tronus Charm at twenty-three minutes past nine this evening in a Muggle-inhabited area and in the presence of a Muggle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The severity of this breach of the Decree for the Reason\-able Restriction of Underage Sorcery has resulted in your ex\-pulsion from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Ministry representatives will be calling at your place of resi\-dence shortly to destroy your wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As you have already received an official warning for a previous offense under section 13 of the International Con\-federation of Wizards\rquote  Statute of Secrecy, we regret to inform you that your presence is required at a disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of Magic at 9 a.m. on August 12th.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hoping you are well,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yours sincerely,\lang3081\par
Mafalda Hopkirk\par
\lang1033 IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Ministry of Magic\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry read the letter through twice. He was only vaguely aware of Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia talking in the vicinity. Inside his head, all was icy and numb. One fact had penetrated his conscious\-ness like a paralyzing dart. He was expelled from Hogwarts. It was all over. He was never going back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked up at the Dursleys. Uncle Vernon was purple-faced, shouting, his fists still raised; Aunt Petunia had her arms around Dud\-ley, who was retching again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s temporarily stupefied brain seemed to reawaken. \i Ministry representatives will be calling at your place of residence shortly to destroy your wand.\i0  There was only one thing for it. He would have to run \emdash  now. Where he was going to go, Harry didn\rquote t know, but he was certain of one thing: At Hogwarts or outside it, he needed his wand. In an almost dreamlike state, he pulled his wand out and turned to leave the kitchen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where d\rquote you think you\rquote re going?\rdblquote  yelled Uncle Vernon. When Harry didn\rquote t reply, he pounded across the kitchen to block the door\-way into the hall. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t finished with you, boy!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get out of the way,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re going to stay here and explain how my son \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you don\rquote t get out of the way I\rquote m going to jinx you,\rdblquote  said Harry, raising the wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t pull that one on me!\rdblquote  snarled Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote I know you\rquote re not allowed to use it outside that madhouse you call a school!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The madhouse has chucked me out,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote So I can do whatever I like. You\rquote ve got three seconds. One \emdash  two \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A resounding \i CRACK\i0  filled the kitchen; Aunt Petunia screamed, Uncle Vernon yelled and ducked, but for the third time that night Harry was staring for the source of a disturbance he had not made. He spotted it at once: A dazed and ruffled-looking barn owl was sitting outside on the kitchen sill, having just collided with the closed window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ignoring Uncle Vernon\rquote s anguished yell of \ldblquote OWLS!\rdblquote  Harry crossed the room at a run and wrenched the window open again. The owl stuck out its leg, to which a small roll of parchment was tied, shook its feathers, and took off the moment Harry had pulled off the letter. Hands shaking, Harry unfurled the second message, which was writ\-ten very hastily and blotchily in black ink.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Harry \i0\emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Dumbledore\rquote s just arrived at the Ministry, and he\rquote s trying to sort it all out. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT AND UNCLE\rquote S HOUSE. DO NOT DO ANY MORE MAGIC. DO NOT SURRENDER YOUR WAND.\lang3081\i0\par
\i Arthur Weasley\par
\lang1033\i0\par
Dumbledore was trying to sort it all out. \'85 What did that mean? How much power did Dumbledore have to override the Ministry of Magic? Was there a chance that he might be allowed back to Hog\-warts, then? A small shoot of hope burgeoned in Harry\rquote s chest, almost immediately strangled by panic \emdash  how was he supposed to refuse to surrender his wand without doing magic? He\rquote d have to duel with the Ministry representatives, and if he did that, he\rquote d be lucky to escape Azkaban, let alone expulsion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His mind was racing. \'85 He could run for it and risk being cap\-tured by the Ministry, or stay put and wait for them to find him here. He was much more tempted by the former course, but he knew that Mr. Weasley had his best interests at heart\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and, after all, Dumble\-dore had sorted out much worse than this before. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  Harry said, \ldblquote I\rquote ve changed my mind, I\rquote m staying.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He flung himself down at the kitchen table and faced Dudley and Aunt Petunia. The Dursleys appeared taken aback at his abrupt change of mind. Aunt Petunia glanced despairingly at Uncle Vernon. The vein in Uncle Vernon\rquote s purple temple was throbbing worse than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who are all these ruddy owls from?\rdblquote  he growled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The first one was from the Ministry of Magic, expelling me,\rdblquote  said Harry calmly; he was straining his ears to catch noises outside in case the Ministry representatives were approaching, and it was easier and quieter to answer Uncle Vernon\rquote s questions than to have him start rag\-ing and bellowing. \ldblquote The second one was from my friend Ron\rquote s dad, he works at the Ministry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Ministry of Magic\i0 ?\rdblquote  bellowed Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote People like you in \i government\i0 ? Oh this explains everything, everything, no wonder the country\rquote s going to the dogs. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Harry did not respond, Uncle Vernon glared at him, then spat, \ldblquote And why have you been expelled?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because I did magic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote AHA!\rdblquote  roared Uncle Vernon, slamming his fist down on the top of the fridge, which sprang open; several of Dudley\rquote s low-fat snacks top\-pled out and burst on the floor. \ldblquote So you admit it! \i What did you do to Dudley\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Harry, slightly less calmly. \ldblquote That wasn\rquote t me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote Was\i0 ,\rdblquote  muttered Dudley unexpectedly, and Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia instantly made flapping gestures at Harry to quiet him while they both bent low over Dudley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go on, son,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, \ldblquote what did he do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell us, darling,\rdblquote  whispered Aunt Petunia.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pointed his wand at me,\rdblquote  Dudley mumbled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I did, but I didn\rquote t use \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began angrily, but\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SHUT UP!\rdblquote  roared Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia in unison. \ldblquote Go on, son,\rdblquote  repeated Uncle Vernon, mustache blowing about furiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All dark,\rdblquote  Dudley said hoarsely, shuddering. \ldblquote Everything dark. And then I h-heard \'85 \i things.\i0  Inside m-my head \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia exchanged looks of utter horror. If their least favorite thing in the world was magic, closely followed by neighbors who cheated more than they did on the hosepipe ban, people who heard voices were definitely in the bottom ten. They ob\-viously thought Dudley was losing his mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What sort of things did you hear, popkin?\rdblquote  breathed Aunt Petu\-nia, very white-faced and with tears in her eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Dudley seemed incapable of saying. He shuddered again and shook his large blond head, and despite the sense of numb dread that had settled on Harry since the arrival of the first owl, he felt a certain curiosity. Dementors caused a person to relive the worst moments of their life. \'85 What would spoiled, pampered, bullying Dudley have been forced to hear?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come you fell over, son?\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon in an unnatu\-rally quiet voice, the kind of voice he would adopt at the bedside of a very ill person.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote T-tripped,\rdblquote  said Dudley shakily. \ldblquote And then \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gestured at his massive chest. Harry understood: Dudley was re\-membering the clammy cold that filled the lungs as hope and happi\-ness were sucked out of you.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Horrible,\rdblquote  croaked Dudley. \ldblquote Cold. Really cold.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon in a voice of forced calm, while Aunt Petunia laid an anxious hand on Dudley\rquote s forehead to feel his temper\-ature. \ldblquote What happened then, Dudders?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Felt\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 felt\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 felt\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 as if\'85 as if\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As if you\rquote d never be happy again,\rdblquote  Harry supplied tonelessly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  Dudley whispered, still trembling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, voice restored to full and considerable volume as he straightened up. \ldblquote So you put some crackpot spell on my son so he\rquote d hear voices and believe he was \emdash  was doomed to misery, or something, did you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How many times do I have to tell you?\rdblquote  said Harry, temper and voice rising together. \ldblquote\i It wasn\rquote t me\i0 ! It was a couple of dementors!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A couple of\emdash  what\rquote s this codswallop?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote De \emdash  men \emdash  tors,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly and clearly. \ldblquote Two of them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what the ruddy hell are dementors?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They guard the wizard prison, Azkaban,\rdblquote  said Aunt Petunia.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Two seconds\rquote  ringing silence followed these words and then Aunt Petunia clapped her hand over her mouth as though she had let slip a disgusting swear word. Uncle Vernon was goggling at her. Harry\rquote s brain reeled. Mrs. Figg was one thing \emdash  but \i Aunt Petunia\i0 ?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you know that?\rdblquote  he asked her, astonished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia looked quite appalled with herself. She glanced at Uncle Vernon in fearful apology, then lowered her hand slightly to re\-veal her horsey teeth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I heard \emdash  that awful boy \emdash  telling \i her\i0  about them \emdash  years ago,\rdblquote  she said jerkily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you mean my mum and dad, why don\rquote t you use their names?\rdblquote  said Harry loudly, but Aunt Petunia ignored him. She seemed horri\-bly flustered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was stunned. Except for one outburst years ago, in the course of which Aunt Petunia had screamed that Harry\rquote s mother had been a freak, he had never heard her mention her sister. He was as\-tounded that she had remembered this scrap of information about the magical world for so long, when she usually put all her energies into pretending it didn\rquote t exist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon opened his mouth, closed it again, opened it once more, shut it, then, apparently struggling to remember how to talk, opened it for a third time and croaked, \ldblquote So \emdash  so \emdash  they \emdash  er \emdash  they \emdash  er \emdash  they actually exist, do they \emdash  er \emdash  dementy-whatsits?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon looked from Aunt Petunia to Dudley to Harry as if hoping somebody was going to shout \ldblquote April Fool!\rdblquote  When nobody did, he opened his mouth yet again, but was spared the struggle to find more words by the arrival of the third owl of the evening, which zoomed through the still-open window like a feathery cannonball and landed with a clatter on the kitchen table, causing all three of the Dursleys to jump with fright. Harry tore a second official-looking en\-velope from the owl\rquote s beak and ripped it open as the owl swooped back out into the night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Enough \emdash  effing \emdash  \i owls\i0  \'85\rdblquote  muttered Uncle Vernon distract\-edly, stomping over to the window and slamming it shut again.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dear Mr. Potter,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Further to our letter of approximately twenty-two minutes ago, the Ministry of Magic has revised its decision to destroy your wand forthwith. You may retain your wand until your\lang3081  \lang1033 disciplinary hearing on 12th August, at which time an official decision will be taken.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Following discussions with the Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the Ministry has agreed that the question of your expulsion will also be decided at that time. You should therefore consider yourself suspended from school pending further inquiries.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With best wishes,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yours sincerely,\par
\lang3081 Mafalda Hopkirk\par
\lang1033 IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Ministry of Magic\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\par
Harry read this letter through three times in quick succession. The miserable knot in his chest loosened slightly at the thought that he was not definitely expelled, though his fears were by no means ban\-ished. Everything seemed to hang on this hearing on the twelfth of August.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, recalling Harry to his surroundings. \ldblquote What now? Have they sentenced you to anything? Do your lot have the death penalty?\rdblquote  he added as a hopeful afterthought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got to go to a hearing,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And they\rquote ll sentence you there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose so.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I won\rquote t give up hope, then,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon nastily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, if that\rquote s all,\rdblquote  said Harry, getting to his feet. He was desperate to be alone, to think, perhaps to send a letter to Ron, Hermione, or Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO, IT RUDDY WELL IS NOT ALL!\rdblquote  bellowed Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote SIT BACK DOWN!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \i now\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DUDLEY!\rdblquote  roared Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote I want to know exactly what happened to my son!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote FINE!\rdblquote  yelled Harry, and in his temper, red and gold sparks shot out of the end of his wand, still clutched in his hand. All three Durs\-leys flinched, looking terrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dudley and I were in the alleyway between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria Walk,\rdblquote  said Harry, speaking fast, fighting to control his temper. \ldblquote Dudley thought he\rquote d be smart with me, I pulled out my wand but didn\rquote t use it. Then two dementors turned up \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what ARE dementoids?\rdblquote  asked Uncle Vernon furiously. \ldblquote What do they DO?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told you \emdash  they suck all the happiness out of you,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote and if they get the chance, they kiss you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kiss you?\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, his eyes popping slightly. \i\ldblquote Kiss\i0  you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s what they call it when they suck the soul out of your mouth.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia uttered a soft scream.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His \i soul\i0 ? They didn\rquote t take \emdash  he\rquote s still got his \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She seized Dudley by the shoulders and shook him, as though test\-ing to see whether she could hear his soul rattling around inside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course they didn\rquote t get his soul, you\rquote d know if they had,\rdblquote  said Harry, exasperated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fought \rquote em off, did you, son?\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon loudly, with the appearance of a man struggling to bring the conversation back onto a plane he understood. \ldblquote Gave \rquote em the old one-two, did you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t give a dementor \i the old one-two,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry through clenched teeth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why\rquote s he all right, then?\rdblquote  blustered Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote Why isn\rquote t he all empty, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because I used the Patronus \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i WHOOSH\i0 . With a clattering, a whirring of wings, and a soft fall of dust, a fourth owl came shooting out of the kitchen fireplace.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote FOR GOD\rquote S SAKE!\rdblquote  roared Uncle Vernon, pulling great clumps of hair out of his mustache, something he hadn\rquote t been driven to in a long time. \ldblquote I WILL NOT HAVE OWLS HERE, I WILL NOT TOLERATE THIS, I TELL YOU!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry was already pulling a roll of parchment from the owl\rquote s leg. He was so convinced that this letter had to be from Dumbledore, explaining everything \emdash  the dementors, Mrs. Figg, what the Min\-istry was up to, how he, Dumbledore, intended to sort everything out \emdash  that for the first time in his life he was disappointed to see Sir\-ius\rquote s handwriting. Ignoring Uncle Vernon\rquote s ongoing rant about owls and narrowing his eyes against a second cloud of dust as the most re\-cent owl took off back up the chimney, Harry read Sirius\rquote s message.\par
\par
\i Arthur\rquote s just told us what\rquote s happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Don\rquote t leave the house again, whatever you do.\lang3081  \lang1033\par
\i0\par
Harry found this such an inadequate response to everything that had happened tonight that he turned the piece of parchment over, looking for the rest of the letter, but there was nothing there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now his temper was rising again. Wasn\rquote t \i anybody\i0  going to say \ldblquote well done\rdblquote  for fighting off two dementors single-handedly? Both Mr. Weasley and Sirius were acting as though he\rquote d misbehaved and they were saving their tellings-off until they could ascertain how much damage had been done.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  a peck, I mean, pack of owls shooting in and out of my house and I won\rquote t have it, boy, I won\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t stop the owls coming,\rdblquote  Harry snapped, crushing Sirius\rquote s let\-ter in his fist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want the truth about what happened tonight!\rdblquote  barked Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote If it was demenders who hurt Dudley, how come you\rquote ve been expelled? You did you-know-what, you\rquote ve admitted it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took a deep, steadying breath. His head was beginning to\lang3081  \lang1033 ache again. He wanted more than anything to get out of the kitchen, away from the Dursleys.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did the Patronus Charm to get rid of the dementors,\rdblquote  he said, forcing himself to remain calm. \ldblquote It\rquote s the only thing that works against them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what were dementoids \i doing\i0  in Little Whinging?\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon in tones of outrage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Couldn\rquote t tell you,\rdblquote  said Harry wearily. \ldblquote No idea.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His head was pounding in the glare of the strip lighting now. His anger was ebbing away. He felt drained, exhausted. The Dursleys were all staring at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s you,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon forcefully. \ldblquote It\rquote s got something to do with you, boy, I know it. Why else would they turn up here? Why else would they be down that alleyway? You\rquote ve got to be the only \emdash  the only \emdash\rdblquote  Evidently he couldn\rquote t bring himself to say the word \ldblquote wizard.\rdblquote  \ldblquote The only \i you-know-what\i0  for miles.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know why they were here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But at these words of Uncle Vernon\rquote s, Harry\rquote s exhausted brain ground back into action. Why \i had\i0  the dementors come to Little Whinging? How \i could\i0  it be coincidence that they had arrived in the alleyway where Harry was? Had they been sent? Had the Ministry of Magic lost control of the dementors, had they deserted Azkaban and joined Voldemort, as Dumbledore had predicted they would?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote These demembers guard some weirdos\rquote  prison?\rdblquote  said Uncle Ver\-non, lumbering in the wake of Harry\rquote s train of thought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If only his head would stop hurting, if only he could just leave the kitchen and get to his dark bedroom and \i think. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oho! They were coming to arrest you!\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, with the triumphant air of a man reaching an unassailable conclusion. \ldblquote That\rquote s it, isn\rquote t it, boy? You\rquote re on the run from the law!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I\rquote m not,\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking his head as though to scare off a fly, his mind racing now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then why \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He must have sent them,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly, more to himself than to Uncle Vernon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that? Who must have sent them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lord Voldemort,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He registered dimly how strange it was that the Dursleys, who flinched, winced, and squawked if they heard words like \ldblquote wizard,\rdblquote  \ldblquote magic,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote wand,\rdblquote  could hear the name of the most evil wizard of all time without the slightest tremor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lord \emdash  hang on,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, his face screwed up, a look of dawning comprehension in his piggy eyes. \ldblquote I\rquote ve heard that name \'85 that was the one who \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Murdered my parents, yes,\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he\rquote s gone,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon impatiently, without the slight\-est sign that the murder of Harry\rquote s parents might be a painful topic to anybody. \ldblquote That giant bloke said so. He\rquote s gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s back,\rdblquote  said Harry heavily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It felt very strange to be standing here in Aunt Petunia\rquote s surgically clean kitchen, beside the top-of-the-range fridge and the wide-screen television, and talking calmly of Lord Voldemort to Uncle Vernon. The arrival of the dementors in Little Whinging seemed to have caused a breach in the great, invisible wall that divided the relentlessly non-magical world of Privet Drive and the world beyond. Harry\rquote s two lives had somehow become fused and everything had been turned up\-side down: The Dursleys were asking for details about the magical world and Mrs. Figg knew Albus Dumbledore; dementors were soar\-ing around Little Whinging and he might never go back to Hogwarts. Harry\rquote s head throbbed more painfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Back?\rdblquote  whispered Aunt Petunia.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was looking at Harry as she had never looked at him before. And all of a sudden, for the very first time in his life, Harry fully ap\-preciated that Aunt Petunia was his mother\rquote s sister. He could not have said why this hit him so very powerfully at this moment. All he knew was that he was not the only person in the room who had an inkling of what Lord Voldemort being back might mean. Aunt Petunia had never in her life looked at him like that before. Her large, pale eyes (so unlike her sister\rquote s) were not narrowed in dislike or anger: They were wide and fearful. The furious pretense that Aunt Petunia had main\-tained all Harry\rquote s life \emdash  that there was no magic and no world other than the world she inhabited with Uncle Vernon \emdash  seemed to have fallen away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  Harry said, talking directly to Aunt Petunia now. \ldblquote He came back a month ago. I saw him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her hands found Dudley\rquote s massive leather-clad shoulders and clutched them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, looking from his wife to Harry and back again, apparently dazed and confused by the unprecedented un\-derstanding that seemed to have sprung up between them. \ldblquote Hang on. This Lord Voldything\rquote s back, you say.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The one who murdered your parents.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now he\rquote s sending dismembers after you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Looks like it,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, looking from his white-faced wife to Harry and hitching up his trousers. He seemed to be swelling, his great purple face stretching before Harry\rquote s eyes. \ldblquote Well, that settles it,\rdblquote  he said, his shirt front straining as he inflated himself, \ldblquote\i you can get out of this house, boy\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You heard me \emdash  OUT!\rdblquote  Uncle Vernon bellowed, and even Aunt\lang3081  \lang1033 Petunia and Dudley jumped. \ldblquote OUT! OUT! I should\rquote ve done it years ago! Owls treating the place like a rest home, puddings exploding, half the lounge destroyed, Dudley\rquote s tail, Marge bobbing around on the ceiling, and that flying Ford Anglia \emdash  OUT! OUT! You\rquote ve had it! You\rquote re history! You\rquote re not staying here if some loony\rquote s after you, you\rquote re not endangering my wife and son, you\rquote re not bringing trouble down on us, if you\rquote re going the same way as your useless parents, I\rquote ve had it! OUT!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stood rooted to the spot. The letters from the Ministry, Mr. Weasley, and Sirius were crushed in his left hand. \i Don\rquote t leave the house again, whatever you do. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT AND UNCLE\rquote S HOUSE\i0 .\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You heard me!\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, bending forward now, so that his massive purple face came closer to Harry\rquote s, so that Harry actually felt flecks of spit hit his face. \ldblquote Get going! You were all keen to leave half an hour ago! I\rquote m right behind you! Get out and never darken our doorstep again! Why we ever kept you in the first place I don\rquote t know. Marge was right, it should have been the orphanage, we were too damn soft for our own good, thought we could squash it out of you, thought we could turn you normal, but you\rquote ve been rotten from the beginning, and I\rquote ve had enough \emdash  OWLS!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The fifth owl zoomed down the chimney so fast it actually hit the floor before zooming into the air again with a loud screech. Harry raised his hand to seize the letter, which was in a scarlet envelope, but it soared straight over his head, flying directly at Aunt Petunia, who let out a scream and ducked, her arms over her face. The owl dropped the red envelope on her head, turned, and flew straight up the chimney again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry darted forward to pick up the letter, but Aunt Petunia beat him to it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can open it if you like,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but I\rquote ll hear what it says anyway. That\rquote s a Howler.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let go of it, Petunia!\rdblquote  roared Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote Don\rquote t touch it, it could be dangerous!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s addressed to me,\rdblquote  said Aunt Petunia in a shaking voice. \ldblquote It\rquote s addressed to \i me\i0 , Vernon, look! \i Mrs. Petunia Dursley, The Kitchen, Number Four, Privet Drive\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She caught her breath, horrified. The red envelope had begun to smoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Open it!\rdblquote  Harry urged her. \ldblquote Get it over with! It\rquote ll happen anyway \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia\rquote s hand was trembling. She looked wildly around the kitchen as though looking for an escape route, but too late \emdash  the en\-velope burst into flames. Aunt Petunia screamed and dropped it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An awful voice filled the kitchen, echoing in the confined space, is\-suing from the burning letter on the table.\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\lang1033\ldblquote\i REMEMBER MY LAST, PETUNIA\i0 .\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia looked as though she might faint. She sank into the chair beside Dudley, her face in her hands. The remains of the enve\-lope smoldered into ash in the silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is this?\rdblquote  Uncle Vernon said hoarsely. \ldblquote What \emdash  I don\rquote t \emdash  Petunia?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia said nothing. Dudley was staring stupidly at his mother, his mouth hanging open. The silence spiraled horribly. Harry was watching his aunt, utterly bewildered, his head throbbing fit to burst.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Petunia, dear?\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon timidly. \ldblquote P-Petunia?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She raised her head. She was still trembling. She swallowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The boy \emdash  the boy will have to stay, Vernon,\rdblquote  she said weakly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote W-what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He stays,\rdblquote  she said. She was not looking at Harry. She got to her feet again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He \'85 but Petunia \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If we throw him out, the neighbors will talk,\rdblquote  she said. She was re\-gaining her usual brisk, snappish manner rapidly, though she was still very pale. \ldblquote They\rquote ll ask awkward questions, they\rquote ll want to know where he\rquote s gone. We\rquote ll have to keep him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon was deflating like an old tire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Petunia, dear \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia ignored him. She turned to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re to stay in your room,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote You\rquote re not to leave the house. Now get to bed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t move.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who was that Howler from?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t ask questions,\rdblquote  Aunt Petunia snapped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you in touch with wizards?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told you to get to bed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did it mean? Remember the last what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go to bed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote YOU HEARD YOUR AUNT, NOW GET TO BED!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 3\par
\pard\qc The Advanced Guard\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote\i I\lang3081\i0\rquote\lang1033\i ve just been attacked by dementors and I might be expelled from Hogwarts. I want to know what\rquote s going on and when I\rquote m going to get out of here.\i0\par
Harry copied these words onto three separate pieces of parchment the moment he reached the desk in his dark bedroom. He addressed the first to Sirius, the second to Ron, and the third to Hermione. His owl, Hedwig, was off hunting; her cage stood empty on the desk. Harry paced the bedroom waiting for her to come back, his head pounding, his brain too busy for sleep even though his eyes stung and itched with tiredness. His back ached from carrying Dudley home, and the two lumps on his head where the window and Dudley had hit him were throbbing painfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Up and down he paced, consumed with anger and frustration, grinding his teeth and clenching his fists, casting angry looks out at the empty, star-strewn sky every time he passed the window. Demen\-tors sent to get him, Mrs. Figg and Mundungus Fletcher tailing him in secret, then suspension from Hogwarts and a hearing at the Min\-istry of Magic \emdash  and \i still\i0  no one was telling him what was going on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And what, \i what,\i0  had that Howler been about? Whose voice had echoed so horribly, so menacingly, through the kitchen?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Why was he still trapped here without information? Why was everyone treating him like some naughty kid? \i Don\rquote t do any more magic, stay in the house. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 He kicked his school trunk as he passed it, but far from relieving his anger he felt worse, as he now had a sharp pain in his toe to deal with in addition to the pain in the rest of his body.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Just as he limped past the window, Hedwig soared through it with a soft rustle of wings like a small ghost.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote About time!\rdblquote  Harry snarled, as she landed lightly on top of her cage. \ldblquote You can put that down, I\rquote ve got work for you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hedwig\rquote s large round amber eyes gazed reproachfully at him over the dead frog clamped in her beak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come here,\rdblquote  said Harry, picking up the three small rolls of parch\-ment and a leather thong and tying the scrolls to her scaly leg. \ldblquote Take these straight to Sirius, Ron, and Hermione and don\rquote t come back here without good long replies. Keep pecking them till they\rquote ve written decent-length answers if you\rquote ve got to. Understand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hedwig gave a muffled hooting noise, beak still full of frog.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get going, then,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She took off immediately. The moment she\rquote d gone, Harry threw himself down onto his bed without undressing and stared at the dark ceiling. In addition to every other miserable feeling, he now felt guilty that he\rquote d been irritable with Hedwig; she was the only friend he had at number four, Privet Drive. But he\rquote d make it up to her when she came back with Sirius\rquote s, Ron\rquote s, and Hermione\rquote s answers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were bound to write back quickly; they couldn\rquote t possibly ig\-nore a dementor attack. He\rquote d probably wake up tomorrow to three fat letters full of sympathy and plans for his immediate removal to the Burrow. And with that comforting idea, sleep rolled over him, stifling all further thought.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\lang1033 *   *   *\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 But Hedwig didn\rquote t return next morning. Harry spent the day in his bedroom, leaving it only to go to the bathroom. Three times that day Aunt Petunia shoved food into his room through the cat flap Uncle Vernon had installed three summers ago. Every time Harry heard her approaching he tried to question her about the Howler, but he might as well have interrogated the doorknob for all the answers he got. Otherwise the Dursleys kept well clear of his bedroom. Harry couldn\rquote t see the point of forcing his company on them; another row would achieve nothing except perhaps making him so angry he\rquote d perform more illegal magic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 So it went on for three whole days. Harry was filled alternately with restless energy that made him unable to settle to anything, during which he paced his bedroom again, furious at the whole lot of them for leaving him to stew in this mess, and with a lethargy so complete that he could lie on his bed for an hour at a time, staring dazedly into space, aching with dread at the thought of the Ministry hearing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 What if they ruled against him? What if he \i was\i0  expelled and his wand was snapped in half? What would he do, where would he go? He could not return to living full-time with the Dursleys, not now that he knew the other world, the one to which he really belonged. \'85 Was it possible that he might be able to move into Sirius\rquote s house, as Sirius had suggested a year ago, before he had been forced to flee from the Ministry himself? Would he be allowed to live there alone, given that he was still underage? Or would the matter of where he went next be decided for him; had his breach of the International Statute of Secrecy been severe enough to land him in a cell in Azka\-ban? Whenever this thought occurred, Harry invariably slid off his bed and began pacing again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On the fourth night after Hedwig\rquote s departure Harry was lying in one of his apathetic phases, staring at the ceiling, his exhausted mind\lang3081  \lang1033 quite blank, when his uncle entered his bedroom. Harry looked slowly around at him. Uncle Vernon was wearing his best suit and an expression of enormous smugness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re going out,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We \emdash  that is to say, your aunt, Dudley, and I \emdash  are going out.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  said Harry dully, looking back at the ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are not to leave your bedroom while we are away.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are not to touch the television, the stereo, or any of our possessions.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are not to steal food from the fridge.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am going to lock your door.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You do that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, clearly suspicious of this lack of ar\-gument, then stomped out of the room and closed the door behind him. Harry heard the key turn in the lock and Uncle Vernon\rquote s foot\-steps walking heavily down the stairs. A few minutes later he heard the slamming of car doors, the rumble of an engine, and the unmistakable sound of the car sweeping out of the drive.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had no particular feeling about the Dursleys leaving. It made no difference to him whether they were in the house or not. He could not even summon the energy to get up and turn on his bedroom light. The room grew steadily darker around him as he lay listening to the night sounds through the window he kept open all the time, waiting for the blessed moment when Hedwig returned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The empty house creaked around him. The pipes gurgled. Harry lay there in a kind of stupor, thinking of nothing, suspended in misery.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, quite distinctly, he heard a crash in the kitchen below.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sat bolt upright, listening intently. The Dursleys couldn\rquote t be back, it was much too soon, and in any case he hadn\rquote t heard their car.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence for a few seconds, and then he heard voices.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Burglars,\i0  he thought, sliding off the bed onto his feet \emdash  but a split second later it occurred to him that burglars would keep their voices down, and whoever was moving around in the kitchen was certainly not troubling to do so.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He snatched up his wand from his bedside table and stood facing his bedroom door, listening with all his might. Next moment he jumped as the lock gave a loud click and his door swung open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stood motionless, staring through the open door at the dark upstairs landing, straining his ears for further sounds, but none came. He hesitated for a moment and then moved swiftly and silently out of his room to the head of the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His heart shot upward into his throat. There were people standing in the shadowy hall below, silhouetted against the streetlight glowing through the glass door; eight or nine of them, all, as far as he could see, looking up at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lower your wand, boy, before you take someone\rquote s eye out,\rdblquote  said a low, growling voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart was thumping uncontrollably. He knew that voice, but he did not lower his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Moody?\rdblquote  he said uncertainly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know so much about \lquote Professor,\rquote  \rdblquote  growled the voice, \ldblquote never got round to much teaching, did I? Get down here, we want to see you properly.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry lowered his wand slightly but did not relax his grip on it, nor did he move. He had very good reason to be suspicious. He had re\-cently spent nine months in what he had thought was Mad-Eye Moody\rquote s company only to find out that it wasn\rquote t Moody at all, but an impostor; an impostor, moreover, who had tried to kill Harry before\lang3081  \lang1033 being unmasked. But before he could make a decision about what to do next, a second, slightly hoarse voice floated upstairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all right, Harry. We\rquote ve come to take you away.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart leapt. He knew that voice too, though he hadn\rquote t heard it for more than a year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote P-Professor Lupin?\rdblquote  he said disbelievingly. \ldblquote Is that you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why are we all standing in the dark?\rdblquote  said a third voice, this one completely unfamiliar, a woman\rquote s. \ldblquote\i Lumos.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A wand tip flared, illuminating the hall with magical light. Harry blinked. The people below were crowded around the foot of the stairs, gazing intently up at him, some craning their heads for a better look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Remus Lupin stood nearest to him. Though still quite young, Lupin looked tired and rather ill; he had more gray hair than when Harry had said good-bye to him, and his robes were more patched and shabbier than ever. Nevertheless, he was smiling broadly at Harry, who tried to smile back through his shock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oooh, he looks just like I thought he would,\rdblquote  said the witch who was holding her lit wand aloft. She looked the youngest there; she had a pale heart-shaped face, dark twinkling eyes, and short spiky hair that was a violent shade of violet. \ldblquote Wotcher, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I see what you mean, Remus,\rdblquote  said a bald black wizard standing farthest back; he had a deep, slow voice and wore a single gold hoop in his ear. \ldblquote He looks exactly like James.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Except the eyes,\rdblquote  said a wheezy-voiced, silver-haired wizard at the back. \ldblquote Lily\rquote s eyes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mad-Eye Moody, who had long grizzled gray hair and a large chunk missing from his nose, was squinting suspiciously at Harry through his mismatched eyes. One of the eyes was small, dark, and beady, the other large, round, and electric blue \emdash  the magical eye that could see through walls, doors, and the back of Moody\rquote s own head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you quite sure it\rquote s him, Lupin?\rdblquote  he growled. \ldblquote It\rquote d be a nice\lang3081  \lang1033 lookout if we bring back some Death Eater impersonating him. We ought to ask him something only the real Potter would know. Unless anyone brought any Veritaserum?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, what form does your Patronus take?\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A stag,\rdblquote  said Harry nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s him, Mad-Eye,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry descended the stairs, very conscious of everybody still staring at him, stowing his wand into the back pocket of his jeans as he came.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t put your wand there, boy!\rdblquote  roared Moody. \ldblquote What if it ig\-nited? Better wizards than you have lost buttocks, you know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who d\rquote you know who\rquote s lost a buttock?\rdblquote  the violet-haired woman asked Mad-Eye interestedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never you mind, you just keep your wand out of your back pocket!\rdblquote  growled Mad-Eye. \ldblquote Elementary wand safety, nobody bothers about it anymore. \'85\rdblquote  He stumped off toward the kitchen. \ldblquote And I saw that,\rdblquote  he added irritably, as the woman rolled her eyes at the ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin held out his hand and shook Harry\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are you?\rdblquote  he asked, looking at Harry closely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote F-fine \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could hardly believe this was real. Four weeks with nothing, not the tiniest hint of a plan to remove him from Privet Drive, and suddenly a whole bunch of wizards was standing matter-of-factly in the house as though this were a long-standing arrangement. He glanced at the people surrounding Lupin; they were still gazing avidly at him. He felt very conscious of the fact that he had not combed his hair for four days.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m \emdash  you\rquote re really lucky the Dursleys are out\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  he mumbled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lucky, ha!\rdblquote  said the violet-haired woman. \ldblquote It was me that lured them out of the way. Sent a letter by Muggle post telling them they\rquote d been short-listed for the All-England Best-Kept Suburban Lawn Competition. They\rquote re heading off to the prize-giving right now. \'85 Or they think they are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had a fleeting vision of Uncle Vernon\rquote s face when he realized there was no All-England Best-Kept Suburban Lawn Competition.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We are leaving, aren\rquote t we?\rdblquote  he asked. \ldblquote Soon?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Almost at once,\rdblquote  said Lupin, \ldblquote we\rquote re just waiting for the all-clear.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are we going? The Burrow?\rdblquote  Harry asked hopefully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not the Burrow, no,\rdblquote  said Lupin, motioning Harry toward the kitchen; the little knot of wizards followed, all still eyeing Harry curi\-ously. \ldblquote Too risky. We\rquote ve set up headquarters somewhere undetectable. It\rquote s taken a while. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mad-Eye Moody was now sitting at the kitchen table swigging from a hip flask, his magical eye spinning in all directions, taking in the Dursleys\rquote  many labor-saving appliances.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is Alastor Moody, Harry,\rdblquote  Lupin continued, pointing toward Moody.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I know,\rdblquote  said Harry uncomfortably; it felt odd to be intro\-duced to somebody he\rquote d thought he\rquote d known for a year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And this is Nymphadora \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Don\rquote t\i0  call me Nymphadora, Remus,\rdblquote  said the young witch with a shudder. \ldblquote It\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033 Tonks.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  Nymphadora Tonks, who prefers to be known by her surname only,\rdblquote  finished Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So would you if your fool of a mother had called you \lquote Nympha\-dora,\rquote  \rdblquote  muttered Tonks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And this is Kingsley Shacklebolt\rdblquote  \emdash  he indicated the tall black wizard, who bowed \emdash  \ldblquote Elphias Doge\rdblquote  \emdash  the wheezy-voiced wizard nodded \emdash  \ldblquote Dedalus Diggle \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve met before,\rdblquote  squeaked the excitable Diggle, dropping his top hat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  Emmeline Vance\rdblquote  \emdash  a stately looking witch in an emerald-green shawl inclined her head \emdash  \ldblquote Sturgis Podmore\rdblquote  \emdash  a square-jawed wizard with thick, straw-colored hair winked \emdash  \ldblquote and Hestia Jones.\rdblquote  A pink-cheeked, black-haired witch waved from next to the toaster.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry inclined his head awkwardly at each of them as they were in\-troduced. He wished they would look at something other than him; it was as though he had suddenly been ushered onstage. He also won\-dered why so many of them were there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A surprising number of people volunteered to come and get you,\rdblquote  said Lupin, as though he had read Harry\rquote s mind; the corners of his mouth twitched slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, the more the better,\rdblquote  said Moody darkly. \ldblquote We\rquote re your guard, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re just waiting for the signal to tell us it\rquote s safe to set off,\rdblquote  said Lupin, glancing out of the kitchen window. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got about fifteen minutes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very \i clean,\i0  aren\rquote t they, these Muggles?\rdblquote  said the witch called Tonks, who was looking around the kitchen with great interest. \ldblquote My dad\rquote s Muggle-born and he\rquote s a right old slob. I suppose it varies, just like with wizards?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Look\rdblquote  \emdash  he turned back to Lupin \emdash  \ldblquote what\rquote s going on, I haven\rquote t heard anything from anyone, what\rquote s Vol \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Several of the witches and wizards made odd hissing noises; Dedalus Diggle dropped his hat again, and Moody growled, \ldblquote\i Shut up\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not discussing anything here, it\rquote s too risky,\rdblquote  said Moody, turning his normal eye on Harry; his magical eye remained pointing up at the ceiling. \ldblquote\i Damn it,\i0\rdblquote  he added angrily, putting a hand up to the magical eye, \ldblquote it keeps sticking \emdash  ever since that scum wore it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And with a nasty squelching sound much like a plunger being pulled from a sink, he popped out his eye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mad-Eye, you do know that\rquote s disgusting, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Tonks conversationally.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get me a glass of water, would you, Harry?\rdblquote  asked Moody.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry crossed to the dishwasher, took out a clean glass, and filled it\lang3081  \lang1033 with water at the sink, still watched eagerly by the band of wizards. Their relentless staring was starting to annoy him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cheers,\rdblquote  said Moody, when Harry handed him the glass. He dropped the magical eyeball into the water and prodded it up and down; the eye whizzed around, staring at them all in turn. \ldblquote I want three-hundred-and-sixty degrees visibility on the return journey.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote re we getting \emdash  wherever we\rquote re going?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Brooms,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Only way. You\rquote re too young to Apparate, they\rquote ll be watching the Floo Network, and it\rquote s more than our life\rquote s worth to set up an unauthorized Portkey.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remus says you\rquote re a good flier,\rdblquote  said Kingsley Shacklebolt in his deep voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s excellent,\rdblquote  said Lupin, who was checking his watch. \ldblquote Any\-way, you\rquote d better go and get packed, Harry, we want to be ready to go when the signal comes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll come and help you,\rdblquote  said Tonks brightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She followed Harry back into the hall and up the stairs, looking around with much curiosity and interest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Funny place,\rdblquote  she said, \ldblquote it\rquote s a bit \i too\i0  clean, d\rquote you know what I mean? Bit unnatural. Oh, this is better,\rdblquote  she added, as they entered Harry\rquote s bedroom and he turned on the light.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His room was certainly much messier than the rest of the house. Confined to it for four days in a very bad mood, Harry had not both\-ered tidying up after himself. Most of the books he owned were strewn over the floor where he\rquote d tried to distract himself with each in turn and thrown it aside. Hedwig\rquote s cage needed cleaning out and was starting to smell, and his trunk lay open, revealing a jumbled mixture of Muggle clothes and wizard\rquote s robes that had spilled onto the floor around it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry started picking up books and throwing them hastily into his trunk. Tonks paused at his open wardrobe to look critically at her re\-flection in the mirror on the inside of the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know, I don\rquote t think purple\rquote s really my color,\rdblquote  she said pen\-sively, tugging at a lock of spiky hair. \ldblquote D\rquote you think it makes me look a bit peaky?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry, looking up at her over the top of \i Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland\i0 .\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it does,\rdblquote  said Tonks decisively. She screwed up her eyes in a strained expression as though she were struggling to remember some\-thing. A second later, her hair had turned bubble-gum pink.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you do that?\rdblquote  said Harry, gaping at her as she opened her eyes again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m a Metamorphmagus,\rdblquote  she said, looking back at her reflection and turning her head so that she could see her hair from all directions. \ldblquote It means I can change my appearance at will,\rdblquote  she added, spotting Harry\rquote s puzzled expression in the mirror behind her. \ldblquote I was born one. I got top marks in Concealment and Disguise during Auror training without any study at all, it was great.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re an Auror?\rdblquote  said Harry, impressed. Being a Dark wizard catcher was the only career he\rquote d ever considered after Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Tonks, looking proud. \ldblquote Kingsley is as well; he\rquote s a bit higher up than I am, though. I only qualified a year ago. Nearly failed on Stealth and Tracking, I\rquote m dead clumsy, did you hear me break that plate when we arrived downstairs?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you learn how to be a Metamorphmagus?\rdblquote  Harry asked her, straightening up, completely forgetting about packing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tonks chuckled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bet you wouldn\rquote t mind hiding that scar sometimes, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her eyes found the lightning-shaped scar on Harry\rquote s forehead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I wouldn\rquote t mind,\rdblquote  Harry mumbled, turning away. He did not like people staring at his scar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you\rquote ll have to learn the hard way, I\rquote m afraid,\rdblquote  said Tonks. \ldblquote Metamorphmagi are really rare, they\rquote re born, not made. Most wiz\-ards need to use a wand or potions to change their appearance. \'85 But we\rquote ve got to get going, Harry, we\rquote re supposed to be packing,\rdblquote  she added guiltily, looking around at all the mess on the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, grabbing up a few more books.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be stupid, it\rquote ll be much quicker if I \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033\i pack\i0 !\rdblquote  cried Tonks, waving her wand in a long, sweeping movement over the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Books, clothes, telescope, and scales all soared into the air and flew pell-mell into the trunk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not very neat,\rdblquote  said Tonks, walking over to the trunk and look\-ing down at the jumble inside. \ldblquote My mum\rquote s got this knack of getting stuff to fit itself in neatly \emdash  she even gets the socks to fold them\-selves \emdash  but I\rquote ve never mastered how she does it \emdash  it\rquote s a kind of flick\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She flicked her wand hopefully; one of Harry\rquote s socks gave a feeble sort of wiggle and flopped back on top of the mess within.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, well,\rdblquote  said Tonks, slamming the trunk\rquote s lid shut, \ldblquote at least it\rquote s all in. That could do with a bit of cleaning, too \emdash  \i Scourgify\i0  \emdash\rdblquote  She pointed her wand at Hedwig\rquote s cage; a few feathers and droppings van\-ished. \ldblquote Well, that\rquote s a \i bit\i0  better \emdash  I\rquote ve never quite got the hang of these sort of householdy spells. Right \emdash  got everything? Cauldron? Broom? Wow! A \i Firebolt\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her eyes widened as they fell on the broomstick in Harry\rquote s right hand. It was his pride and joy, a gift from Sirius, an international stan\-dard broomstick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And I\rquote m still riding a Comet Two Sixty,\rdblquote  said Tonks enviously. \ldblquote Ah well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 wand still in your jeans? Both buttocks still on? Okay, let\rquote s go. \i Locomotor Trunk.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s trunk rose a few inches into the air. Holding her wand like a conductor\rquote s baton, Tonks made it hover across the room and out of the door ahead of them, Hedwig\rquote s cage in her left hand. Harry followed her down the stairs carrying his broomstick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Back in the kitchen, Moody had replaced his eye, which was spinning so fast after its cleaning it made Harry feel sick. Kingsley\lang3081  \lang1033 Shacklebolt and Sturgis Podmore were examining the microwave and Hestia Jones was laughing at a potato peeler she had come across while rummaging in the drawers. Lupin was sealing a letter addressed to the Dursleys.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent,\rdblquote  said Lupin, looking up as Tonks and Harry entered. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got about a minute, I think. We should probably get out into the garden so we\rquote re ready. Harry, I\rquote ve left a letter telling your aunt and uncle not to worry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They won\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That you\rquote re safe \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote ll just depress them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and you\rquote ll see them next summer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do I have to?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin smiled but made no answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come here, boy,\rdblquote  said Moody gruffly, beckoning Harry toward him with his wand. \ldblquote I need to Disillusion you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You need to what?\rdblquote  said Harry nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Disillusionment Charm,\rdblquote  said Moody, raising his wand. \ldblquote Lupin says you\rquote ve got an Invisibility Cloak, but it won\rquote t stay on while we\rquote re flying; this\rquote ll disguise you better. Here you go \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He rapped Harry hard on the top of the head and Harry felt a cu\-rious sensation as though Moody had just smashed an egg there; cold trickles seemed to be running down his body from the point the wand had struck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice one, Mad-Eye,\rdblquote  said Tonks appreciatively, staring at Harry\rquote s midriff.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down at his body, or rather, what had been his body, for it didn\rquote t look anything like his anymore. It was not invisible; it had simply taken on the exact color and texture of the kitchen unit behind him. He seemed to have become a human chameleon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on,\rdblquote  said Moody, unlocking the back door with his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all stepped outside onto Uncle Vernon\rquote s beautifully kept lawn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Clear night,\rdblquote  grunted Moody, his magical eye scanning the heav\-ens. \ldblquote Could\rquote ve done with a bit more cloud cover. Right, you,\rdblquote  he barked at Harry, \ldblquote we\rquote re going to be flying in close formation. Tonks\rquote ll be right in front of you, keep close on her tail. Lupin\rquote ll be covering you from below. I\rquote m going to be behind you. The rest\rquote ll be circling us. We don\rquote t break ranks for anything, got me? If one of us is killed \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is that likely?\rdblquote  Harry asked apprehensively, but Moody ignored him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  the others keep flying, don\rquote t stop, don\rquote t break ranks. If they take out all of us and you survive, Harry, the rear guard are standing by to take over; keep flying east and they\rquote ll join you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop being so cheerful, Mad-Eye, he\rquote ll think we\rquote re not taking this seriously,\rdblquote  said Tonks, as she strapped Harry\rquote s trunk and Hedwig\rquote s cage into a harness hanging from her broom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m just telling the boy the plan,\rdblquote  growled Moody. \ldblquote Our job\rquote s to deliver him safely to headquarters and if we die in the attempt \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one\rquote s going to die,\rdblquote  said Kingsley Shacklebolt in his deep, calming voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mount your brooms, that\rquote s the first signal!\rdblquote  said Lupin sharply, pointing into the sky.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Far, far above them, a shower of bright red sparks had flared among the stars. Harry recognized them at once as wand sparks. He swung his right leg over his Firebolt, gripped its handle tightly, and felt it vibrating very slightly, as though it was as keen as he was to be up in the air once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Second signal, let\rquote s go!\rdblquote  said Lupin loudly, as more sparks, green this time, exploded high above them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry kicked off hard from the ground. The cool night air rushed through his hair as the neat square gardens of Privet Drive fell away, shrinking rapidly into a patchwork of dark greens and blacks, and every thought of the Ministry hearing was swept from his mind as though the rush of air had blown it out of his head. He felt as though\lang3081  \lang1033 his heart was going to explode with pleasure; he was flying again, fly\-ing away from Privet Drive as he\rquote d been fantasizing about all summer, he was going home. \'85 For a few glorious moments, all his problems seemed to recede into nothing, insignificant in the vast, starry sky.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hard left, hard left, there\rquote s a Muggle looking up!\rdblquote  shouted Moody from behind him. Tonks swerved and Harry followed her, watching his trunk swinging wildly beneath her broom. \ldblquote We need more height. \'85 Give it another quarter of a mile!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s eyes watered in the chill as they soared upward; he could see nothing below now but tiny pinpricks of light that were car headlights and streetlamps. Two of those tiny lights might belong to Uncle Ver\-non\rquote s car. \'85 The Dursleys would be heading back to their empty house right now, full of rage about the nonexistent lawn competition \'85 and Harry laughed aloud at the thought, though his voice was drowned by the flapping of the others\rquote  robes, the creaking of the har\-ness holding his trunk and the cage, the \i whoosh\i0  of the wind in their ears as they sped through the air. He had not felt this alive in a month, or this happy. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bearing south!\rdblquote  shouted Mad-Eye. \ldblquote Town ahead!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They soared right, so that they did not pass directly over the glit\-tering spiderweb of lights below.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bear southeast and keep climbing, there\rquote s some low cloud ahead we can lose ourselves in!\rdblquote  called Moody.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not going through clouds!\rdblquote  shouted Tonks angrily. \ldblquote We\rquote ll get soaked, Mad-Eye!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was relieved to hear her say this; his hands were growing numb on the Firebolt\rquote s handle. He wished he had thought to put on a coat; he was starting to shiver.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They altered their course every now and then according to Mad-Eye\rquote s instructions. Harry\rquote s eyes were screwed up against the rush of icy wind that was starting to make his ears ache. He could remember be\-ing this cold on a broom only once before, during the Quidditch\lang3081  \lang1033 match against Hufflepuff in his third year, which had taken place in a storm. The guard around him was circling continuously like giant birds of prey. Harry lost track of time. He wondered how long they had been flying; it felt like an hour at least.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Turning southwest!\rdblquote  yelled Moody. \ldblquote We want to avoid the motorway!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was now so chilled that he thought longingly for a moment of the snug, dry interiors of the cars streaming along below, then, even more longingly, of traveling by Floo powder; it might be uncomfort\-able to spin around in fireplaces but it was at least warm in the flames. \'85 Kingsley Shacklebolt swooped around him, bald pate and earring gleaming slightly in the moonlight. \'85 Now Emmeline Vance was on his right, her wand out, her head turning left and right\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 then she too swooped over him, to be replaced by Sturgis Podmore. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We ought to double back for a bit, just to make sure we\rquote re not be\-ing followed!\rdblquote  Moody shouted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote ARE YOU MAD, MAD-EYE?\rdblquote  Tonks screamed from the front. \ldblquote We\rquote re all frozen to our brooms! If we keep going off course we\rquote re not going to get there until next week! We\rquote re nearly there now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Time to start the descent!\rdblquote  came Lupin\rquote s voice. \ldblquote Follow Tonks, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry followed Tonks into a dive. They were heading for the largest collection of lights he had yet seen, a huge, sprawling, crisscrossing mass, glittering in lines and grids, interspersed with patches of deep\-est black. Lower and lower they flew, until Harry could see individual headlights and streetlamps, chimneys, and television aerials. He wanted to reach the ground very much, though he felt sure that some\-one would have to unfreeze him from his broom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here we go!\rdblquote  called Tonks, and a few seconds later she had landed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry touched down right behind her and dismounted on a patch of unkempt grass in the middle of a small square. Tonks was already unbuckling Harry\rquote s trunk. Shivering, Harry looked around. The grimy\lang3081  \lang1033 fronts of the surrounding houses were not welcoming; some of them had broken windows, glimmering dully in the light from the street-lamps, paint was peeling from many of the doors, and heaps of rubbish lay outside several sets of front steps.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are we?\rdblquote  Harry asked, but Lupin said quietly, \ldblquote In a minute.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Moody was rummaging in his cloak, his gnarled hands clumsy with cold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Got it,\rdblquote  he muttered, raising what looked like a silver cigarette lighter into the air and clicking it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The nearest streetlamp went out with a pop. He clicked the un-lighter again; the next lamp went out. He kept clicking until every lamp in the square was extinguished and the only light in the square came from curtained windows and the sickle moon overhead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Borrowed it from Dumbledore,\rdblquote  growled Moody, pocketing the Put-Outer. \ldblquote That\rquote ll take care of any Muggles looking out of the win\-dow, see? Now, come on, quick.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He took Harry by the arm and led him from the patch of grass, across the road, and onto the pavement. Lupin and Tonks followed, carrying Harry\rquote s trunk between them, the rest of the guard, all with their wands out, flanking them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The muffled pounding of a stereo was coming from an upper win\-dow in the nearest house. A pungent smell of rotting rubbish came from the pile of bulging bin-bags just inside the broken gate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  Moody muttered, thrusting a piece of parchment toward Harry\rquote s Disillusioned hand and holding his lit wand close to it, so as to illuminate the writing. \ldblquote Read quickly and memorize.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down at the piece of paper. The narrow handwriting was vaguely familiar. It said:\par
\par
\i The headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix may be found\lang3081  \lang1033 at number twelve, Grimmauld Place, London.\par
\i0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 4\par
\pard\qc Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the Order of the \emdash  ?\rdblquote  Harry began.\par
\ldblquote Not here, boy!\rdblquote  snarled Moody. \ldblquote Wait till we\rquote re inside!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled the piece of parchment out of Harry\rquote s hand and set fire to it with his wand tip. As the message curled into flames and floated to the ground, Harry looked around at the houses again. They were standing outside number eleven; he looked to the left and saw num\-ber ten; to the right, however, was number thirteen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But where\rquote s \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Think about what you\rquote ve just memorized,\rdblquote  said Lupin quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought, and no sooner had he reached the part about num\-ber twelve, Grimmauld Place, than a battered door emerged out of nowhere between numbers eleven and thirteen, followed swiftly by dirty walls and grimy windows. It was as though an extra house had inflated, pushing those on either side out of its way. Harry gaped at it. The stereo in number eleven thudded on. Apparently the Muggles in\-side hadn\rquote t even felt anything.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, hurry,\rdblquote  growled Moody, prodding Harry in the back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry walked up the worn stone steps, staring at the newly materi\-alized door. Its black paint was shabby and scratched. The silver door knocker was in the form of a twisted serpent. There was no keyhole or letterbox.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin pulled out his wand and tapped the door once. Harry heard many loud, metallic clicks and what sounded like the clatter of a chain. The door creaked open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get in quick, Harry,\rdblquote  Lupin whispered. \ldblquote But don\rquote t go far inside and don\rquote t touch anything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stepped over the threshold into the almost total darkness of the hall. He could smell damp, dust, and a sweetish, rotting smell; the place had the feeling of a derelict building. He looked over his shoul\-der and saw the others filing in behind him, Lupin and Tonks carrying his trunk and Hedwig\rquote s cage. Moody was standing on the top step and releasing the balls of light the Put-Outer had stolen from the street-lamps; they flew back to their bulbs and the square beyond glowed momentarily with orange light before Moody limped inside and closed the front door, so that the darkness in the hall became complete.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He rapped Harry hard over the head with his wand; Harry felt as though something hot was trickling down his back this time and knew that the Disillusionment Charm must have lifted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now stay still, everyone, while I give us a bit of light in here,\rdblquote  Moody whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The others\rquote  hushed voices were giving Harry an odd feeling of fore\-boding; it was as though they had just entered the house of a dying person. He heard a soft hissing noise and then old-fashioned gas lamps sputtered into life all along the walls, casting a flickering insub\-stantial light over the peeling wallpaper and threadbare carpet of a long, gloomy hallway, where a cobwebby chandelier glimmered over\-head and age-blackened portraits hung crooked on the walls. Harry\lang3081  \lang1033 heard something scuttling behind the baseboard. Both the chandelier and the candelabra on a rickety table nearby were shaped like serpents.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were hurried footsteps and Ron\rquote s mother, Mrs. Weasley, emerged from a door at the far end of the hall. She was beaming in welcome as she hurried toward them, though Harry noticed that she was rather thinner and paler than she had been last time he had seen her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Harry, it\rquote s lovely to see you!\rdblquote  she whispered, pulling him into a rib-cracking hug before holding him at arm\rquote s length and examining him critically. \ldblquote You\rquote re looking peaky; you need feeding up, but you\rquote ll have to wait a bit for dinner, I\rquote m afraid. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She turned to the gang of wizards behind him and whispered ur\-gently, \ldblquote He\rquote s just arrived, the meeting\rquote s started. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wizards behind Harry all made noises of interest and excite\-ment and began filing past Harry toward the door through which Mrs. Weasley had just come; Harry made to follow Lupin, but Mrs. Weasley held him back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Harry, the meeting\rquote s only for members of the Order. Ron and Hermione are upstairs, you can wait with them until the meeting\rquote s over and then we\rquote ll have dinner. And keep your voice down in the hall,\rdblquote  she added in an urgent whisper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want to wake anything up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll explain later, I\rquote ve got to hurry, I\rquote m supposed to be at the meet\-ing \emdash  I\rquote ll just show you where you\rquote re sleeping.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pressing her finger to her lips, she led him on tiptoes past a pair of long, moth-eaten curtains, behind which Harry supposed there must be another door, and after skirting a large umbrella stand that looked as though it had been made from a severed troll\rquote s leg, they started up the dark staircase, passing a row of shrunken heads mounted on\lang3081  \lang1033 plaques on the wall. A closer look showed Harry that the heads be\-longed to house-elves. All of them had the same rather snoutlike nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s bewilderment deepened with every step he took. What on earth were they doing in a house that looked as though it belonged to the Darkest of wizards?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mrs. Weasley, why \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron and Hermione will explain everything, dear, I\rquote ve really got to dash,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley whispered distractedly. \ldblquote There\rdblquote  \emdash  they had reached the second landing \emdash  \ldblquote you\rquote re the door on the right. I\rquote ll call you when it\rquote s over.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she hurried off downstairs again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry crossed the dingy landing, turned the bedroom doorknob, which was shaped like a serpent\rquote s head, and opened the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He caught a brief glimpse of a gloomy high-ceilinged, twin-bedded room, then there was a loud twittering noise, followed by an even louder shriek, and his vision was completely obscured by a large quan\-tity of very bushy hair \emdash  Hermione had thrown herself onto him in a hug that nearly knocked him flat, while Ron\rquote s tiny owl, Pigwidgeon, zoomed excitedly round and round their heads.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HARRY! Ron, he\rquote s here, Harry\rquote s here! We didn\rquote t hear you arrive! Oh, how \i are\i0  you? Are you all right? Have you been furious with us? I bet you have, I know our letters were useless \emdash  but we couldn\rquote t tell you anything, Dumbledore made us swear we wouldn\rquote t, oh, we\rquote ve got so much to tell you, and you\rquote ve got to tell us \emdash  the dementors! When we heard \emdash  and that Ministry hearing \emdash  it\rquote s just outrageous, I\rquote ve looked it all up, they can\rquote t expel you, they just can\rquote t, there\rquote s provision in the Decree for the Restriction of Underage Sorcery for the use of magic in life-threatening situations \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let him breathe, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron, grinning, closing the door behind Harry. He seemed to have grown several more inches during their month apart, making him taller and more gangly looking than ever, though the long nose, bright red hair, and freckles were the same.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione, still beaming, let go of Harry, but before she could say another word there was a soft whooshing sound and something white soared from the top of a dark wardrobe and landed gently on Harry\rquote s shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hedwig!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The snowy owl clicked her beak and nibbled his ear affectionately as Harry stroked her feathers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s been in a right state,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Pecked us half to death when she brought your last letters, look at this \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He showed Harry the index finger of his right hand, which sported a half-healed but clearly deep cut.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote Sorry about that, but I wanted answers, you know. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We wanted to give them to you, mate,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Hermione was going spare, she kept saying you\rquote d do something stupid if you were stuck all on your own without news, but Dumbledore made us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  swear not to tell me,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Yeah, Hermione\rquote s already said.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The warm glow that had flared inside him at the sight of his two best friends was extinguished as something icy flooded the pit of his stomach. All of a sudden \emdash  after yearning to see them for a solid month \emdash  he felt he would rather Ron and Hermione left him alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a strained silence in which Harry stroked Hedwig auto\-matically, not looking at either of the others.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He seemed to think it was best,\rdblquote  said Hermione rather breath\-lessly. \ldblquote Dumbledore, I mean.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry. He noticed that her hands too bore the marks of Hedwig\rquote s beak and found that he was not at all sorry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think he thought you were safest with the Muggles \emdash\rdblquote  Ron began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah?\rdblquote  said Harry, raising his eyebrows. \ldblquote Have either of you been attacked by dementors this summer?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, no \emdash  but that\rquote s why he\rquote s had people from the Order of the Phoenix tailing you all the time \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a great jolt in his guts as though he had just missed a step going downstairs. So everyone had known he was being followed ex\-cept him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t work that well, though, did it?\rdblquote  said Harry, doing his utmost to keep his voice even. \ldblquote Had to look after myself after all, didn\rquote t I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was so angry,\rdblquote  said Hermione in an almost awestruck voice. \ldblquote Dumbledore. We saw him. When he found out Mundungus had left before his shift had ended. He was scary.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m glad he left,\rdblquote  Harry said coldly. \ldblquote If he hadn\rquote t, I wouldn\rquote t have done magic and Dumbledore would probably have left me at Privet Drive all summer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aren\rquote t you \'85 aren\rquote t you worried about the Ministry of Magic hearing?\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Harry lied defiantly. He walked away from them, looking around, with Hedwig nestled contentedly on his shoulder, but this room was not likely to raise his spirits. It was dank and dark. A blank stretch of canvas in an ornate picture frame was all that relieved the bareness of the peeling walls and as Harry passed it he thought he heard someone lurking out of sight snigger.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So why\rquote s Dumbledore been so keen to keep me in the dark?\rdblquote  Harry asked, still trying hard to keep his voice casual. \ldblquote Did you \emdash  er \emdash  bother to ask him at all?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He glanced up just in time to see them exchanging a look that told him he was behaving just as they had feared he would. It did nothing to improve his temper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We told Dumbledore we wanted to tell you what was going on,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote We did, mate. But he\rquote s really busy now, we\rquote ve only seen him twice since we came here and he didn\rquote t have much time, he just\lang3081  \lang1033 made us swear not to tell you important stuff when we wrote, he said the owls might be intercepted \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He could still\rquote ve kept me informed if he\rquote d wanted to,\rdblquote  Harry said shortly. \ldblquote You\rquote re not telling me he doesn\rquote t know ways to send messages without owls.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione glanced at Ron and then said, \ldblquote I thought that too. But he didn\rquote t want you to know \i anything.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe he thinks I can\rquote t be trusted,\rdblquote  said Harry, watching their ex\-pressions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be thick,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking highly disconcerted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or that I can\rquote t take care of myself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course he doesn\rquote t think that!\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So how come I have to stay at the Dursleys\rquote  while you two get to join in everything that\rquote s going on here?\rdblquote  said Harry, the words tum\-bling over one another in a rush, his voice growing louder with every word. \ldblquote How come you two are allowed to know everything that\rquote s go\-ing on \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not!\rdblquote  Ron interrupted. \ldblquote Mum won\rquote t let us near the meet\-ings, she says we\rquote re too young \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But before he knew it, Harry was shouting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SO YOU HAVEN\rquote T BEEN IN THE MEETINGS, BIG DEAL! YOU\rquote VE STILL BEEN HERE, HAVEN\rquote T YOU? YOU\rquote VE STILL BEEN TOGETHER! ME, I\rquote VE BEEN STUCK AT THE DURS\-LEYS\rquote  FOR A MONTH! AND I\rquote VE HANDLED MORE THAN YOU TWO\rquote VE EVER MANAGED AND DUMBLEDORE KNOWS IT \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 WHO SAVED THE SORCERER\rquote S STONE? WHO GOT RID OF RIDDLE? WHO SAVED BOTH YOUR SKINS FROM THE DEMENTORS?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Every bitter and resentful thought that Harry had had in the past month was pouring out of him; his frustration at the lack of news, the hurt that they had all been together without him, his fury at being\lang3081  \lang1033 followed and not told about it: All the feelings he was half-ashamed of finally burst their boundaries. Hedwig took fright at the noise and soared off on top of the wardrobe again; Pigwidgeon twittered in alarm and zoomed even faster around their heads.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WHO HAD TO GET PAST DRAGONS AND SPHINXES AND EVERY OTHER FOUL THING LAST YEAR? WHO SAW HIM COME BACK? WHO HAD TO ESCAPE FROM HIM? ME!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was standing there with his mouth half-open, clearly stunned and at a loss for anything to say, while Hermione looked on the verge of tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote BUT WHY SHOULD I KNOW WHAT\rquote S GOING ON? WHY SHOULD ANYONE BOTHER TO TELL ME WHAT\rquote S BEEN HAPPENING?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, we wanted to tell you, we really did \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote CAN\rquote T\rquote VE WANTED TO THAT MUCH, CAN YOU, OR YOU\rquote D HAVE SENT ME AN OWL, BUT \i DUMBLEDORE MADE YOU SWEAR\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, he did\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote FOUR WEEKS I\rquote VE BEEN STUCK IN PRIVET DRIVE, NICKING PAPERS OUT OF BINS TO TRY AND FIND OUT WHAT\rquote S BEEN GOING ON \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We wanted to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I SUPPOSE YOU\rquote VE BEEN HAVING A REAL LAUGH, HAVEN\rquote T YOU, ALL HOLED UP HERE TOGETHER \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, honest \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, we\rquote re really sorry!\rdblquote  said Hermione desperately, her eyes now sparkling with tears. \ldblquote You\rquote re absolutely right, Harry \emdash  I\rquote d be furious if it was me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glared at her, still breathing deeply, then turned away from them again, pacing up and down. Hedwig hooted glumly from the top of the wardrobe. There was a long pause, broken only by the mournful creak of the floorboards below Harry\rquote s feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \i is\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 this place anyway?\rdblquote  he shot at Ron and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix,\rdblquote  said Ron at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is anyone going to bother telling me what the Order of the Phoenix \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s a secret society,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly. \ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s in charge, he founded it. It\rquote s the people who fought against You-Know-Who last time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s in it?\rdblquote  said Harry, coming to a halt with his hands in his pockets.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quite a few people \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  we\rquote ve met about twenty of them,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote but we think there are more. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glared at them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Well\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he demanded, looking from one to the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Well what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Voldemort\i0 !\rdblquote  said Harry furiously, and both Ron and Hermione winced. \ldblquote What\rquote s happening? What\rquote s he up to? Where is he? What are we doing to stop him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve \i told\i0  you, the Order don\rquote t let us in on their meetings,\rdblquote  said Hermione nervously. \ldblquote So we don\rquote t know the details \emdash  but we\rquote ve got a general idea \emdash\rdblquote  she added hastily, seeing the look on Harry\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fred and George have invented Extendable Ears, see,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote They\rquote re really useful.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Extendable \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ears, yeah. Only we\rquote ve had to stop using them lately because Mum found out and went berserk. Fred and George had to hide them all to stop Mum binning them. But we got a good bit of use out of them before Mum realized what was going on. We know some of the Order are following known Death Eaters, keeping tabs on them, you know \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  some of them are working on recruiting more people to the Order \emdash\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and some of them are standing guard over something,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote They\rquote re always talking about guard duty.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Couldn\rquote t have been me, could it?\rdblquote  said Harry sarcastically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, with a look of dawning comprehension.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry snorted. He walked around the room again, looking any\-where but at Ron and Hermione. \ldblquote So what have you two been doing, if you\rquote re not allowed in meetings?\rdblquote  he demanded. \ldblquote You said you\rquote d been busy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We have,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly. \ldblquote We\rquote ve been decontaminating this house, it\rquote s been empty for ages and stuff\rquote s been breeding in here. We\rquote ve managed to clean out the kitchen, most of the bedrooms, and I think we\rquote re doing the drawing room tomo \emdash  AARGH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With two loud cracks, Fred and George, Ron\rquote s elder twin brothers, had materialized out of thin air in the middle of the room. Pigwidg\-eon twittered more wildly than ever and zoomed off to join Hedwig on top of the wardrobe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop \i doing\i0  that!\rdblquote  Hermione said weakly to the twins, who were as vividly red-haired as Ron, though stockier and slightly shorter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello, Harry,\rdblquote  said George, beaming at him. \ldblquote We thought we heard your dulcet tones.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t want to bottle up your anger like that, Harry, let it all out,\rdblquote  said Fred, also beaming. \ldblquote There might be a couple of people fifty miles away who didn\rquote t hear you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You two passed your Apparation tests, then?\rdblquote  asked Harry grumpily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote With distinction,\rdblquote  said Fred, who was holding what looked like a piece of very long, flesh-colored string.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It would have taken you about thirty seconds longer to walk down the stairs,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Time is Galleons, little brother,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote Anyway, Harry, you\rquote re interfering with reception. Extendable Ears,\rdblquote  he added in response to\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry\rquote s raised eyebrows, holding up the string, which Harry now saw was trailing out onto the landing. \ldblquote We\rquote re trying to hear what\rquote s going on downstairs.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You want to be careful,\rdblquote  said Ron, staring at the ear. \ldblquote If Mum sees one of them again \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s worth the risk, that\rquote s a major meeting they\rquote re having,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door opened and a long mane of red hair appeared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh hello, Harry!\rdblquote  said Ron\rquote s younger sister, Ginny, brightly. \ldblquote I thought I heard your voice.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Turning to Fred and George she said, \ldblquote It\rquote s no go with the Extend\-able Ears, she\rquote s gone and put an Imperturbable Charm on the kitchen door.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you know?\rdblquote  said George, looking crestfallen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tonks told me how to find out,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote You just chuck stuff at the door and if it can\rquote t make contact the door\rquote s been Imperturbed. I\rquote ve been flicking Dungbombs at it from the top of the stairs and they just soar away from it, so there\rquote s no way the Extendable Ears will be able to get under the gap.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred heaved a deep sigh. \ldblquote Shame. I really fancied finding out what old Snape\rquote s been up to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote Is he here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said George, carefully closing the door and sitting down on one of the beds; Fred and Ginny followed. \ldblquote Giving a report. Top secret.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Git,\rdblquote  said Fred idly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s on our side now,\rdblquote  said Hermione reprovingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron snorted. \ldblquote Doesn\rquote t stop him being a git. The way he looks at us when he sees us. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bill doesn\rquote t like him either,\rdblquote  said Ginny, as though that settled the matter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was not sure his anger had abated yet; but his thirst for information was now overcoming his urge to keep shouting. He sank onto the bed opposite the others.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is Bill here?\rdblquote  he asked. \ldblquote I thought he was working in Egypt.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He applied for a desk job so he could come home and work for the Order,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote He says he misses the tombs, but,\rdblquote  he smirked, \ldblquote there are compensations. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remember old Fleur Delacour?\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote She\rquote s got a job at Gringotts to \i eemprove \rquote er Eeenglish\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and Bill\rquote s been giving her a lot of private lessons,\rdblquote  sniggered Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Charlie\rquote s in the Order too,\rdblquote  said George, \ldblquote but he\rquote s still in Romania, Dumbledore wants as many foreign wizards brought in as possible, so Charlie\rquote s trying to make contacts on his days off.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Couldn\rquote t Percy do that?\rdblquote  Harry asked. The last he had heard, the third Weasley brother was working in the Department of Interna\-tional Magical Cooperation at the Ministry of Magic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At these words all the Weasleys and Hermione exchanged darkly significant looks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whatever you do, don\rquote t mention Percy in front of Mum and Dad,\rdblquote  Ron told Harry in a tense voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because every time Percy\rquote s name\rquote s mentioned, Dad breaks what\-ever he\rquote s holding and Mum starts crying,\rdblquote  Fred said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s been awful,\rdblquote  said Ginny sadly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we\rquote re well shut of him,\rdblquote  said George with an uncharacter\-istically ugly look on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s happened?\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Percy and Dad had a row,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote I\rquote ve never seen Dad row with anyone like that. It\rquote s normally Mum who shouts. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was the first week back after term ended,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote We were\lang3081  \lang1033 about to come and join the Order. Percy came home and told us he\rquote d been promoted.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re kidding?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Though he knew perfectly well that Percy was highly ambitious, Harry\rquote s impression was that Percy had not made a great success of his first job at the Ministry of Magic. Percy had committed the fairly large oversight of failing to notice that his boss was being controlled by Lord Voldemort (not that the Ministry had believed that \emdash  they all thought that Mr. Crouch had gone mad).\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, we were all surprised,\rdblquote  said George, \ldblquote because Percy got into a load of trouble about Crouch, there was an inquiry and everything. They said Percy ought to have realized Crouch was off his rocker and informed a superior. But you know Percy, Crouch left him in charge, he wasn\rquote t going to complain. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So how come they promoted him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s exactly what we wondered,\rdblquote  said Ron, who seemed very keen to keep normal conversation going now that Harry had stopped yelling. \ldblquote He came home really pleased with himself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  even more pleased than usual if you can imagine that \emdash  and told Dad he\rquote d been offered a position in Fudge\rquote s own office. A really good one for some\-one only a year out of Hogwarts \emdash  Junior Assistant to the Minister. He expected Dad to be all impressed, I think.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only Dad wasn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Fred grimly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, apparently Fudge has been storming round the Ministry checking that nobody\rquote s having any contact with Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s name\rquote s mud with the Ministry these days, see,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote They all think he\rquote s just making trouble saying You-Know-Who\rquote s back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dad says Fudge has made it clear that anyone who\rquote s in league with Dumbledore can clear out their desks,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Trouble is, Fudge suspects Dad, he knows he\rquote s friendly with Dum\-bledore, and he\rquote s always thought Dad\rquote s a bit of a weirdo because of his Muggle obsession \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what\rquote s this got to do with Percy?\rdblquote  asked Harry, confused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m coming to that. Dad reckons Fudge only wants Percy in his office because he wants to use him to spy on the family \emdash  and Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry let out a low whistle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bet Percy loved that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron laughed in a hollow sort of way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He went completely berserk. He said \emdash  well, he said loads of ter\-rible stuff. He said he\rquote s been having to struggle against Dad\rquote s lousy reputation ever since he joined the Ministry and that Dad\rquote s got no ambition and that\rquote s why we\rquote ve always been \emdash  you know \emdash  not had a lot of money, I mean \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry in disbelief, as Ginny made a noise like an an\-gry cat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Ron in a low voice. \ldblquote And it got worse. He said Dad was an idiot to run around with Dumbledore, that Dumbledore was heading for big trouble and Dad was going to go down with him, and that he \emdash  Percy \emdash  knew where his loyalty lay and it was with the Ministry. And if Mum and Dad were going to become traitors to the Ministry he was going to make sure everyone knew he didn\rquote t belong to our family anymore. And he packed his bags the same night and left. He\rquote s living here in London now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry swore under his breath. He had always liked Percy least of Ron\rquote s brothers, but he had never imagined he would say such things to Mr. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum\rquote s been in a right state,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You know \emdash  crying and stuff. She came up to London to try and talk to Percy but he slammed the door in her face. I dunno what he does if he meets Dad at work \emdash  ignores him, I s\rquote pose.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Percy \i must\i0  know Voldemort\rquote s back,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly. \ldblquote He\rquote s not stupid, he must know your mum and dad wouldn\rquote t risk every\-thing without proof\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, your name got dragged into the row,\rdblquote  said Ron, shoot\-ing Harry a furtive look. \ldblquote Percy said the only evidence was your word and \'85 I dunno \'85 he didn\rquote t think it was good enough.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Percy takes the \i Daily Prophet\i0  seriously,\rdblquote  said Hermione tartly, and the others all nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you talking about?\rdblquote  Harry asked, looking around at them all. They were all regarding him warily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Haven\rquote t \emdash  haven\rquote t you been getting the \i Daily Prophet\i0 ?\rdblquote  Hermi\-one asked nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I have!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you \emdash  er \emdash  been reading it thoroughly?\rdblquote  Hermione asked still more anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not cover to cover,\rdblquote  said Harry defensively. \ldblquote If they were going to report anything about Voldemort it would be headline news, wouldn\rquote t it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The others flinched at the sound of the name. Hermione hurried on, \ldblquote Well, you\rquote d need to read it cover to cover to pick it up, but they \emdash  um \emdash  they mention you a couple of times a week.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I\rquote d have seen \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not if you\rquote ve only been reading the front page, you wouldn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Hermione, shaking her head. \ldblquote I\rquote m not talking about big articles. They just slip you in, like you\rquote re a standing joke.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s quite nasty, actually,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a voice of forced calm. \ldblquote They\rquote re just building on Rita\rquote s stuff.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But she\rquote s not writing for them anymore, is she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no, she\rquote s kept her promise \emdash  not that she\rquote s got any choice,\rdblquote  Hermione added with satisfaction. \ldblquote But she laid the foundation for what they\rquote re trying to do now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which is \i what\i0 ?\rdblquote\i  \i0 said Harry impatiently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, you know she wrote that you were collapsing all over the place and saying your scar was hurting and all that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, who was not likely to forget Rita Skeeter\rquote s sto\-ries about him in a hurry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, they\rquote re writing about you as though you\rquote re this deluded, attention-seeking person who thinks he\rquote s a great tragic hero or some\-thing,\rdblquote  said Hermione, very fast, as though it would be less unpleasant for Harry to hear these facts quickly. \ldblquote They keep slipping in snide comments about you. If some far-fetched story appears they say some\-thing like \lquote a tale worthy of Harry Potter\rquote  and if anyone has a funny accident or anything it\rquote s \lquote let\rquote s hope he hasn\rquote t got a scar on his forehead or we\rquote ll be asked to worship him next \emdash\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want anyone to worship \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began hotly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know you don\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly, looking frightened. \ldblquote I \i know,\i0  Harry. But you see what they\rquote re doing? They want to turn you into someone nobody will believe. Fudge is behind it, I\rquote ll bet anything. They want wizards on the street to think you\rquote re just some stupid boy who\rquote s a bit of a joke, who tells ridiculous tall stories because he loves being famous and wants to keep it going.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t ask \emdash  I didn\rquote t want \emdash  \i Voldemort killed my parents\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry spluttered. \ldblquote I got famous because he murdered my family but couldn\rquote t kill me! Who wants to be famous for that? Don\rquote t they think I\rquote d rather it\rquote d never \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We \i know,\i0  Harry,\rdblquote  said Ginny earnestly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And of course, they didn\rquote t report a word about the dementors at\-tacking you,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Someone\rquote s told them to keep that quiet. That should\rquote ve been a really big story, out-of-control demen\-tors. They haven\rquote t even reported that you broke the International Statute of Secrecy \emdash  we thought they would, it would tie in so well with this image of you as some stupid show-off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 we think they\rquote re\lang3081  \lang1033 biding their time until you\rquote re expelled, then they\rquote re really going to go to town \emdash  I mean, \i if\i0  you\rquote re expelled, obviously,\rdblquote  she went on hastily, \ldblquote you really shouldn\rquote t be, not if they abide by their own laws, there\rquote s no case against you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were back on the hearing and Harry did not want to think about it. He cast around for another change of subject, but was saved the necessity of finding one by the sound of footsteps coming up the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Uh-oh.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred gave the Extendable Ear a hearty tug; there was another loud crack and he and George vanished. Seconds later, Mrs. Weasley ap\-peared in the bedroom doorway.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The meeting\rquote s over, you can come down and have dinner now, everyone\rquote s dying to see you, Harry. And who\rquote s left all those Dung\-bombs outside the kitchen door?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Crookshanks,\rdblquote  said Ginny unblushingly. \ldblquote He loves playing with them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, \ldblquote I thought it might have been Kreacher, he keeps doing odd things like that. Now don\rquote t forget to keep your voices down in the hall. Ginny, your hands are filthy, what have you been doing? Go and wash them before dinner, please. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny grimaced at the others and followed her mother out of the room, leaving Harry alone with Ron and Hermione again. Both of them were watching him apprehensively, as though they feared that he would start shouting again now that everyone else had gone. The sight of them looking so nervous made him feel slightly ashamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look \'85\rdblquote  he muttered, but Ron shook his head, and Hermione said quietly, \ldblquote We knew you\rquote d be angry, Harry, we really don\rquote t blame you, but you\rquote ve got to understand, we \i did\i0  try and persuade Dumble\-dore \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I know,\rdblquote  said Harry grudgingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He cast around for a topic to change the subject from Dumble\-dore \emdash  the very thought of him made Harry\rquote s insides burn with anger again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s Kreacher?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The house-elf who lives here,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Nutter. Never met one like him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione frowned at Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s not a \i nutter,\i0  Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His life\rquote s ambition is to have his head cut off and stuck up on a plaque just like his mother,\rdblquote  said Ron irritably. \ldblquote Is that normal, Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  well, if he is a bit strange, it\rquote s not his fault \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron rolled his eyes at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione still hasn\rquote t given up on \i spew\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not \lquote spew\rquote !\rdblquote  said Hermione heatedly. \ldblquote It\rquote s the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare, and it\rquote s not just me, Dumbledore says we should be kind to Kreacher too \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote C\rquote mon, I\rquote m starving.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He led the way out of the door and onto the landing, but before they could descend the stairs \emdash  \ldblquote Hold it!\rdblquote  Ron breathed, flinging out an arm to stop Harry and Hermione walking any farther. \ldblquote They\rquote re still in the hall, we might be able to hear something \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The three of them looked cautiously over the banisters. The gloomy hallway below was packed with witches and wizards, including all of Harry\rquote s guard. They were whispering excitedly together. In the very center of the group Harry saw the dark, greasy-haired head and promi\-nent nose of his least favorite teacher at Hogwarts, Professor Snape. Harry leaned farther over the banisters. He was very interested in what Snape was doing for the Order of the Phoenix. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A thin piece of flesh-colored string descended in front of Harry\rquote s eyes. Looking up he saw Fred and George on the landing above, cau\-tiously lowering the Extendable Ear toward the dark knot of people\lang3081  \lang1033 below. A moment later, however, they began to move toward the front door and out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dammit,\rdblquote  Harry heard Fred whisper, as he hoisted the Extendable Ear back up again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They heard the front door open and then close.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape never eats here,\rdblquote  Ron told Harry quietly. \ldblquote Thank God.\lang3081  \lang1033 C\rquote mon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And don\rquote t forget to keep your voice down in the hall, Harry,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As they passed the row of house-elf heads on the wall they saw Lupin, Mrs. Weasley, and Tonks at the front door, magically sealing its many locks and bolts behind those who had just left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re eating down in the kitchen,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley whispered, meeting them at the bottom of the stairs. \ldblquote Harry, dear, if you\rquote ll just tiptoe across the hall, it\rquote s through this door here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i CRASH.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Tonks\i0 !\rdblquote  cried Mrs. Weasley exasperatedly, turning to look behind her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry!\rdblquote  wailed Tonks, who was lying flat on the floor. \ldblquote It\rquote s that stupid umbrella stand, that\rquote s the second time I\rquote ve tripped over \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the rest of her words were drowned by a horrible, earsplitting, bloodcurdling screech.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The moth-eaten velvet curtains Harry had passed earlier had flown apart, but there was no door behind them. For a split second, Harry thought he was looking through a window, a window behind which an old woman in a black cap was screaming and screaming as though she was being tortured \emdash  then he realized it was simply a life-size por\-trait, but the most realistic, and the most unpleasant, he had ever seen in his life.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The old woman was drooling, her eyes were rolling, the yellowing skin of her face stretched taut as she screamed, and all along the hall behind them, the other portraits awoke and began to yell too, so that\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry actually screwed up his eyes at the noise and clapped his hands over his ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin and Mrs. Weasley darted forward and tried to tug the cur\-tains shut over the old woman, but they would not close and she screeched louder than ever, brandishing clawed hands as though try\-ing to tear at their faces.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Filth! Scum! By-products of dirt and vileness! Half-breeds, mutants, freaks, begone from this place! How dare you befoul the house of my fathers\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tonks apologized over and over again, at the same time dragging the huge, heavy troll\rquote s leg back off the floor. Mrs. Weasley abandoned the attempt to close the curtains and hurried up and down the hall, Stunning all the other portraits with her wand. Then a man with long black hair came charging out of a door facing Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut up, you horrible old hag, shut UP!\rdblquote  he roared, seizing the curtain Mrs. Weasley had abandoned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The old woman\rquote s face blanched.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Yoooou\i0 !\rdblquote  she howled, her eyes popping at the sight of the man. \ldblquote\i Blood traitor, abomination, shame of my flesh\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I said \emdash  shut \emdash  UP!\rdblquote  roared the man, and with a stupendous ef\-fort he and Lupin managed to force the curtains closed again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The old woman\rquote s screeches died and an echoing silence fell.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Panting slightly and sweeping his long dark hair out of his eyes, Harry\rquote s godfather, Sirius, turned to face him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello, Harry,\rdblquote  he said grimly, \ldblquote I see you\rquote ve met my mother.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 5\par
\pard\qc The Order of the Phoenix\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote Your\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\lang3081  ?\rdblquote\lang1033\par
\ldblquote My dear old mum, yeah,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote We\rquote ve been trying to get her down for a month but we think she put a Permanent Stick\-ing Charm on the back of the canvas. Let\rquote s get downstairs, quick, before they all wake up again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what\rquote s a portrait of your mother doing here?\rdblquote  Harry asked, bewildered, as they went through the door from the hall and led the way down a flight of narrow stone steps, the others just behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hasn\rquote t anyone told you? This was my parents\rquote  house,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote But I\rquote m the last Black left, so it\rquote s mine now. I offered it to Dumbledore for headquarters \emdash  about the only useful thing I\rquote ve been able to do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who had expected a better welcome, noted how hard and bitter Sirius\rquote s voice sounded. He followed his godfather to the bottom of the stairs and through a door leading into the basement kitchen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was scarcely less gloomy than the hall above, a cavernous room with rough stone walls. Most of the light was coming from a large fire at the far end of the room. A haze of pipe smoke hung in the air like battle fumes, through which loomed the menacing shapes of heavy\lang3081  \lang1033 iron pots and pans hanging from the dark ceiling. Many chairs had been crammed into the room for the meeting and a long wooden table stood in the middle of the room, littered with rolls of parchment, gob\-lets, empty wine bottles, and a heap of what appeared to be rags. Mr. Weasley and his eldest son, Bill, were talking quietly with their heads together at the end of the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley cleared her throat. Her husband, a thin, balding, red-haired man, who wore horn-rimmed glasses, looked around and jumped to his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley said, hurrying forward to greet him and shaking his hand vigorously. \ldblquote Good to see you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Over his shoulder Harry saw Bill, who still wore his long hair in a ponytail, hastily rolling up the lengths of parchment left on the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Journey all right, Harry?\rdblquote  Bill called, trying to gather up twelve scrolls at once. \ldblquote Mad-Eye didn\rquote t make you come via Greenland, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He tried,\rdblquote  said Tonks, striding over to help Bill and immediately sending a candle toppling onto the last piece of parchment. \ldblquote Oh no \emdash  \i sorry\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here, dear,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, sounding exasperated, and she re\-paired the parchment with a wave of her wand: In the flash of light caused by Mrs. Weasley\rquote s charm, Harry caught a glimpse of what looked like the plan of a building.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley had seen him looking. She snatched the plan off the table and stuffed it into Bill\rquote s heavily laden arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This sort of thing ought to be cleared away promptly at the end of meetings,\rdblquote  she snapped before sweeping off toward an ancient dresser from which she started unloading dinner plates.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bill took out his wand, muttered \ldblquote\i Evanesco\i0 !\rdblquote\i  \i0 and the scrolls vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sit down, Harry,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote You\rquote ve met Mundungus, haven\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The thing Harry had taken to be a pile of rags gave a prolonged, grunting snore and then jerked awake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Some\rquote n say m\rquote  name?\rdblquote  Mundungus mumbled sleepily. \ldblquote I \rquote gree with Sirius. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He raised a very grubby hand in the air as though voting, his droopy, bloodshot eyes unfocused. Ginny giggled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The meeting\rquote s over, Dung,\rdblquote  said Sirius, as they all sat down around him at the table. \ldblquote Harry\rquote s arrived.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Eh?\rdblquote  said Mundungus, peering balefully at Harry through his matted ginger hair. \ldblquote Blimey, so \rquote e \rquote as. Yeah \'85 you all right, \rquote arry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mundungus fumbled nervously in his pockets, still staring at Harry, and pulled out a grimy black pipe. He stuck it in his mouth, ignited the end of it with his wand, and took a deep pull on it. Great billowing clouds of greenish smoke obscured him in seconds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Owe you a \rquote pology,\rdblquote  grunted a voice from the middle of the smelly cloud.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For the last time, Mundungus,\rdblquote  called Mrs. Weasley, \ldblquote will you please \i not\i0  smoke that thing in the kitchen, especially not when we\rquote re about to eat!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Mundungus. \ldblquote Right. Sorry, Molly.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The cloud of smoke vanished as Mundungus stowed his pipe back in his pocket, but an acrid smell of burning socks lingered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And if you want dinner before midnight I\rquote ll need a hand,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley said to the room at large. \ldblquote No, you can stay where you are, Harry dear, you\rquote ve had a long journey \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What can I do, Molly?\rdblquote  said Tonks enthusiastically, bounding for\-ward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley hesitated, looking apprehensive.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  no, it\rquote s all right, Tonks, you have a rest too, you\rquote ve done enough today \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, I want to help!\rdblquote  said Tonks brightly, knocking over a chair\lang3081  \lang1033 as she hurried toward the dresser from which Ginny was collecting cutlery.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Soon a series of heavy knives were chopping meat and vegetables of their own accord, supervised by Mr. Weasley, while Mrs. Weasley stirred a cauldron dangling over the fire and the others took out plates, more goblets, and food from the pantry. Harry was left at the table with Sirius and Mundungus, who was still blinking mournfully at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seen old Figgy since?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote I haven\rquote t seen anyone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See, I wouldn\rquote t \rquote ave left,\rdblquote  said Mundungus, leaning forward, a pleading note in his voice, \ldblquote but I \rquote ad a business opportunity \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt something brush against his knees and started, but it was only Crookshanks, Hermione\rquote s bandy-legged ginger cat, who wound himself once around Harry\rquote s legs, purring, then jumped onto Sirius\rquote s lap and curled up. Sirius scratched him absentmindedly behind the ears as he turned, still grim-faced, to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Had a good summer so far?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it\rquote s been lousy,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For the first time, something like a grin flitted across Sirius\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t know what you\rquote re complaining about, myself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry incredulously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Personally, I\rquote d have welcomed a dementor attack. A deadly strug\-gle for my soul would have broken the monotony nicely. You think you\rquote ve had it bad, at least you\rquote ve been able to get out and about, stretch your legs, get into a few fights. \'85 I\rquote ve been stuck inside for a month.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come?\rdblquote  asked Harry, frowning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because the Ministry of Magic\rquote s still after me, and Voldemort will know all about me being an Animagus by now, Wormtail will have told him, so my big disguise is useless. There\rquote s not much I can do for the Order of the Phoenix \'85 or so Dumbledore feels.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was something about the slightly flattened tone of voice in which Sirius uttered Dumbledore\rquote s name that told Harry that Sirius was not very happy with the headmaster either. Harry felt a sudden upsurge of affection for his godfather.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At least you\rquote ve known what\rquote s been going on,\rdblquote  he said bracingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  said Sirius sarcastically. \ldblquote Listening to Snape\rquote s reports, having to take all his snide hints that he\rquote s out there risking his life while I\rquote m sat on my backside here having a nice comfortable time \'85 asking me how the cleaning\rquote s going \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What cleaning?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Trying to make this place fit for human habitation,\rdblquote  said Sirius, waving a hand around the dismal kitchen. \ldblquote No one\rquote s lived here for ten years, not since my dear mother died, unless you count her old house-elf, and he\rquote s gone round the twist, hasn\rquote t cleaned anything in ages \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius?\rdblquote  said Mundungus, who did not appear to have paid any attention to this conversation, but had been minutely examining an empty goblet. \ldblquote This solid silver, mate?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Sirius, surveying it with distaste. \ldblquote Finest fifteenth-century goblin-wrought silver, embossed with the Black family crest.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote d come off, though,\rdblquote  muttered Mundungus, polishing it with his cuff.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fred \emdash  George \emdash  NO, JUST CARRY THEM!\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley shrieked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Sirius, and Mundungus looked around and, a split second later, dived away from the table. Fred and George had bewitched a large cauldron of stew, an iron flagon of butterbeer, and a heavy wooden breadboard, complete with knife, to hurtle through the air toward them. The stew skidded the length of the table and came to a halt just before the end, leaving a long black burn on the wooden sur\-face, the flagon of butterbeer fell with a crash, spilling its contents everywhere, and the bread knife slipped off the board and landed,\lang3081  \lang1033 point down and quivering ominously, exactly where Sirius\rquote s right hand had been seconds before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote FOR HEAVEN\rquote S SAKE!\rdblquote  screamed Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote THERE WAS NO NEED \emdash  I\rquote VE HAD ENOUGH OF THIS \emdash  JUST BE\-CAUSE YOU\rquote RE ALLOWED TO USE MAGIC NOW YOU DON\rquote T HAVE TO WHIP YOUR WANDS OUT FOR EVERY TINY LITTLE THING!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We were just trying to save a bit of time!\rdblquote  said Fred, hurrying for\-ward and wrenching the bread knife out of the table. \ldblquote Sorry Sirius, mate \emdash  didn\rquote t mean to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Sirius were both laughing. Mundungus, who had top\-pled backward off his chair, was swearing as he got to his feet. Crook\-shanks had given an angry hiss and shot off under the dresser, from whence his large yellow eyes glowed in the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Boys,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley said, lifting the stew back into the middle of the table, \ldblquote your mother\rquote s right, you\rquote re supposed to show a sense of re\-sponsibility now you\rquote ve come of age \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  none of your brothers caused this sort of trouble!\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley raged at the twins, slamming a fresh flagon of butterbeer onto the table and spilling almost as much again. \ldblquote Bill didn\rquote t feel the need to Apparate every few feet! Charlie didn\rquote t Charm everything he met! Percy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stopped dead, catching her breath with a frightened look at her husband, whose expression was suddenly wooden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s eat,\rdblquote  said Bill quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It looks wonderful, Molly,\rdblquote  said Lupin, ladling stew onto a plate for her and handing it across the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a few minutes there was silence but for the chink of plates and cutlery and the scraping of chairs as everyone settled down to their food. Then Mrs. Weasley turned to Sirius and said, \ldblquote I\rquote ve been mean\-ing to tell you, there\rquote s something trapped in that writing desk in the drawing room, it keeps rattling and shaking. Of course, it could just\lang3081  \lang1033 be a boggart, but I thought we ought to ask Alastor to have a look at it before we let it out.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whatever you like,\rdblquote  said Sirius indifferently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The curtains in there are full of doxies too,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley went on. \ldblquote I thought we might try and tackle them tomorrow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I look forward to it,\rdblquote  said Sirius. Harry heard the sarcasm in his voice, but he was not sure that anyone else did.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Opposite Harry, Tonks was entertaining Hermione and Ginny by transforming her nose between mouthfuls. Screwing up her eyes each time with the same pained expression she had worn back in Harry\rquote s bedroom, her nose swelled to a beaklike protuberance like Snape\rquote s, shrank to something resembling a button mushroom, and then sprouted a great deal of hair from each nostril. Apparently this was a regular mealtime entertainment, because after a while Hermione and Ginny started requesting their favorite noses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do that one like a pig snout, Tonks \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tonks obliged, and Harry, looking up, had the fleeting impression that a female Dudley was grinning at him from across the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley, Bill, and Lupin were having an intense discussion about goblins.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re not giving anything away yet,\rdblquote  said Bill. \ldblquote I still can\rquote t work out whether they believe he\rquote s back or not. \rquote Course, they might prefer not to take sides at all. Keep out of it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sure they\rquote d never go over to You-Know-Who,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, shaking his head. \ldblquote They\rquote ve suffered losses too. Remember that goblin family he murdered last time, somewhere near Nottingham?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think it depends what they\rquote re offered,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote And I\rquote m not talking about gold; if they\rquote re offered freedoms we\rquote ve been denying them for centuries they\rquote re going to be tempted. Have you still not had any luck with Ragnok, Bill?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s feeling pretty anti-wizard at the moment,\rdblquote  said Bill. \ldblquote He\lang3081  \lang1033 hasn\rquote t stopped raging about the Bagman business, he reckons the Ministry did a cover-up, those goblins never got their gold from him, you know \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A gale of laughter from the middle of the table drowned the rest of Bill\rquote s words. Fred, George, Ron, and Mundungus were rolling around in their seats.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and then,\rdblquote  choked Mundungus, tears running down his face, \ldblquote and then, if you\rquote ll believe it, \rquote e says to me, \rquote e says, \lquote\rquote ere, Dung, where didja get all them toads from? \rquote Cos some son of a Bludger\rquote s gone and nicked all mine!\rquote  And I says, \lquote Nicked all your toads, Will, what next? So you\rquote ll be wanting some more, then?\rquote  And if you\rquote ll believe me, lads, the gormless gargoyle buys all \rquote is own toads back orf me for twice what \rquote e paid in the first place \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think we need to hear any more of your business dealings, thank you very much, Mundungus,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley sharply, as Ron slumped forward onto the table, howling with laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Beg pardon, Molly,\rdblquote  said Mundungus at once, wiping his eyes and winking at Harry. \ldblquote But, you know, Will nicked \rquote em orf Warty Harris in the first place so I wasn\rquote t really doing nothing wrong \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know where you learned about right and wrong, Mundun\-gus, but you seem to have missed a few crucial lessons,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George buried their faces in their goblets of butterbeer; George was hiccuping. For some reason, Mrs. Weasley threw a very nasty look at Sirius before getting to her feet and going to fetch a large rhubarb crumble for pudding. Harry looked round at his godfather.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly doesn\rquote t approve of Mundungus,\rdblquote  said Sirius in an undertone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come he\rquote s in the Order?\rdblquote  Harry said very quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s useful,\rdblquote  Sirius muttered. \ldblquote Knows all the crooks \emdash  well, he would, seeing as he\rquote s one himself. But he\rquote s also very loyal to Dumbledore, who helped him out of a tight spot once. It pays to have some\-one like Dung around, he hears things we don\rquote t. But Molly thinks inviting him to stay for dinner is going too far. She hasn\rquote t forgiven him for slipping off duty when he was supposed to be tailing you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Three helpings of rhubarb crumble and custard later and the waist\-band on Harry\rquote s jeans was feeling uncomfortably tight (which was saying something, as the jeans had once been Dudley\rquote s). He lay down his spoon in a lull in the general conversation. Mr. Weasley was lean\-ing back in his chair, looking replete and relaxed, Tonks was yawning widely, her nose now back to normal, and Ginny, who had lured Crookshanks out from under the dresser, was sitting cross-legged on the floor, rolling butterbeer corks for him to chase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nearly time for bed, I think,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley on a yawn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not just yet, Molly,\rdblquote  said Sirius, pushing away his empty plate and turning to look at Harry. \ldblquote You know, I\rquote m surprised at you. I thought the first thing you\rquote d do when you got here would be to start asking questions about Voldemort.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The atmosphere in the room changed with the rapidity Harry as\-sociated with the arrival of dementors. Where seconds before it had been sleepily relaxed, it was now alert, even tense. A frisson had gone around the table at the mention of Voldemort\rquote s name. Lupin, who had been about to take a sip of wine, lowered his goblet slowly, look\-ing wary.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did!\rdblquote  said Harry indignantly. \ldblquote I asked Ron and Hermione but they said we\rquote re not allowed in the Order, so \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And they\rquote re quite right,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote You\rquote re too young.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was sitting bolt upright in her chair, her fists clenched upon its arms, every trace of drowsiness gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Since when did someone have to be in the Order of the Phoenix to ask questions?\rdblquote  asked Sirius. \ldblquote Harry\rquote s been trapped in that Muggle house for a month. He\rquote s got the right to know what\rquote s been happen \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on!\rdblquote  interrupted George loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come Harry gets his questions answered?\rdblquote  said Fred angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i We\rquote ve\i0  been trying to get stuff out of you for a month and you haven\rquote t told us a single stinking thing!\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i You\rquote re too young, you\rquote re not in the Order,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\i  \i0 said Fred, in a high-pitched voice that sounded uncannily like his mother\rquote s. \ldblquote Harry\rquote s not even of age!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not my fault you haven\rquote t been told what the Order\rquote s doing,\rdblquote  said Sirius calmly. \ldblquote That\rquote s your parents\rquote  decision. Harry, on the other hand \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not down to you to decide what\rquote s good for Harry!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley sharply. Her normally kindly face looked dangerous. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t forgotten what Dumbledore said, I suppose?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which bit?\rdblquote  Sirius asked politely, but with an air as though ready\-ing himself for a fight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The bit about not telling Harry more than he \i needs to know,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Mrs. Weasley, placing a heavy emphasis on the last three words.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George\rquote s heads turned from Sirius to Mrs. Weasley as though following a tennis rally. Ginny was kneeling amid a pile of abandoned butterbeer corks, watching the conversation with her mouth slightly open. Lupin\rquote s eyes were fixed on Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t intend to tell him more than he \i needs to know\i0 , Molly,\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Sirius. \ldblquote But as he was the one who saw Voldemort come back\rdblquote  (again, there was a collective shudder around the table at the name), \ldblquote he has more right than most to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s not a member of the Order of the Phoenix!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote He\rquote s only fifteen and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and he\rquote s dealt with as much as most in the Order,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote and more than some \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one\rquote s denying what he\rquote s done!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, her voice ris\-ing, her fists trembling on the arms of her chair. \ldblquote But he\rquote s still \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s not a child!\rdblquote  said Sirius impatiently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s not an adult either!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, the color rising in her cheeks. \ldblquote He\rquote s not \i James,\i0  Sirius!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m perfectly clear who he is, thanks, Molly,\rdblquote  said Sirius coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not sure you are!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote Sometimes, the way you talk about him, it\rquote s as though you think you\rquote ve got your best friend back!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong with that?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong, Harry, is that you are \i not\i0  your father, however much you might look like him!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, her eyes still bor\-ing into Sirius. \ldblquote You are still at school and adults responsible for you should not forget it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Meaning I\rquote m an irresponsible godfather?\rdblquote  demanded Sirius, his voice rising.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Meaning you\rquote ve been known to act rashly, Sirius, which is why Dumbledore keeps reminding you to stay at home and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll leave my instructions from Dumbledore out of this, if you please!\rdblquote  said Sirius loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, rounding on her husband. \ldblquote Arthur, back me up!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley did not speak at once. He took off his glasses and cleaned them slowly on his robes, not looking at his wife. Only when he had replaced them carefully on his nose did he say, \ldblquote Dumbledore knows the position has changed, Molly. He accepts that Harry will have to be filled in to a certain extent now that he is staying at head\-quarters \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but there\rquote s a difference between that and inviting him to ask whatever he likes!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Personally,\rdblquote  said Lupin quietly, looking away from Sirius at last, as Mrs. Weasley turned quickly to him, hopeful that finally she was about to get an ally, \ldblquote I think it better that Harry gets the facts \emdash  not all the facts, Molly, but the general picture \emdash  from us, rather than a garbled version from \'85 others.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His expression was mild, but Harry felt sure that Lupin, at least, knew that some Extendable Ears had survived Mrs. Weasley\rquote s purge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, breathing deeply and looking around the table for support that did not come, \ldblquote well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I can see I\rquote m going to be overruled. I\rquote ll just say this: Dumbledore must have had his rea\-sons for not wanting Harry to know too much, and speaking as some\-one who has got Harry\rquote s best interests at heart \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s not your son,\rdblquote  said Sirius quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s as good as,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley fiercely. \ldblquote Who else has he got?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s got me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, her lip curling. \ldblquote The thing is, it\rquote s been rather difficult for you to look after him while you\rquote ve been locked up in Azkaban, hasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius started to rise from his chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly, you\rquote re not the only person at this table who cares about Harry,\rdblquote  said Lupin sharply. \ldblquote Sirius, sit \i down.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley\rquote s lower lip was trembling. Sirius sank slowly back into his chair, his face white.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think Harry ought to be allowed a say in this,\rdblquote  Lupin continued. \ldblquote He\rquote s old enough to decide for himself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want to know what\rquote s been going on,\rdblquote  Harry said at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not look at Mrs. Weasley. He had been touched by what she had said about his being as good as a son, but he was also impatient at her mollycoddling. \'85 Sirius was right, he was \i not\i0  a child.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, her voice cracking. \ldblquote Ginny \emdash  Ron \emdash  Hermione \emdash  Fred \emdash  George \emdash  I want you out of this kitchen, now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was instant uproar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re of age!\rdblquote  Fred and George bellowed together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If Harry\rquote s allowed, why can\rquote t I?\rdblquote  shouted Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum, I \i want\i0  to!\rdblquote  wailed Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO!\rdblquote  shouted Mrs. Weasley, standing up, her eyes overbright. \ldblquote I absolutely forbid \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly, you can\rquote t stop Fred and George,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley wearily. \ldblquote They \i are\i0  of age \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re still at school \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But they\rquote re legally adults now,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley in the same tired voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley was now scarlet in the face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  oh, all right then, Fred and George can stay, but Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry\rquote ll tell me and Hermione everything you say anyway!\rdblquote  said Ron hotly. \ldblquote Won\rquote t \emdash  won\rquote t you?\rdblquote  he added uncertainly, meeting Harry\rquote s eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a split second, Harry considered telling Ron that he wouldn\rquote t tell him a single word, that he could try a taste of being kept in the dark and see how he liked it. But the nasty impulse vanished as they looked at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course I will,\rdblquote  Harry said. Ron and Hermione beamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine!\rdblquote  shouted Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote Fine! Ginny \emdash  BED!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny did not go quietly. They could hear her raging and storming at her mother all the way up the stairs, and when she reached the hall Mrs. Black\rquote s earsplitting shrieks were added to the din. Lupin hurried off to the portrait to restore calm. It was only after he had returned, closing the kitchen door behind him and taking his seat at the table again, that Sirius spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, Harry \'85 what do you want to know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took a deep breath and asked the question that had been ob\-sessing him for a month.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Voldemort? What\rquote s he doing? I\rquote ve been trying to watch the Muggle news,\rdblquote  he said, ignoring the renewed shudders and winces at the name, \ldblquote and there hasn\rquote t been anything that looks like him yet, no funny deaths or anything \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s because there haven\rquote t been any suspicious deaths yet,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote not as far as we know, anyway. \'85 And we know quite a lot.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote More than he thinks we do anyway,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come he\rquote s stopped killing people?\rdblquote  Harry asked. He knew that Voldemort had murdered more than once in the last year alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because he doesn\rquote t want to draw attention to himself at the mo\-ment,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote It would be dangerous for him. His comeback didn\rquote t come off quite the way he wanted it to, you see. He messed it up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or rather, you messed it up for him,\rdblquote  said Lupin with a satisfied smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How?\rdblquote  Harry asked perplexedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You weren\rquote t supposed to survive!\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote Nobody apart from his Death Eaters was supposed to know he\rquote d come back. But you sur\-vived to bear witness.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And the very last person he wanted alerted to his return the mo\-ment he got back was Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote And you made sure Dumbledore knew at once.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How has that helped?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you kidding?\rdblquote  said Bill incredulously. \ldblquote Dumbledore was the only one You-Know-Who was ever scared of!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks to you, Dumbledore was able to recall the Order of the Phoenix about an hour after Voldemort returned,\rdblquote  said Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what\rquote s the Order been doing?\rdblquote  said Harry, looking around at them all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Working as hard as we can to make sure Voldemort can\rquote t carry out his plans,\rdblquote  said Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you know what his plans are?\rdblquote  Harry asked quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s got a shrewd idea,\rdblquote  said Lupin, \ldblquote and Dumbledore\rquote s shrewd ideas normally turn out to be accurate.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what does Dumbledore reckon he\rquote s planning?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, firstly, he wants to build up his army again,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote In\lang3081  \lang1033 the old days he had huge numbers at his command; witches and wiz\-ards he\rquote d bullied or bewitched into following him, his faithful Death Eaters, a great variety of Dark creatures. You heard him planning to recruit the giants; well, they\rquote ll be just one group he\rquote s after. He\rquote s cer\-tainly not going to try and take on the Ministry of Magic with only a dozen Death Eaters.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you\rquote re trying to stop him getting more followers?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re doing our best,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, the main thing is to try and convince as many people as pos\-sible that You-Know-Who really has returned, to put them on their guard,\rdblquote  said Bill. \ldblquote It\rquote s proving tricky, though.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because of the Ministry\rquote s attitude,\rdblquote  said Tonks. \ldblquote You saw Cor\-nelius Fudge after You-Know-Who came back, Harry. Well, he hasn\rquote t shifted his position at all. He\rquote s absolutely refusing to believe it\rquote s happened.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why?\rdblquote  said Harry desperately. \ldblquote Why\rquote s he being so stupid? If Dumbledore \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, well, you\rquote ve put your finger on the problem,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley with a wry smile. \ldblquote\i Dumbledore.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fudge is frightened of him, you see,\rdblquote  said Tonks sadly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Frightened of Dumbledore?\rdblquote  said Harry incredulously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Frightened of what he\rquote s up to,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote You see, Fudge thinks Dumbledore\rquote s plotting to overthrow him. He thinks Dumble\-dore wants to be Minister of Magic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Dumbledore doesn\rquote t want \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course he doesn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote He\rquote s never wanted the Minister\rquote s job, even though a lot of people wanted him to take it when Millicent Bagnold retired. Fudge came to power instead, but he\rquote s never quite forgotten how much popular support Dumbledore had, even though Dumbledore never applied for the job.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Deep down, Fudge knows Dumbledore\rquote s much cleverer than he is, a much more powerful wizard, and in the early days of his Ministry he was forever asking Dumbledore for help and advice,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote But it seems that he\rquote s become fond of power now, and much more confi\-dent. He loves being Minister of Magic, and he\rquote s managed to convince himself that he\rquote s the clever one and Dumbledore\rquote s simply stirring up trouble for the sake of it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How can he think that?\rdblquote  said Harry angrily. \ldblquote How can he think Dumbledore would just make it all up \emdash  that \i I\rquote d\i0  make it all up?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because accepting that Voldemort\rquote s back would mean trouble like the Ministry hasn\rquote t had to cope with for nearly fourteen years,\rdblquote  said Sirius bitterly. \ldblquote Fudge just can\rquote t bring himself to face it. It\rquote s so much more comfortable to convince himself Dumbledore\rquote s lying to destabi\-lize him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You see the problem,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote While the Ministry insists there is nothing to fear from Voldemort, it\rquote s hard to convince people he\rquote s back, especially as they really don\rquote t want to believe it in the first place. What\rquote s more, the Ministry\rquote s leaning heavily on the \i Daily Prophet\i0  not to report any of what they\rquote re calling Dumbledore\rquote s rumor\-mongering, so most of the Wizarding community are completely un\-aware anything\rquote s happened, and that makes them easy targets for the Death Eaters if they\rquote re using the Imperius Curse.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you\rquote re telling people, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Harry, looking around at Mr. Weasley, Sirius, Bill, Mundungus, Lupin, and Tonks. \ldblquote You\rquote re letting people know he\rquote s back?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all smiled humorlessly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, as everyone thinks I\rquote m a mad mass murderer and the Min\-istry\rquote s put a ten-thousand-Galleon price on my head, I can hardly stroll up the street and start handing out leaflets, can I?\rdblquote  said Sirius restlessly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And I\rquote m not a very popular dinner guest with most of the commu\-nity,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote It\rquote s an occupational hazard of being a werewolf.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tonks and Arthur would lose their jobs at the Ministry if they started shooting their mouths off,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote and it\rquote s very important for us to have spies inside the Ministry, because you can bet Volde\-mort will have them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve managed to convince a couple of people, though,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Tonks here, for one \emdash  she\rquote s too young to have been in the Order of the Phoenix last time, and having Aurors on our side is a huge advantage \emdash  Kingsley Shacklebolt\rquote s been a real asset too. He\rquote s in charge of the hunt for Sirius, so he\rquote s been feeding the Ministry infor\-mation that Sirius is in Tibet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if none of you\rquote s putting the news out that Voldemort\rquote s back \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who said none of us was putting the news out?\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote Why d\rquote you think Dumbledore\rquote s in such trouble?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re trying to discredit him,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t you see the \i Daily Prophet\i0  last week? They reported that he\rquote d been voted out of the Chairmanship of the International Confederation of Wizards because he\rquote s getting old and losing his grip, but it\rquote s not true, he was voted out by Ministry wizards after he made a speech announcing Voldemort\rquote s return. They\rquote ve demoted him from Chief Warlock on the Wizen\-gamot \emdash  that\rquote s the Wizard High Court \emdash  and they\rquote re talking about taking away his Order of Merlin, First Class, too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Dumbledore says he doesn\rquote t care what they do as long as they don\rquote t take him off the Chocolate Frog cards,\rdblquote  said Bill, grinning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s no laughing matter,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley shortly. \ldblquote If he carries on defying the Ministry like this, he could end up in Azkaban and the last thing we want is Dumbledore locked up. While You-Know-Who knows Dumbledore\rquote s out there and wise to what he\rquote s up to, he\rquote s going to go cautiously for a while. If Dumbledore\rquote s out of the way \emdash  well, You-Know-Who will have a clear field.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if Voldemort\rquote s trying to recruit more Death Eaters, it\rquote s bound to get out that he\rquote s come back, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  asked Harry desperately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort doesn\rquote t march up to people\rquote s houses and bang on their front doors, Harry,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote He tricks, jinxes, and blackmails them. He\rquote s well-practiced at operating in secrecy. In any case, gather\-ing followers is only one thing he\rquote s interested in, he\rquote s got other plans too, plans he can put into operation very quietly indeed, and he\rquote s con\-centrating on them at the moment.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s he after apart from followers?\rdblquote  Harry asked swiftly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He thought he saw Sirius and Lupin exchange the most fleeting of looks before Sirius said, \ldblquote Stuff he can only get by stealth.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Harry continued to look puzzled, Sirius said, \ldblquote Like a weapon. Something he didn\rquote t have last time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When he was powerful before?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like what kind of weapon?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Something worse than the \i Avada Kedavra\i0  \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s enough.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley spoke from the shadows beside the door. Harry had not noticed her return from taking Ginny upstairs. Her arms were crossed and she looked furious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want you in bed, now. All of you,\rdblquote  she added, looking around at Fred, George, Ron, and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t boss us \emdash\rdblquote  Fred began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Watch me,\rdblquote  snarled Mrs. Weasley. She was trembling slightly as she looked at Sirius. \ldblquote You\rquote ve given Harry plenty of information. Any more and you might just as well induct him into the Order straightaway.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote I\rquote ll join, I want to join, I want to fight \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was not Mrs. Weasley who spoke this time, but Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Order is comprised only of overage wizards,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Wiz\-ards who have left school,\rdblquote  he added, as Fred and George opened their mouths. \ldblquote There are dangers involved of which you can have no idea, any of you \'85 I think Molly\rquote s right, Sirius. We\rquote ve said enough.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius half-shrugged but did not argue. Mrs. Weasley beckoned im\-periously to her sons and Hermione. One by one they stood up and Harry, recognizing defeat, followed suit.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 6\par
\pard\qc The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Mrs. Weasley followed them upstairs looking grim.\par
\ldblquote I want you all to go straight to bed, no talking,\rdblquote  she said as they reached the first landing. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got a busy day tomorrow. I expect Ginny\rquote s asleep,\rdblquote  she added to Hermione, \ldblquote so try not to wake her up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Asleep, yeah, right,\rdblquote  said Fred in an undertone, after Hermione bade them good night and they were climbing to the next floor. \ldblquote If Ginny\rquote s not lying awake waiting for Hermione to tell her everything they said downstairs, then I\rquote m a flobberworm. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, Ron, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley on the second landing, pointing them into their bedroom. \ldblquote Off to bed with you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Night,\rdblquote  Harry and Ron said to the twins.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sleep tight,\rdblquote  said Fred, winking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley closed the door behind Harry with a sharp snap. The bedroom looked, if anything, even danker and gloomier than it had on first sight. The blank picture on the wall was now breathing very slowly and deeply, as though its invisible occupant was asleep. Harry put on his pajamas, took off his glasses, and climbed into his chilly\lang3081  \lang1033 bed while Ron threw Owl Treats up on top of the wardrobe to pacify Hedwig and Pigwidgeon, who were clattering around and rustling their wings restlessly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can\rquote t let them out to hunt every night,\rdblquote  Ron explained as he pulled on his maroon pajamas. \ldblquote Dumbledore doesn\rquote t want too many owls swooping around the square, thinks it\rquote ll look suspicious. Oh yeah \'85 I forgot. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He crossed to the door and bolted it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote re you doing that for?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher,\rdblquote  said Ron as he turned off the light. \ldblquote First night I was here he came wandering in at three in the morning. Trust me, you don\rquote t want to wake up and find him prowling around your room. Anyway \'85\rdblquote  He got into his bed, settled down under the covers, then turned to look at Harry in the darkness. Harry could see his outline by the moonlight filtering in through the grimy window. \ldblquote\i What d\rquote you reckon\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t need to ask what Ron meant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, they didn\rquote t tell us much we couldn\rquote t have guessed, did they?\rdblquote  he said, thinking of all that had been said downstairs. \ldblquote I mean, all they\rquote ve really said is that the Order\rquote s trying to stop people joining Vol \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a sharp intake of breath from Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  \i demort,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Harry firmly. \ldblquote When are you going to start using his name? Sirius and Lupin do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron ignored this last comment. \ldblquote Yeah, you\rquote re right,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote We already knew nearly everything they told us, from using the Extend\-able Ears. The only new bit was \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Crack.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote OUCH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Keep your voice down, Ron, or Mum\rquote ll be back up here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You two just Apparated on my knees!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, it\rquote s harder in the dark \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw the blurred outlines of Fred and George leaping down from Ron\rquote s bed. There was a groan of bedsprings and Harry\rquote s mattress descended a few inches as George sat down near his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, got there yet?\rdblquote  said George eagerly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The weapon Sirius mentioned?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let slip, more like,\rdblquote  said Fred with relish, now sitting next to Ron. \ldblquote We didn\rquote t hear about \i that\i0  on the old Extendables, did we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon it is?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Could be anything,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But there can\rquote t be anything worse than the \i Avada Kedavra\i0  curse, can there?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote What\rquote s worse than death?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe it\rquote s something that can kill loads of people at once,\rdblquote  sug\-gested George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe it\rquote s some particularly painful way of killing people,\rdblquote  said Ron fearfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s got the Cruciatus Curse for causing pain,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He doesn\rquote t need anything more efficient than that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause and Harry knew that the others, like him, were wondering what horrors this weapon could perpetrate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So who d\rquote you thinks got it now?\rdblquote  asked George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hope it\rquote s our side,\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding slightly nervous.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If it is, Dumbledore\rquote s probably keeping it,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where?\rdblquote  said Ron quickly. \ldblquote Hogwarts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bet it is!\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote That\rquote s where he hid the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A weapon\rquote s going to be a lot bigger than the Stone, though!\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not necessarily,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, size is no guarantee of power,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Look at Ginny.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve never been on the receiving end of one of her Bat-Bogey Hexes, have you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shhh!\rdblquote  said Fred, half-rising from the bed. \ldblquote Listen!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They fell silent. Footsteps were coming up the stairs again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum,\rdblquote  said George, and without further ado there was a loud crack and Harry felt the weight vanish from the end of his bed. A few seconds later and they heard the floorboard creak outside their door; Mrs. Weasley was plainly listening to see whether they were talking or not.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hedwig and Pigwidgeon hooted dolefully. The floorboard creaked again and they heard her heading upstairs to check on Fred and George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She doesn\rquote t trust us at all, you know,\rdblquote  said Ron regretfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was sure he would not be able to fall asleep; the evening had been so packed with things to think about that he fully expected to lie awake for hours mulling it all over. He wanted to continue talking to Ron, but Mrs. Weasley was now creaking back downstairs again, and once she had gone he distinctly heard others making their way up\-stairs. \'85 In fact, many-legged creatures were cantering softly up and down outside the bedroom door, and Hagrid, the Care of Magical Creatures teacher, was saying, \ldblquote\i Beauties, aren\rquote  they, eh, Harry? We\rquote ll be studyin\rquote  weapons this term. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 And Harry saw that the creatures had cannons for heads and were wheeling to face him. \'85 He ducked. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The next thing he knew, he was curled in a warm ball under his bedclothes, and George\rquote s loud voice was filling the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum says get up, your breakfast is in the kitchen and then she needs you in the drawing room, there are loads more doxies than she thought and she\rquote s found a nest of dead puffskeins under the sofa.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Half an hour later, Harry and Ron, who had dressed and break\-fasted quickly, entered the drawing room, a long, high-ceilinged room on the first floor with olive-green walls covered in dirty tapestries. The carpet exhaled little clouds of dust every time someone put their foot on it and the long, moss-green velvet curtains were buzzing as though swarming with invisible bees. It was around these that Mrs. Weasley,\lang3081  \lang1033 Hermione, Ginny, Fred, and George were grouped, all looking rather peculiar, as they had tied cloths over their noses and mouths. Each of them was also holding a large bottle of black liquid with a nozzle at the end.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cover your faces and take a spray,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley said to Harry and Ron the moment she saw them, pointing to two more bottles of black liquid standing on a spindle-legged table. \ldblquote It\rquote s Doxycide. I\rquote ve never seen an infestation this bad \emdash  \i what\i0  that house-elf\rquote s been doing for the last ten years \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s face was half concealed by a tea towel but Harry dis\-tinctly saw her throw a reproachful look at Mrs. Weasley at these words.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher\rquote s really old, he probably couldn\rquote t manage \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d be surprised what Kreacher can manage when he wants to, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Sirius, who had just entered the room carrying a bloodstained bag of what appeared to be dead rats. \ldblquote I\rquote ve just been feed\-ing Buckbeak,\rdblquote  he added, in reply to Harry\rquote s inquiring look. \ldblquote I keep him upstairs in my mother\rquote s bedroom. Anyway \'85 this writing desk \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He dropped the bag of rats onto an armchair, then bent over to ex\-amine the locked cabinet which, Harry now noticed for the first time, was shaking slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Molly, I\rquote m pretty sure this is a boggart,\rdblquote  said Sirius, peering through the keyhole, \ldblquote but perhaps we ought to let Mad-Eye have a shifty at it before we let it out \emdash  knowing my mother it could be something much worse.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right you are, Sirius,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were both speaking in carefully light, polite voices that told Harry quite plainly that neither had forgotten their disagreement of the night before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A loud, clanging bell sounded from downstairs, followed at once by the cacophony of screams and wails that had been triggered the previ\-ous night by Tonks knocking over the umbrella stand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I keep telling them not to ring the doorbell!\rdblquote  said Sirius exasperat\-edly, hurrying back out of the room. They heard him thundering down the stairs as Mrs. Black\rquote s screeches echoed up through the house once more: \ldblquote\i Stains of dishonor, filthy half-breeds, blood traitors, children of filth\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Close the door, please, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took as much time as he dared to close the drawing room door; he wanted to listen to what was going on downstairs. Sirius had obviously managed to shut the curtains over his mother\rquote s portrait be\-cause she had stopped screaming. He heard Sirius walking down the hall, then the clattering of the chain on the front door, and then a deep voice he recognized as Kingsley Shacklebolt\rquote s saying, \ldblquote Hestia\rquote s just relieved me, so she\rquote s got Moody\rquote s cloak now, thought I\rquote d leave a re\-port for Dumbledore. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Feeling Mrs. Weasley\rquote s eyes on the back of his head, Harry regret\-fully closed the drawing room door and rejoined the doxy party.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley was bending over to check the page on doxies in \i Gilderoy Lockhart\rquote s Guide to Household Pests,\i0  which was lying open on the sofa.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right, you lot, you need to be careful, because doxies bite and their teeth are poisonous. I\rquote ve got a bottle of antidote here, but I\rquote d rather nobody needed it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She straightened up, positioned herself squarely in front of the cur\-tains, and beckoned them all forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When I say the word, start spraying immediately,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote They\rquote ll come flying out at us, I expect, but it says on the sprays one good squirt will paralyze them. When they\rquote re immobilized, just throw them in this bucket.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stepped carefully out of their line of fire and raised her own spray. \ldblquote All right \emdash  \i squirt\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had been spraying only a few seconds when a fully grown doxy came soaring out of a fold in the material, shiny beetlelike wings\lang3081  \lang1033 whirring, tiny needle-sharp teeth bared, its fairylike body covered with thick black hair and its four tiny fists clenched with fury. Harry caught it full in the face with a blast of Doxycide; it froze in midair and fell, with a surprisingly loud \i thunk\i0 , onto the worn carpet below. Harry picked it up and threw it in the bucket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fred, what are you doing?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley sharply. \ldblquote Spray that at once and throw it away!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around. Fred was holding a struggling doxy between his forefinger and thumb.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right-o,\rdblquote  Fred said brightly, spraying the doxy quickly in the face so that it fainted, but the moment Mrs. Weasley\rquote s back was turned he pocketed it with a wink.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We want to experiment with doxy venom for our Skiving Snack-boxes,\rdblquote  George told Harry under his breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Deftly spraying two doxies at once as they soared straight for his nose, Harry moved closer to George and muttered out of the corner of his mouth, \ldblquote What are Skiving Snackboxes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Range of sweets to make you ill,\rdblquote  George whispered, keeping a wary eye on Mrs. Weasley\rquote s back. \ldblquote Not seriously ill, mind, just ill enough to get you out of a class when you feel like it. Fred and I have been developing them this summer. They\rquote re double-ended, color-coded chews. If you eat the orange half of the Puking Pastilles, you throw up. Moment you\rquote ve been rushed out of the lesson for the hos\-pital wing, you swallow the purple half\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 which restores you to full fitness, enabling you to pursue the leisure activity of your own choice during an hour that would other\-wise have been devoted to unprofitable boredom.\rquote  That\rquote s what we\rquote re putting in the adverts, anyway,\rdblquote  whispered Fred, who had edged over out of Mrs. Weasley\rquote s line of vision and was now sweeping a few stray doxies from the floor and adding them to his pocket. \ldblquote But they still need a bit of work. At the moment our testers are having a bit of trou\-ble stopping puking long enough to swallow the purple end.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Testers?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Us,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote We take it in turns. George did the Fainting Fan\-cies \emdash  we both tried the Nosebleed Nougat \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum thought we\rquote d been dueling,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Joke shop still on, then?\rdblquote  Harry muttered, pretending to be ad\-justing the nozzle on his spray.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we haven\rquote t had a chance to get premises yet,\rdblquote  said Fred, dropping his voice even lower as Mrs. Weasley mopped her brow with her scarf before returning to the attack, \ldblquote so we\rquote re running it as a mail-order service at the moment. We put advertisements in the \i Daily Prophet\i0  last week.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All thanks to you, mate,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote But don\rquote t worry \'85 Mum hasn\rquote t got a clue. She won\rquote t read the \i Daily Prophet\i0  anymore, \rquote cause of it telling lies about you and Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry grinned. He had forced the Weasley twins to take the thou\-sand-Galleon prize money he had won in the Triwizard Tournament to help them realize their ambition to open a joke shop, but he was still glad to know that his part in furthering their plans was unknown to Mrs. Weasley, who did not think that running a joke shop was a suitable career for two of her sons.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The de-doxying of the curtains took most of the morning. It was past midday when Mrs. Weasley finally removed her protective scarf, sank into a sagging armchair, and sprang up again with a cry of dis\-gust, having sat on the bag of dead rats. The curtains were no longer buzzing; they hung limp and damp from the intensive spraying; un\-conscious doxies lay crammed in the bucket at the foot of them beside a bowl of their black eggs, at which Crookshanks was now sniffing and Fred and George were shooting covetous looks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we\rquote ll tackle \i those\i0  after lunch.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley pointed at the dusty glass-fronted cabinets standing on either side of the mantelpiece. They were crammed with an odd assortment of objects: a selection of rusty daggers, claws, a coiled snakeskin, a number of tarnished silver boxes inscribed with languages Harry could not understand and, least pleasant of all, an ornate crys\-tal bottle with a large opal set into the stopper, full of what Harry was quite sure was blood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The clanging doorbell rang again. Everyone looked at Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stay here,\rdblquote  she said firmly, snatching up the bag of rats as Mrs. Blacks screeches started up again from down below. \ldblquote I\rquote ll bring up some sandwiches.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She left the room, closing the door carefully behind her. At once, everyone dashed over to the window to look down onto the doorstep. They could see the top of an unkempt gingery head and a stack of pre\-cariously balanced cauldrons.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mundungus!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote What\rquote s he brought all those caul\-drons for?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Probably looking for a safe place to keep them,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t that what he was doing the night he was supposed to be tailing me? Picking up dodgy cauldrons?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, you\rquote re right!\rdblquote  said Fred, as the front door opened; Mundun\-gus heaved his cauldrons through it and disappeared from view. \ldblquote Blimey, Mum won\rquote t like that. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and George crossed to the door and stood beside it, listening intently. Mrs. Black\rquote s screaming had stopped again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mundungus is talking to Sirius and Kingsley,\rdblquote  Fred muttered, frowning with concentration. \ldblquote Can\rquote t hear properly \'85 d\rquote you reckon we can risk the Extendable Ears?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Might be worth it,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote I could sneak upstairs and get a pair \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But at that precise moment there was an explosion of sound from downstairs that rendered Extendable Ears quite unnecessary. All of them could hear exactly what Mrs. Weasley was shouting at the top of her voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WE ARE NOT RUNNING A HIDEOUT FOR STOLEN GOODS!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I love hearing Mum shouting at someone else,\rdblquote  said Fred, with a satisfied smile on his face as he opened the door an inch or so to allow Mrs. Weasley\rquote s voice to permeate the room better. \ldblquote It makes such a nice change.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  COMPLETELY IRRESPONSIBLE, AS IF WE HAVEN\rquote T GOT ENOUGH TO WORRY ABOUT WITHOUT YOU DRAG\-GING STOLEN CAULDRONS INTO THE HOUSE \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The idiots are letting her get into her stride,\rdblquote  said George, shaking his head. \ldblquote You\rquote ve got to head her off early, otherwise she builds up a head of steam and goes on for hours. And she\rquote s been dying to have a go at Mundungus ever since he sneaked off when he was supposed to be following you, Harry \emdash  and there goes Sirius\rquote s mum again \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley\rquote s voice was lost amid fresh shrieks and screams from the portraits in the hall. George made to shut the door to drown the noise, but before he could do so, a house-elf edged into the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Except for the filthy rag tied like a loincloth around its middle, it was completely naked. It looked very old. Its skin seemed to be several times too big for it and though it was bald like all house-elves, there was a quantity of white hair growing out of its large, batlike ears. Its eyes were a bloodshot and watery gray, and its fleshy nose was large and rather snoutlike.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The elf took absolutely no notice of Harry and the rest. Acting as though it could not see them, it shuffled hunchbacked, slowly and doggedly, toward the far end of the room, muttering under its breath all the while in a hoarse, deep voice like a bullfrog\rquote s, \ldblquote\'85 Smells like a drain and a criminal to boot, but she\rquote s no better, nasty old blood traitor with her brats messing up my Mistress\rquote s house, oh my poor Mistress, if she knew, if she knew the scum they\rquote ve let in her house, what would she say to old Kreacher, oh the shame of it, Mudbloods\lang3081  \lang1033 and werewolves and traitors and thieves, poor old Kreacher, what can he do. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello, Kreacher,\rdblquote  said Fred very loudly, closing the door with a snap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The house-elf froze in his tracks, stopped muttering, and then gave a very pronounced and very unconvincing start of surprise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher did not see Young Master,\rdblquote  he said, turning around and bowing to Fred. Still facing the carpet, he added, perfectly audibly, \ldblquote Nasty little brat of a blood traitor it is.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry?\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t catch that last bit.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher said nothing,\rdblquote  said the elf, with a second bow to George, adding in a clear undertone, \ldblquote and there\rquote s its twin, unnatural little beasts they are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t know whether to laugh or not. The elf straightened up, eyeing them all very malevolently, and apparently convinced that they could not hear him as he continued to mutter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and there\rquote s the Mudblood, standing there bold as brass, oh if my Mistress knew, oh how she\rquote d cry, and there\rquote s a new boy, Kreacher doesn\rquote t know his name, what is he doing here, Kreacher doesn\rquote t know \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is Harry, Kreacher,\rdblquote  said Hermione tentatively. \ldblquote Harry Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher\rquote s pale eyes widened and he muttered faster and more furi\-ously than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Mudblood is talking to Kreacher as though she is my friend, if Kreacher\rquote s Mistress saw him in such company, oh what would she say \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t call her a Mudblood!\rdblquote  said Ron and Ginny together, very angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t matter,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered, \ldblquote he\rquote s not in his right mind, he doesn\rquote t know what he\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t kid yourself, Hermione, he knows \i exactly\i0  what he\rquote s saying,\rdblquote  said Fred, eyeing Kreacher with great dislike.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher was still muttering, his eyes on Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it true? Is it Harry Potter? Kreacher can see the scar, it must be true, that\rquote s that boy who stopped the Dark Lord, Kreacher wonders how he did it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t we all, Kreacher?\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you want anyway?\rdblquote  George asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher\rquote s huge eyes darted onto George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher is cleaning,\rdblquote  he said evasively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A likely story,\rdblquote  said a voice behind Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius had come back; he was glowering at the elf from the door\-way. The noise in the hall had abated; perhaps Mrs. Weasley and Mundungus had moved their argument down into the kitchen. At the sight of Sirius, Kreacher flung himself into a ridiculously low bow that flattened his snoutlike nose on the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stand up straight,\rdblquote  said Sirius impatiently. \ldblquote Now, what are you up to?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher is cleaning,\rdblquote  the elf repeated. \ldblquote Kreacher lives to serve the noble house of Black \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and it\rquote s getting blacker every day, it\rquote s filthy,\rdblquote  said Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master always liked his little joke,\rdblquote  said Kreacher, bowing again, and continuing in an undertone, \ldblquote Master was a nasty ungrateful swine who broke his mother\rquote s heart \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My mother didn\rquote t have a heart, Kreacher,\rdblquote  Sirius snapped. \ldblquote She kept herself alive out of pure spite.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher bowed again and said, \ldblquote Whatever Master says,\rdblquote  then muttered furiously, \ldblquote Master is not fit to wipe slime from his mother\rquote s boots, oh my poor Mistress, what would she say if she saw Kreacher serving him, how she hated him, what a disappointment he was \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I asked you what you were up to,\rdblquote  said Sirius coldly. \ldblquote Every time\lang3081  \lang1033 you show up pretending to be cleaning, you sneak something off to your room so we can\rquote t throw it out.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher would never move anything from its proper place in Master\rquote s house,\rdblquote  said the elf, then muttered very fast, \ldblquote Mistress would never forgive Kreacher if the tapestry was thrown out, seven centuries it\rquote s been in the family, Kreacher must save it, Kreacher will not let Master and the blood traitors and the brats destroy it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought it might be that,\rdblquote  said Sirius, casting a disdainful look at the opposite wall. \ldblquote She\rquote ll have put another Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of it, I don\rquote t doubt, but if I can get rid of it I certainly will. Now go away, Kreacher.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It seemed that Kreacher did not dare disobey a direct order; never\-theless, the look he gave Sirius as he shuffled out past him was redolent of deepest loathing and he muttered all the way out of the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  comes back from Azkaban ordering Kreacher around, oh my poor Mistress, what would she say if she saw the house now, scum liv\-ing in it, her treasures thrown out, she swore he was no son of hers and he\rquote s back, they say he\rquote s a murderer too \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Keep muttering and I will be a murderer!\rdblquote  said Sirius irritably, and he slammed the door shut on the elf.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius, he\rquote s not right in the head,\rdblquote  said Hermione pleadingly, \ldblquote I don\rquote t think he realizes we can hear him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s been alone too long,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote taking mad orders from my mother\rquote s portrait and talking to himself, but he was always a foul little \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you just set him free,\rdblquote  said Hermione hopefully, \ldblquote maybe \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can\rquote t set him free, he knows too much about the Order,\rdblquote  said Sirius curtly. \ldblquote And anyway, the shock would kill him. You suggest to him that he leaves this house, see how he takes it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius walked across the room, where the tapestry Kreacher had been trying to protect hung the length of the wall. Harry and the oth\-ers followed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The tapestry looked immensely old; it was faded and looked as though doxies had gnawed it in places; nevertheless, the golden thread with which it was embroidered still glinted brightly enough to show them a sprawling family tree dating back (as far as Harry could tell) to the Middle Ages. Large words at the very top of the tapestry read:\par
\par
\pard\qc THE NOBLE AND MOST ANCIENT HOUSE OF BLACK\par
\ldblquote TOUJOURS PUR\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re not on here!\rdblquote  said Harry, after scanning the bottom of the tree.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I used to be there,\rdblquote  said Sirius, pointing at a small, round, charred hole in the tapestry, rather like a cigarette burn. \ldblquote My sweet old mother blasted me off after I ran away from home \emdash  Kreacher\rquote s quite fond of muttering the story under his breath.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You ran away from home?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When I was about sixteen,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote I\rquote d had enough.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where did you go?\rdblquote  asked Harry, staring at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your dad\rquote s place,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote Your grandparents were really good about it; they sort of adopted me as a second son. Yeah, I camped out at your dad\rquote s during the school holidays, and then when I was seven\-teen I got a place of my own, my Uncle Alphard had left me a decent bit of gold \emdash  he\rquote s been wiped off here too, that\rquote s probably why \emdash  anyway, after that I looked after myself. I was always welcome at Mr. and Mrs. Potter\rquote s for Sunday lunch, though.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 why did you \'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Leave?\rdblquote  Sirius smiled bitterly and ran a hand through his long, un\-kempt hair. \ldblquote Because I hated the whole lot of them: my parents, with their pure-blood mania, convinced that to be a Black made you prac\-tically royal\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 my idiot brother, soft enough to believe them \'85 that\rquote s him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius jabbed a finger at the very bottom of the tree, at the name\lang3081  \lang1033 REGULUS BLACK. A date of death (some fifteen years previously) fol\-lowed the date of birth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was younger than me,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote and a much better son, as I was constantly reminded.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he died,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote Stupid idiot\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 he joined the Death Eaters.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re kidding!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, Harry, haven\rquote t you seen enough of this house to tell what kind of wizards my family were?\rdblquote  said Sirius testily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Were \emdash  were your parents Death Eaters as well?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, but believe me, they thought Voldemort had the right idea, they were all for the purification of the Wizarding race, getting rid of Muggle-borns and having purebloods in charge. They weren\rquote t alone either, there were quite a few people, before Voldemort showed his true colors, who thought he had the right idea about things. \'85 They got cold feet when they saw what he was prepared to do to get power, though. But I bet my parents thought Regulus was a right lit\-tle hero for joining up at first.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Was he killed by an Auror?\rdblquote  Harry asked tentatively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote No, he was murdered by Voldemort. Or on Voldemort\rquote s orders, more likely, I doubt Regulus was ever important enough to be killed by Voldemort in person. From what I found out after he died, he got in so far, then panicked about what he was being asked to do and tried to back out. Well, you don\rquote t just hand in your resignation to Voldemort. It\rquote s a lifetime of service or death.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lunch,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was holding her wand high in front of her, balancing a huge tray loaded with sandwiches and cake on its tip. She was very red in the face and still looked angry. The others moved over to her, eager for some food, but Harry remained with Sirius, who had bent closer to the tapestry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t looked at this for years. There\rquote s Phineas Nigellus \'85 my great-great-grandfather, see? Least popular headmaster Hogwarts ever had \'85 and Araminta Meliflua \'85 cousin of my mother\rquote s \'85 tried to force through a Ministry Bill to make Muggle-hunting legal\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and dear Aunt Elladora \'85 she started the family tradition of beheading house-elves when they got too old to carry tea trays \'85 of course, anytime the family produced someone halfway decent they were dis\-owned. I see Tonks isn\rquote t on here. Maybe that\rquote s why Kreacher won\rquote t take orders from her \emdash  he\rquote s supposed to do whatever anyone in the family asks him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You and Tonks are related?\rdblquote  Harry asked, surprised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah, her mother, Andromeda, was my favorite cousin,\rdblquote  said Sirius, examining the tapestry carefully. \ldblquote No, Andromeda\rquote s not on here either, look \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pointed to another small round burn mark between two names, Bellatrix and Narcissa.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Andromeda\rquote s sisters are still here because they made lovely, re\-spectable pure-blood marriages, but Andromeda married a Muggle-born, Ted Tonks, so \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius mimed blasting the tapestry with a wand and laughed sourly. Harry, however, did not laugh; he was too busy staring at the names to the right of Andromeda\rquote s burn mark. A double line of gold embroidery linked Narcissa Black with Lucius Malfoy, and a single vertical gold line from their names led to the name Draco.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re related to the Malfoys!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The pure-blood families are all interrelated,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote If you\rquote re only going to let your sons and daughters marry purebloods your choice is very limited, there are hardly any of us left. Molly and I are cousins by marriage and Arthur\rquote s something like my second cousin once removed. But there\rquote s no point looking for them on here \emdash  if ever a family was a bunch of blood traitors it\rquote s the Weasleys.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry was now looking at the name to the left of Andromeda\rquote s burn: Bellatrix Black, which was connected by a double line to Rodol\-phus Lestrange.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lestrange \'85\rdblquote  Harry said aloud. The name had stirred something in his memory; he knew it from somewhere, but for a moment he couldn\rquote t think where, though it gave him an odd, creeping sensation in the pit of his stomach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re in Azkaban,\rdblquote  said Sirius shortly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at him curiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bellatrix and her husband Rodolphus came in with Barty Crouch, Junior,\rdblquote  said Sirius in the same brusque voice. \ldblquote Rodolphus\rquote s brother, Rabastan, was with them too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Harry remembered: He had seen Bellatrix Lestrange inside Dumbledore\rquote s Pensieve, the strange device in which thoughts and memories could be stored: a tall dark woman with heavy-lidded eyes, who had stood at her trial and proclaimed her continuing allegiance to Lord Voldemort, her pride that she had tried to find him after his downfall and her conviction that she would one day be rewarded for her loyalty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You never said she was your \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does it matter if she\rquote s my cousin?\rdblquote  snapped Sirius. \ldblquote As far as I\rquote m concerned, they\rquote re not my family. \i She\rquote s\i0  certainly not my family. I haven\rquote t seen her since I was your age, unless you count a glimpse of her coming in to Azkaban. D\rquote you think I\rquote m proud of having relatives like her?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, \ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean \emdash  I was just surprised, that\rquote s all \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t matter, don\rquote t apologize,\rdblquote  Sirius mumbled at once. He turned away from the tapestry, his hands deep in his pockets. \ldblquote I don\rquote t like being back here,\rdblquote  he said, staring across the drawing room. \ldblquote I never thought I\rquote d be stuck in this house again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry understood completely. He knew how he would feel if\lang3081  \lang1033 forced, when he was grown up and thought he was free of the place forever, to return and live at number four, Privet Drive.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s ideal for headquarters, of course,\rdblquote  Sirius said. \ldblquote My father put every security measure known to Wizard-kind on it when he lived here. It\rquote s Unplottable, so Muggles could never come and call \emdash  as if they\rquote d have wanted to \emdash  and now Dumbledore\rquote s added his protec\-tion, you\rquote d be hard put to find a safer house anywhere. Dumbledore\rquote s Secret-Keeper for the Order, you know \emdash  nobody can find headquar\-ters unless he tells them personally where it is \emdash  that note Moody showed you last night, that was from Dumbledore. \'85\rdblquote  Sirius gave a short, barklike laugh. \ldblquote If my parents could see the use it was being put to now \'85 well, my mother\rquote s portrait should give you some idea. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He scowled for a moment, then sighed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t mind if I could just get out occasionally and do some\-thing useful. I\rquote ve asked Dumbledore whether I can escort you to your hearing \emdash  as Snuffles, obviously \emdash  so I can give you a bit of moral support, what d\rquote you think?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt as though his stomach had sunk through the dusty carpet. He had not thought about the hearing once since dinner the previous evening; in the excitement of being back with the people he liked best, of hearing everything that was going on, it had completely flown his mind. At Sirius\rquote s words, however, the crushing sense of dread returned to him. He stared at Hermione and the Weasleys, all tucking into their sandwiches, and thought how he would feel if they went back to Hogwarts without him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry,\rdblquote  Sirius said. Harry looked up and realized that Sirius had been watching him. \ldblquote I\rquote m sure they\rquote re going to clear you, there\rquote s definitely something in the International Statute of Secrecy about be\-ing allowed to use magic to save your own life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if they do expel me,\rdblquote  said Harry, quietly, \ldblquote can I come back here and live with you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius smiled sadly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d feel a lot better about the hearing if I knew I didn\rquote t have to go back to the Dursleys,\rdblquote  Harry pressed him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They must be bad if you prefer this place,\rdblquote  said Sirius gloomily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hurry up, you two, or there won\rquote t be any food left,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley called.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius heaved another great sigh, cast a dark look at the tapestry, and he and Harry went to join the others.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tried his best not to think about the hearing while they emp\-tied the glass cabinets that afternoon. Fortunately for him, it was a job that required a lot of concentration, as many of the objects in there seemed very reluctant to leave their dusty shelves. Sirius sustained a bad bite from a silver snuffbox; within seconds, his bitten hand had developed an unpleasant crusty covering like a tough brown glove.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s okay,\rdblquote  he said, examining the hand with interest before tap\-ping it lightly with his wand and restoring its skin to normal, \ldblquote must be Wartcap powder in there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He threw the box aside into the sack where they were depositing the debris from the cabinets; Harry saw George wrap his own hand carefully in a cloth moments later and sneak the box into his already doxy-filled pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They found an unpleasant-looking silver instrument, something like a many-legged pair of tweezers, which scuttled up Harry\rquote s arm like a spider when he picked it up, and attempted to puncture his skin; Sirius seized it and smashed it with a heavy book entitled \i Nature\rquote s Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy.\i0  There was a musical box that emitted a faintly sinister, tinkling tune when wound, and they all found themselves becoming curiously weak and sleepy until Ginny had the sense to slam the lid shut; also a heavy locket that none of them could open, a number of ancient seals and, in a dusty box, an Order of Merlin, First Class, that had been awarded to Sirius\rquote s grand\-father for \ldblquote Services to the Ministry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It means he gave them a load of gold,\rdblquote  said Sirius contemptuously, throwing the medal into the rubbish sack.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Several times, Kreacher sidled into the room and attempted to smuggle things away under his loincloth, muttering horrible curses every time they caught him at it. When Sirius wrested a large golden ring bearing the Black crest from his grip Kreacher actually burst into furious tears and left the room sobbing under his breath and calling Sirius names Harry had never heard before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was my father\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Sirius, throwing the ring into the sack. \ldblquote Kreacher wasn\rquote t \i quite\i0  as devoted to him as to my mother, but I still caught him snogging a pair of my father\rquote s old trousers last week.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley kept them all working very hard over the next few days. The drawing room took three days to decontaminate; finally the only undesirable things left in it were the tapestry of the Black family tree, which resisted all their attempts to remove it from the wall, and the rattling writing desk; Moody had not dropped by headquarters yet, so they could not be sure what was inside it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They moved from the drawing room to a dining room on the ground floor where they found spiders large as saucers lurking in the dresser (Ron left the room hurriedly to make a cup of tea and did not return for an hour and a half). The china, which bore the Black crest and motto, was all thrown unceremoniously into a sack by Sirius, and the same fate met a set of old photographs in tarnished silver frames, all of whose occupants squealed shrilly as the glass covering them smashed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape might refer to their work as \ldblquote cleaning,\rdblquote  but in Harry\rquote s opin\-ion they were really waging war on the house, which was putting up a very good fight, aided and abetted by Kreacher. The house-elf kept appearing wherever they were congregated, his muttering becoming more and more offensive as he attempted to remove anything he could from the rubbish sacks. Sirius went as far as to threaten him\lang3081  \lang1033 with clothes, but Kreacher fixed him with a watery stare and said, \ldblquote Master must do as Master wishes,\rdblquote  before turning away and mutter\-ing very loudly, \ldblquote but Master will not turn Kreacher away, no, because Kreacher knows what they are up to, oh yes, he is plotting against the Dark Lord, yes, with these Mudbloods and traitors and scum. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At which Sirius, ignoring Hermione\rquote s protests, seized Kreacher by the back of his loincloth and threw him bodily from the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The doorbell rang several times a day, which was the cue for Sirius\rquote s mother to start shrieking again, and for Harry and the others to at\-tempt to eavesdrop on the visitor, though they gleaned very little from the brief glimpses and snatches of conversation they were able to sneak before Mrs. Weasley recalled them to their tasks. Snape flitted in and out of the house several times more, though to Harry\rquote s relief they never came face-to-face; he also caught sight of his Transfiguration teacher, Professor McGonagall, looking very odd in a Muggle dress and coat, though she also seemed too busy to linger.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sometimes, however, the visitors stayed to help; Tonks joined them for a memorable afternoon in which they found a murderous old ghoul lurking in an upstairs toilet, and Lupin, who was staying in the house with Sirius but who left it for long periods to do mysterious work for the Order, helped them repair a grandfather clock that had developed the unpleasant habit of shooting heavy bolts at passersby. Mundungus redeemed himself slightly in Mrs. Weasley\rquote s eyes by res\-cuing Ron from an ancient set of purple robes that had tried to stran\-gle him when he removed them from their wardrobe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Despite the fact that he was still sleeping badly, still having dreams about corridors and locked doors that made his scar prickle, Harry was managing to have fun for the first time all summer. As long as he was busy he was happy; when the action abated, however, whenever he dropped his guard, or lay exhausted in bed watching blurred shad\-ows move across the ceiling, the thought of the looming Ministry\lang3081  \lang1033 hearing returned to him. Fear jabbed at his insides like needles as he wondered what was going to happen to him if he was expelled. The idea was so terrible that he did not dare voice it aloud, not even to Ron and Hermione, who, though he often saw them whispering to\-gether and casting anxious looks in his direction, followed his lead in not mentioning it. Sometimes he could not prevent his imagination showing him a faceless Ministry official who was snapping his wand in two and ordering him back to the Dursleys\rquote  \'85 but he would not go. He was determined on that. He would come back here to Grim\-mauld Place and live with Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt as though a brick had dropped into his stomach when Mrs. Weasley turned to him during dinner on Wednesday evening and said quietly, \ldblquote I\rquote ve ironed your best clothes for tomorrow morning, Harry, and I want you to wash your hair tonight too. A good first impression can work wonders.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny all stopped talking and looked over at him. Harry nodded and tried to keep eating his chops, but his mouth had become so dry he could not chew.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How am I getting there?\rdblquote  he asked Mrs. Weasley, trying to sound unconcerned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur\rquote s taking you to work with him,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley gently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley smiled encouragingly at Harry across the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can wait in my office until it\rquote s time for the hearing,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked over at Sirius, but before he could ask the question, Mrs. Weasley had answered it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore doesn\rquote t think it\rquote s a good idea for Sirius to go with you, and I must say I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  think he\rquote s \i quite right,\i0\rdblquote\i  \i0 said Sirius through clenched teeth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley pursed her lips.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When did Dumbledore tell you that?\rdblquote  Harry said, staring at Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He came last night, when you were in bed,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius stabbed moodily at a potato with his fork. Harry dropped his own eyes to his plate. The thought that Dumbledore had been in the house on the eve of his hearing and not asked to see him made him feel, if that were possible, even worse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 7\par
\pard\qc The Ministry of Magic\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry awoke at half-past five the next morning as abruptly and completely as if somebody had yelled in his ear. For a few moments he lay immobile as the prospect of the hearing filled every tiny particle of his brain, then, unable to bear it, he leapt out of bed and put on his glasses. Mrs. Weasley had laid out his freshly laundered jeans and T-shirt at the foot of his bed. Harry scrambled into them. The blank picture on the wall sniggered again.\par
Ron was lying sprawled on his back with his mouth wide open, fast asleep. He did not stir as Harry crossed the room, stepped out onto the landing, and closed the door softly behind him. Trying not to think of the next time he would see Ron, when they might no longer be fellow students at Hogwarts, Harry walked quietly down the stairs, past the heads of Kreacher\rquote s ancestors, and into the kitchen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had expected it to be empty, but it was not. When he reached the door he heard the soft rumble of voices on the other side and when he pushed it open he saw Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, Sirius, Lupin, and Tonks sitting there almost as though they were waiting for him.\lang3081  \lang1033 All were fully dressed except Mrs. Weasley, who was wearing a quilted, purple dressing gown. She leapt to her feet the moment he entered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Breakfast,\rdblquote  she said as she pulled out her wand and hurried over to the fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote M-m-morning, Harry,\rdblquote  yawned Tonks. Her hair was blonde and curly this morning. \ldblquote Sleep all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve b-b-been up all night,\rdblquote  she said, with another shuddering yawn. \ldblquote Come and sit down. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She drew out a chair, knocking over the one beside it in the process.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you want, Harry?\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley called. \ldblquote Porridge? Muffins? Kippers? Bacon and eggs? Toast?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just \emdash  just toast, thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin glanced at Harry, then said to Tonks, \ldblquote What were you saying about Scrimgeour?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 yeah \'85 well, we need to be a bit more careful, he\rquote s been asking Kingsley and me funny questions. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt vaguely grateful that he was not required to join in the conversation. His insides were squirming. Mrs. Weasley placed a cou\-ple of pieces of toast and marmalade in front of him; he tried to eat, but it was like chewing carpet. Mrs. Weasley sat down on his other side and started fussing with his T-shirt, tucking in the label and smoothing out creases across the shoulders. He wished she wouldn\rquote t.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and I\rquote ll have to tell Dumbledore I can\rquote t do night duty tomor\-row, I\rquote m just t-t-too tired,\rdblquote  Tonks finished, yawning hugely again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll cover for you,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote I\rquote m okay, I\rquote ve got a report to finish anyway. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley was not wearing wizard\rquote s robes but a pair of pin\-striped trousers and an old bomber jacket. He turned from Tonks to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are you feeling?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shrugged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote ll all be over soon,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley said bracingly. \ldblquote In a few hours\rquote  time you\rquote ll be cleared.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said nothing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The hearing\rquote s on my floor, in Amelia Bones\rquote s office. She\rquote s Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and she\rquote s the one who\rquote ll be questioning you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Amelia Bones is okay, Harry,\rdblquote  said Tonks earnestly. \ldblquote She\rquote s fair, she\rquote ll hear you out.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded, still unable to think of anything to say.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t lose your temper,\rdblquote  said Sirius abruptly. \ldblquote Be polite and stick to the facts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The law\rquote s on your side,\rdblquote  said Lupin quietly. \ldblquote Even underage wiz\-ards are allowed to use magic in life-threatening situations.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something very cold trickled down the back of Harry\rquote s neck; for a moment he thought someone was putting a Disillusionment Charm on him again, then he realized that Mrs. Weasley was attacking his hair with a wet comb. She pressed hard on the top of his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Doesn\rquote t it ever lie flat?\rdblquote  she said desperately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley checked his watch and looked up at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we\rquote ll go now,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote We\rquote re a bit early, but I think you\rquote ll be better off there than hanging around here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry automatically, dropping his toast and getting to his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll be all right, Harry,\rdblquote  said Tonks, patting him on the arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good luck,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote I\rquote m sure it will be fine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And if it\rquote s not,\rdblquote  said Sirius grimly, \ldblquote I\rquote ll see to Amelia Bones for you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry smiled weakly. Mrs. Weasley hugged him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve all got our fingers crossed,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 see you later then.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He followed Mr. Weasley upstairs and along the hall. He could hear Sirius\rquote s mother grunting in her sleep behind her curtains. Mr. Weasley unbolted the door and they stepped out into the cold, gray dawn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t normally walk to work, do you?\rdblquote  Harry asked him, as they set off briskly around the square.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I usually Apparate,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, \ldblquote but obviously you can\rquote t, and I think it\rquote s best we arrive in a thoroughly non-magical fashion \'85 makes a better impression, given what you\rquote re being disciplined for. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley kept his hand inside his jacket as they walked. Harry knew it was clenched around his wand. The run-down streets were almost deserted, but when they arrived at the miserable little Under\-ground station they found it already full of early morning commuters. As ever when he found himself in close proximity to Muggles going about their daily business, Mr. Weasley was hard put to contain his enthusiasm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Simply fabulous,\rdblquote  he whispered, indicating the automatic ticket machines. \ldblquote Wonderfully ingenious.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re out of order,\rdblquote  said Harry, pointing at the sign.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but even so \'85\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, beaming fondly at them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They bought their tickets instead from a sleepy-looking guard (Harry handled the transaction, as Mr. Weasley was not very good with Muggle money) and five minutes later they were boarding an Underground train that rattled them off toward the center of London. Mr. Weasley kept anxiously checking and rechecking the Under\-ground map above the windows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Four stops, Harry\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 three stops left now\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 two stops to go, Harry \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They got off at a station in the very heart of London, swept from the train in a tide of besuited men and women carrying briefcases. Up\lang3081  \lang1033 the escalator they went, through the ticket barrier (Mr. Weasley delighted with the way the stile swallowed his ticket), and emerged onto a broad street lined with imposing-looking buildings, already full of traffic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are we?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley blankly, and for one heart-stopping moment Harry thought they had gotten off at the wrong sta\-tion despite Mr. Weasley\rquote s continual references to the map; but a second later he said, \ldblquote Ah yes \'85 this way, Harry,\rdblquote  and led him down a side road.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote but I never come by train and it all looks rather different from a Muggle perspective. As a matter of fact I\rquote ve never even used the visitor\rquote s entrance before.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The farther they walked, the smaller and less imposing the build\-ings became, until finally they reached a street that contained several rather shabby-looking offices, a pub, and an overflowing dumpster. Harry had expected a rather more impressive location for the Ministry of Magic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here we are,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley brightly, pointing at an old red telephone box, which was missing several panes of glass and stood be\-fore a heavily graffittied wall. \ldblquote After you, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened the telephone box door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stepped inside, wondering what on earth this was about. Mr. Weasley folded himself in beside Harry and closed the door. It was a tight fit; Harry was jammed against the telephone apparatus, which was hanging crookedly from the wall as though a vandal had tried to rip it off. Mr. Weasley reached past Harry for the receiver.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Weasley, I think this might be out of order too,\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, I\rquote m sure it\rquote s fine,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, holding the receiver above his head and peering at the dial. \ldblquote Let\rquote s see \'85 six \'85\rdblquote  he dialed the number, \ldblquote two \'85 four \'85 and another four \'85 and another two \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As the dial whirred smoothly back into place, a cool female voice sounded inside the telephone box, not from the receiver in Mr. Weasley\rquote s hand, but as loudly and plainly as though an invisible woman were standing right beside them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Welcome to the Ministry of Magic. Please state your name and business.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, clearly uncertain whether he should talk into the receiver or not; he compromised by holding the mouthpiece to his ear, \ldblquote Arthur Weasley, Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office, here to escort Harry Potter, who has been asked to attend a disciplinary hearing. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said the cool female voice. \ldblquote Visitor, please take the badge and attach it to the front of your robes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a click and a rattle, and Harry saw something slide out of the metal chute where returned coins usually appeared. He picked it up: It was a square silver badge with \i Harry Potter, Disciplinary Hear\-ing\i0  on it. He pinned it to the front of his T-shirt as the female voice spoke again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Visitor to the Ministry, you are required to submit to a search and present your wand for registration at the security desk, which is lo\-cated at the far end of the Atrium.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The floor of the telephone box shuddered. They were sinking slowly into the ground. Harry watched apprehensively as the pave\-ment rose up past the glass windows of the telephone box until dark\-ness closed over their heads. Then he could see nothing at all; he could only hear a dull grinding noise as the telephone box made its way down through the earth. After about a minute, though it felt much longer to Harry, a chink of golden light illuminated his feet and, widening, rose up his body, until it hit him in the face and he had to blink to stop his eyes from watering.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Ministry of Magic wishes you a pleasant day,\rdblquote  said the woman\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door of the telephone box sprang open and Mr. Weasley stepped out of it, followed by Harry, whose mouth had fallen open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were standing at one end of a very long and splendid hall with a highly polished, dark wood floor. The peacock-blue ceiling was inlaid with gleaming golden symbols that were continually moving and chang\-ing like some enormous heavenly notice board. The walls on each side were paneled in shiny dark wood and had many gilded fireplaces set into them. Every few seconds a witch or wizard would emerge from one of the left-hand fireplaces with a soft \i whoosh\i0 ; on the right-hand side, short queues of wizards were forming before each fireplace, waiting to depart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Halfway down the hall was a fountain. A group of golden statues, larger than life-size, stood in the middle of a circular pool. Tallest of them all was a noble-looking wizard with his wand pointing straight up in the air. Grouped around him were a beautiful witch, a centaur, a goblin, and a house-elf. The last three were all looking adoringly up at the witch and wizard. Glittering jets of water were flying from the ends of the two wands, the point of the centaur\rquote s arrow, the tip of the goblin\rquote s hat, and each of the house-elf\rquote s ears, so that the tinkling hiss of falling water was added to the pops and cracks of Apparators and the clatter of footsteps as hundreds of witches and wizards, most of whom were wearing glum, early-morning looks, strode toward a set of golden gates at the far end of the hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This way,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They joined the throng, wending their way between the Ministry workers, some of whom were carrying tottering piles of parchment, others battered briefcases, still others reading the \i Daily Prophet\i0  as they walked. As they passed the fountain Harry saw silver Sickles and bronze Knuts glinting up at him from the bottom of the pool. A small, smudged sign beside it read:\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\lang1033\i All proceeds from\lang3081  \lang1033 the Fountain of\lang3081  \lang1033 Magical Brethren will be\lang3081  \lang1033 given\lang3081  t\lang1033 o\par
St. Mungo\rquote s Hospital\lang3081  f\lang1033 or Magical Maladies and Injuries\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
If\lang3081  I\rquote m not\lang1033  expelled from Hogwarts, I\rquote ll put in ten Galleons,\i0  Harry found himself thinking desperately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Over here, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, and they stepped out of the stream of Ministry employees heading for the golden gates, toward a desk on the left, over which hung a sign saying SECURITY. A badly shaven wizard in peacock-blue robes looked up as they approached and put down his \i Daily Prophet.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m escorting a visitor,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, gesturing toward Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Step over here,\rdblquote  said the wizard in a bored voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry walked closer to him and the wizard held up a long golden rod, thin and flexible as a car aerial, and passed it up and down Harry\rquote s front and back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wand,\rdblquote  grunted the security wizard at Harry, putting down the golden instrument and holding out his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry produced his wand. The wizard dropped it onto a strange brass instrument, which looked something like a set of scales with only one dish. It began to vibrate. A narrow strip of parchment came speeding out of a slit in the base. The wizard tore this off and read the writing upon it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Eleven inches, phoenix-feather core, been in use four years. That correct?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I keep this,\rdblquote  said the wizard, impaling the slip of parchment on a small brass spike. \ldblquote You get this back,\rdblquote  he added, thrusting the wand at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on. \'85\rdblquote  said the wizard slowly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His eyes had darted from the silver visitor\rquote s badge on Harry\rquote s chest to his forehead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Eric,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley firmly, and grasping Harry by the shoulder, he steered him away from the desk and back into the stream of wizards and witches walking through the golden gates.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Jostled slightly by the crowd, Harry followed Mr. Weasley through the gates into the smaller hall beyond, where at least twenty lifts stood behind wrought golden grilles. Harry and Mr. Weasley joined the crowd around one of them. A big, bearded wizard holding a large cardboard box stood nearby. The box was emitting rasping noises.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, Arthur?\rdblquote  said the wizard, nodding at Mr. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote ve you got there, Bob?\rdblquote  asked Mr. Weasley, looking at the box.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not sure,\rdblquote  said the wizard seriously. \ldblquote We thought it was a bog-standard chicken until it started breathing fire. Looks like a seri\-ous breach of the Ban on Experimental Breeding to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a great jangling and clattering a lift descended in front of them; the golden grille slid back and Harry and Mr. Weasley moved in\-side it with the rest of the crowd. Harry found himself jammed against the back wall of the lift. Several witches and wizards were looking at him curiously; he stared at his feet to avoid catching anyone\rquote s eye, flat\-tening his fringe as he did so. The grilles slid shut with a crash and the lift ascended slowly, chains rattling all the while, while the same cool female voice Harry had heard in the telephone box rang out again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Level seven, Department of Magical Games and Sports, incorpo\-rating the British and Irish Quidditch League Headquarters, Official Gobstones Club, and Ludicrous Patents Office.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The lift doors opened; Harry glimpsed an untidy-looking corridor, with various posters of Quidditch teams tacked lopsidedly on the walls; one of the wizards in the lift, who was carrying an armful of broomsticks, extricated himself with difficulty and disappeared down the corridor. The doors closed, the lift juddered upward again, and the woman\rquote s voice said, \ldblquote Level six, Department of Magical Transport, in\-corporating the Floo Network Authority, Broom Regulatory Control, Portkey Office, and Apparation Test Center.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once again the lift doors opened and four or five witches and wizards got out; at the same time, several paper airplanes swooped\lang3081  \lang1033 into the lift. Harry stared up at them as they flapped idly around above his head; they were a pale violet color and he could see MINISTRY OF MAGIC stamped along the edges of their wings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just Interdepartmental memos,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley muttered to him. \ldblquote We used to use owls, but the mess was unbelievable \'85 droppings all over the desks \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As they clattered upward again, the memos flapped around the swaying lamp in the lift\rquote s ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Level five, Department of International Magical Cooperation, in\-corporating the International Magical Trading Standards Body, the International Magical Office of Law, and the International Confeder\-ation of Wizards, British Seats.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When the doors opened, two of the memos zoomed out with a few more witches and wizards, but several more memos zoomed in, so that the light from the lamp in the ceiling flickered and flashed as they darted around it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Level four, Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, incorporating Beast, Being, and Spirit Divisions, Goblin Liaison Office, and Pest Advisory Bureau.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote S\rquote cuse,\rdblquote  said the wizard carrying the fire-breathing chicken and he left the lift pursued by a little flock of memos. The doors clanged shut yet again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Level three, Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes, including the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad, Obliviator Head\-quarters, and Muggle-Worthy Excuse Committee.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everybody left the lift on this floor except Mr. Weasley, Harry, and a witch who was reading an extremely long piece of parchment that was trailing on the ground. The remaining memos continued to soar around the lamp as the lift juddered upward again, and then the doors opened and the voice said, \ldblquote Level two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, including the Improper Use of Magic Office, Auror Headquarters, and Wizengamot Administration Services.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is us, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, and they followed the witch out of the lift into a corridor lined with doors. \ldblquote My office is on the other side of the floor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Weasley,\rdblquote  said Harry, as they passed a window through which sunlight was streaming, \ldblquote aren\rquote t we underground?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, we are,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, \ldblquote those are enchanted windows; Magical Maintenance decide what weather we\rquote re getting every day. We had two months of hurricanes last time they were angling for a pay raise. \'85 Just round here, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They turned a corner, walked through a pair of heavy oak doors, and emerged in a cluttered, open area divided into cubicles, which were buzzing with talk and laughter. Memos were zooming in and out of cubicles like miniature rockets. A lopsided sign on the nearest cu\-bicle read AUROR HEADQUARTERS.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked surreptitiously through the doorways as they passed. The Aurors had covered their cubicle walls with everything from pic\-tures of wanted wizards and photographs of their families, to posters of their favorite Quidditch teams and articles from the \i Daily Prophet.\i0  A scarlet-robed man with a ponytail longer than Bill\rquote s was sitting with his boots up on his desk, dictating a report to his quill. A little farther along, a witch with a patch over her eye was talking over the top of her cubicle wall to Kingsley Shacklebolt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Morning, Weasley,\rdblquote  said Kingsley carelessly, as they drew nearer. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been wanting a word with you, have you got a second?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, if it really is a second,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, \ldblquote I\rquote m in rather a hurry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were talking to each other as though they hardly knew each other, and when Harry opened his mouth to say hello to Kingsley, Mr. Weasley stood on his foot. They followed Kingsley along the row and into the very last cubicle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry received a slight shock; Sirius\rquote s face was blinking down at him from every direction. Newspaper cuttings and old photographs\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  even the one of Sirius being best man at the Potters\rquote  wedding \emdash  papered the walls. The only Sirius-free space was a map of the world in which little red pins were glowing like jewels.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  said Kingsley brusquely to Mr. Weasley, shoving a sheaf of parchment into his hand, \ldblquote I need as much information as possible on flying Muggle vehicles sighted in the last twelve months. We\rquote ve re\-ceived information that Black might still be using his old motorcycle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kingsley tipped Harry an enormous wink and added, in a whisper, \ldblquote Give him the magazine, he might find it interesting.\rdblquote  Then he said in normal tones, \ldblquote And don\rquote t take too long, Weasley, the delay on that firelegs report held our investigation up for a month.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you had read my report you would know that the term is \lquote firearms,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley coolly. \ldblquote And I\rquote m afraid you\rquote ll have to wait for information on motorcycles, we\rquote re extremely busy at the mo\-ment.\rdblquote  He dropped his voice and said, \ldblquote If you can get away before seven, Molly\rquote s making meatballs.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He beckoned to Harry and led him out of Kingsley\rquote s cubicle, through a second set of oak doors, into another passage, turned left, marched along another corridor, turned right into a dimly lit and dis\-tinctly shabby corridor, and finally reached a dead end, where a door on the left stood ajar, revealing a broom cupboard, and a door on the right bore a tarnished brass plaque reading MISUSE OF MUGGLE\lang3081  \lang1033 ARTIFACTS.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley\rquote s dingy office seemed to be slightly smaller than the broom cupboard. Two desks had been crammed inside it and there was barely room to move around them because of all the overflowing filing cabinets lining the walls, on top of which were tottering piles of files. The little wall space available bore witness to Mr. Weasley\rquote s obsessions; there were several posters of cars, including one of a dismantled engine, two illustrations of postboxes he seemed to have cut out of Muggle children\rquote s books, and a diagram showing how to wire a plug.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sitting on top of Mr. Weasley\rquote s overflowing in-tray was an old\lang3081  \lang1033 toaster that was hiccuping in a disconsolate way and a pair of empty leather gloves that were twiddling their thumbs. A photograph of the Weasley family stood beside the in-tray. Harry noticed that Percy ap\-peared to have walked out of it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We haven\rquote t got a window,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley apologetically, taking off his bomber jacket and placing it on the back of his chair. \ldblquote We\rquote ve asked, but they don\rquote t seem to think we need one. Have a seat, Harry, doesn\rquote t look as if Perkins is in yet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry squeezed himself into the chair behind Perkins\rquote s desk while Mr. Weasley rifled through the sheaf of parchment Kingsley Shackle\-bolt had given him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  he said, grinning, as he extracted a copy of a magazine enti\-tled \i The Quibbler\i0  from its midst, \ldblquote yes \'85\rdblquote  He flicked through it. \ldblquote Yes, he\rquote s right, I\rquote m sure Sirius will find that very amusing \emdash  oh dear, what\rquote s this now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A memo had just zoomed in through the open door and fluttered to rest on top of the hiccuping toaster. Mr. Weasley unfolded it and read aloud, \ldblquote  \lquote Third regurgitating public toilet reported in Bethnal Green, kindly investigate immediately.\rquote\lang3081  \lang1033 This is getting ridiculous. \'85\lang3081\rdblquote\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A regurgitating toilet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anti-Muggle pranksters,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, frowning. \ldblquote We had two last week, one in Wimbledon, one in Elephant and Castle. Mug\-gles are pulling the flush and instead of everything disappearing \emdash  well, you can imagine. The poor things keep calling in those \emdash  those \i pumbles,\i0  I think they\rquote re called \emdash  you know, the ones who mend pipes and things \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Plumbers?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  exactly, yes, but of course they\rquote re flummoxed. I only hope we can catch whoever\rquote s doing it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Will it be Aurors who catch them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no, this is too trivial for Aurors, it\rquote ll be the ordinary Magical Law Enforcement Patrol \emdash  ah, Harry, this is Perkins.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A stooped, timid-looking old wizard with fluffy white hair had just entered the room, panting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh Arthur!\rdblquote  he said desperately, without looking at Harry. \ldblquote Thank goodness, I didn\rquote t know what to do for the best, whether to wait here for you or not, I\rquote ve just sent an owl to your home but you\rquote ve obviously missed it \emdash  an urgent message came ten minutes ago \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know about the regurgitating toilet,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, it\rquote s not the toilet, it\rquote s the Potter boy\rquote s hearing \emdash  they\rquote ve changed the time and venue \emdash  it starts at eight o\rquote clock now and it\rquote s down in old Courtroom Ten \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Down in old \emdash  but they told me \emdash  Merlin\rquote s beard \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley looked at his watch, let out a yelp, and leapt from his chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quick, Harry, we should have been there five minutes ago!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Perkins flattened himself against the filing cabinets as Mr. Weasley left the office at a run, Harry on his heels.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why have they changed the time?\rdblquote  Harry said breathlessly as they hurtled past the Auror cubicles; people poked out their heads and stared as they streaked past. Harry felt as though he had left all his in\-sides back at Perkins\rquote s desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve no idea, but thank goodness we got here so early, if you\rquote d missed it it would have been catastrophic!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley skidded to a halt beside the lifts and jabbed impa\-tiently at the down button.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come ON!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The lift clattered into view and they hurried inside. Every time it stopped Mr. Weasley cursed furiously and pummelled the number nine button.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Those courtrooms haven\rquote t been used in years,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley angrily. \ldblquote I can\rquote t think why they\rquote re doing it down there \emdash  unless \emdash  but no \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A plump witch carrying a smoking goblet entered the lift at that moment, and Mr. Weasley did not elaborate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Atrium,\rdblquote  said the cool female voice and the golden grilles slid open, showing Harry a distant glimpse of the golden statues in the fountain. The plump witch got out and a sallow-skinned wizard with a very mournful face got in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Morning, Arthur,\rdblquote  he said in a sepulchral voice as the lift began to descend. \ldblquote Don\rquote t often see you down here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Urgent business, Bode,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, who was bouncing on the balls of his feet and throwing anxious looks over at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, yes,\rdblquote  said Bode, surveying Harry unblinkingly. \ldblquote Of course.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry barely had emotion to spare for Bode, but his unfaltering gaze did not make him feel any more comfortable.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Department of Mysteries,\rdblquote  said the cool female voice, and left it at that.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quick, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley as the lift doors rattled open, and they sped up a corridor that was quite different from those above. The walls were bare; there were no windows and no doors apart from a plain black one set at the very end of the corridor. Harry expected them to go through it, but instead Mr. Weasley seized him by the arm and dragged him to the left, where there was an opening leading to a flight of steps.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Down here, down here,\rdblquote  panted Mr. Weasley, taking two steps at a time. \ldblquote The lift doesn\rquote t even come down this far \'85 \i why\i0  they\rquote re do\-ing it there \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They reached the bottom of the steps and ran along yet another corridor, which bore a great resemblance to that which led to Snape\rquote s dungeon at Hogwarts, with rough stone walls and torches in brackets. The doors they passed here were heavy wooden ones with iron bolts and keyholes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Courtroom \'85 ten \'85 I think \'85 we\rquote re nearly \'85 yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley stumbled to a halt outside a grimy dark door with an immense iron lock and slumped against the wall, clutching at a stitch in his chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go on,\rdblquote  he panted, pointing his thumb at the door. \ldblquote Get in there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aren\rquote t \emdash  aren\rquote t you coming with \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, I\rquote m not allowed. Good luck!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart was beating a violent tattoo against his Adam\rquote s apple. He swallowed hard, turned the heavy iron door handle, and stepped inside the courtroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 8\par
\pard\qc The Hearing\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry gasped; he could not help himself. The large dungeon he had entered was horribly familiar. He had not only seen it before, he had \i been\i0  here before: This was the place he had visited in\-side Dumbledore\rquote s Pensieve, the place where he had watched the Lestranges sentenced to life imprisonment in Azkaban.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The walls were made of dark stone, dimly lit by torches. Empty benches rose on either side of him, but ahead, in the highest benches of all, were many shadowy figures. They had been talking in low voices, but as the heavy door swung closed behind Harry an ominous silence fell.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A cold male voice rang across the courtroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re late.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  said Harry nervously. \ldblquote I-I didn\rquote t know the time had changed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That is not the Wizengamot\rquote s fault,\rdblquote  said the voice. \ldblquote An owl was sent to you this morning. Take your seat.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dropped his gaze to the chair in the center of the room, the arms of which were covered in chains. He had seen those chains spring\lang3081  \lang1033 to life and bind whoever sat between them. His footsteps echoed loudly as he walked across the stone floor. When he sat gingerly on the edge of the chair the chains clinked rather threateningly but did not bind him. Feeling rather sick he looked up at the people seated at the bench above.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were about fifty of them, all, as far as he could see, wearing plum-colored robes with an elaborately worked silver W on the left-hand side of the chest and all staring down their noses at him, some with very austere expressions, others looks of frank curiosity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In the very middle of the front row sat Cornelius Fudge, the Min\-ister of Magic. Fudge was a portly man who often sported a lime-green bowler hat, though today he had dispensed with it; he had dispensed too with the indulgent smile he had once worn when he spoke to Harry. A broad, square-jawed witch with very short gray hair sat on Fudge\rquote s left; she wore a monocle and looked forbidding. On Fudge\rquote s right was another witch, but she was sitting so far back on the bench that her face was in shadow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote The accused being present \emdash  finally \emdash  let us begin. Are you ready?\rdblquote  he called down the row.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir,\rdblquote  said an eager voice Harry knew. Ron\rquote s brother Percy was sitting at the very end of the front bench. Harry looked at Percy, ex\-pecting some sign of recognition from him, but none came. Percy\rquote s eyes, behind his horn-rimmed glasses, were fixed on his parchment, a quill poised in his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Disciplinary hearing of the twelfth of August,\rdblquote  said Fudge in a ringing voice, and Percy began taking notes at once, \ldblquote into offenses committed under the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Un\-derage Sorcery and the International Statute of Secrecy by Harry James Potter, resident at number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Interrogators: Cornelius Oswald Fudge, Minister of Magic; Amelia Susan Bones, Head of the Department of Magical Law En\-forcement; Dolores Jane Umbridge, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister. Court Scribe, Percy Ignatius Weasley \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  Witness for the defense, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumble\-dore,\rdblquote  said a quiet voice from behind Harry, who turned his head so fast he cricked his neck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore was striding serenely across the room wearing long midnight-blue robes and a perfectly calm expression. His long silver beard and hair gleamed in the torchlight as he drew level with Harry and looked up at Fudge through the half-moon spectacles that rested halfway down his very crooked nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The members of the Wizengamot were muttering. All eyes were now on Dumbledore. Some looked annoyed, others slightly fright\-ened; two elderly witches in the back row, however, raised their hands and waved in welcome.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A powerful emotion had risen in Harry\rquote s chest at the sight of Dum\-bledore, a fortified, hopeful feeling rather like that which phoenix song gave him. He wanted to catch Dumbledore\rquote s eye, but Dumble\-dore was not looking his way; he was continuing to look up at the obviously flustered Fudge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Fudge, who looked thoroughly disconcerted. \ldblquote Dumble\-dore. Yes. You \emdash  er \emdash  got our \emdash  er \emdash  message that the time and \emdash  er \emdash  place of the hearing had been changed, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I must have missed it,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore cheerfully. \ldblquote However, due to a lucky mistake I arrived at the Ministry three hours early, so no harm done.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \emdash  well \emdash  I suppose we\rquote ll need another chair \emdash  I \emdash  Weasley, could you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not to worry, not to worry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore pleasantly; he took out his wand, gave it a little flick, and a squashy chintz armchair ap\-peared out of nowhere next to Harry. Dumbledore sat down, put the tips of his long fingers together, and looked at Fudge over them with an expression of polite interest. The Wizengamot was still muttering\lang3081  \lang1033 and fidgeting restlessly; only when Fudge spoke again did they settle down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Fudge again, shuffling his notes. \ldblquote Well, then. So. The charges. Yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He extricated a piece of parchment from the pile before him, took a deep breath, and read, \ldblquote The charges against the accused are as fol\-lows: That he did knowingly, deliberately, and in full awareness of the illegality of his actions, having received a previous written warning from the Ministry of Magic on a similar charge, produce a Patronus Charm in a Muggle-inhabited area, in the presence of a Muggle, on August the second at twenty-three minutes past nine, which consti\-tutes an offense under paragraph C of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, 1875, and also under section thir\-teen of the International Confederation of Wizards\rquote  Statute of Secrecy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are Harry James Potter, of number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey?\rdblquote  Fudge said, glaring at Harry over the top of his parchment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You received an official warning from the Ministry for using ille\-gal magic three years ago, did you not?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And yet you conjured a Patronus on the night of the second of August?\rdblquote  said Fudge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Knowing that you are not permitted to use magic outside school while you are under the age of seventeen?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Knowing that you were in an area full of Muggles?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fully aware that you were in close proximity to a Muggle at the time?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Yes,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry angrily, \ldblquote but I only used it because we were \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The witch with the monocle on Fudge\rquote s left cut across him in a booming voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You produced a fully fledged Patronus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote because \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A corporeal Patronus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A \emdash  what?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your Patronus had a clearly defined form? I mean to say, it was more than vapor or smoke?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, feeling both impatient and slightly desperate, \ldblquote it\rquote s a stag, it\rquote s always a stag.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Always?\rdblquote  boomed Madam Bones. \ldblquote You have produced a Patronus before now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Yes,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote I\rquote ve been doing it for over a year \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you are fifteen years old?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You learned this at school?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Professor Lupin taught me in my third year, because of the \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Impressive,\rdblquote  said Madam Bones, staring down at him, \ldblquote a true Patronus at that age \'85 very impressive indeed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Some of the wizards and witches around her were muttering again; a few nodded, but others were frowning and shaking their heads.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not a question of how impressive the magic was,\rdblquote  said Fudge in a testy voice. \ldblquote In fact, the more impressive the worse it is, I would have thought, given that the boy did it in plain view of a Muggle!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Those who had been frowning now murmured in agreement, but it was the sight of Percy\rquote s sanctimonious little nod that goaded Harry into speech.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did it because of the dementors!\rdblquote  he said loudly, before anyone could interrupt him again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had expected more muttering, but the silence that fell seemed to be somehow denser than before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dementors?\rdblquote  said Madam Bones after a moment, raising her thick\lang3081  \lang1033 eyebrows so that her monocle looked in danger of falling out. \ldblquote What do you mean, boy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I mean there were two dementors down that alleyway and they went for me and my cousin!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Fudge again, smirking unpleasantly as he looked around at the Wizengamot, as though inviting them to share the joke. \ldblquote Yes. Yes, I thought we\rquote d be hearing something like this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dementors in Little Whinging?\rdblquote  Madam Bones said in tones of great surprise. \ldblquote I don\rquote t understand \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you, Amelia?\rdblquote  said Fudge, still smirking. \ldblquote Let me explain. He\rquote s been thinking it through and decided dementors would make a very nice little cover story, very nice indeed. Muggles can\rquote t see demen\-tors, can they, boy? Highly convenient, highly convenient\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 so it\rquote s just your word and no witnesses. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not lying!\rdblquote  said Harry loudly, over another outbreak of mut\-tering from the court. \ldblquote There were two of them, coming from oppo\-site ends of the alley, everything went dark and cold and my cousin felt them and ran for it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Enough, enough!\rdblquote  said Fudge with a very supercilious look on his face. \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry to interrupt what I\rquote m sure would have been a very well-rehearsed story \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore cleared his throat. The Wizengamot fell silent again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We do, in fact, have a witness to the presence of dementors in that alleyway,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote other than Dudley Dursley, I mean.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge\rquote s plump face seemed to slacken, as though somebody had let air out of it. He stared down at Dumbledore for a moment or two, then, with the appearance of a man pulling himself back together, said, \ldblquote We haven\rquote t got time to listen to more taradiddles, I\rquote m afraid, Dumbledore. I want this dealt with quickly \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I may be wrong,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore pleasantly, \ldblquote but I am sure that under the Wizengamot Charter of Rights, the accused has the right to\lang3081  \lang1033 present witnesses for his or her case? Isn\rquote t that the policy of the De\-partment of Magical Law Enforcement, Madam Bones?\rdblquote  he contin\-ued, addressing the witch in the monocle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote True,\rdblquote  said Madam Bones. \ldblquote Perfectly true.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, very well, very well,\rdblquote  snapped Fudge. \ldblquote Where is this person?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I brought her with me,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote She\rquote s just outside the door. Should I \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  Weasley, you go,\rdblquote  Fudge barked at Percy, who got up at once, hurried down the stone steps from the judge\rquote s balcony, and has\-tened past Dumbledore and Harry without glancing at them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A moment later, Percy returned, followed by Mrs. Figg. She looked scared and more batty than ever. Harry wished she had thought to change out of her carpet slippers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore stood up and gave Mrs. Figg his chair, conjuring a second one for himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Full name?\rdblquote  said Fudge loudly, when Mrs. Figg had perched her\-self nervously on the very edge of her seat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arabella Doreen Figg,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg in her quavery voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And who exactly are you?\rdblquote  said Fudge, in a bored and lofty voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m a resident of Little Whinging, close to where Harry Potter lives,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We have no record of any witch or wizard living in Little Whing\-ing other than Harry Potter,\rdblquote  said Madam Bones at once. \ldblquote That situ\-ation has always been closely monitored, given \'85 given past events.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m a Squib,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg. \ldblquote So you wouldn\rquote t have me registered, would you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A Squib, eh?\rdblquote  said Fudge, eyeing her suspiciously. \ldblquote We\rquote ll be check\-ing that. You\rquote ll leave details of your parentage with my assistant, Weasley. Incidentally, can Squibs see dementors?\rdblquote  he added, looking left and right along the bench where he sat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, we can!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg indignantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge looked back down at her, his eyebrows raised. \ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  he said coolly. \ldblquote What is your story?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had gone out to buy cat food from the corner shop at the end of Wisteria Walk, shortly after nine on the evening of the second of August,\rdblquote  gabbled Mrs. Figg at once, as though she had learned what she was saying by heart, \ldblquote when I heard a disturbance down the alley\-way between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria Walk. On approaching the mouth of the alleyway I saw dementors running \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Running?\rdblquote  said Madam Bones sharply. \ldblquote Dementors don\rquote t run, they glide.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s what I meant to say,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg quickly, patches of pink appearing in her withered cheeks. \ldblquote Gliding along the alley to\-ward what looked like two boys.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did they look like?\rdblquote  said Madam Bones, narrowing her eyes so that the monocle\rquote s edges disappeared into her flesh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, one was very large and the other one rather skinny \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no,\rdblquote  said Madam Bones impatiently, \ldblquote the dementors \'85 de\-scribe them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg, the pink flush creeping up her neck now. \ldblquote They were big. Big and wearing cloaks.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a horrible sinking in the pit of his stomach. Whatever Mrs. Figg said to the contrary, it sounded to him as though the most she had ever seen was a picture of a dementor, and a picture could never convey the truth of what these beings were like: the eerie way they moved, hovering inches over the ground, or the rotting smell of them, or that terrible, rattling noise they made as they sucked on the surrounding air \'85 A dumpy wizard with a large black mustache in the second row leaned close to his neighbor, a frizzy-haired witch, and whispered something in her ear. She smirked and nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Big and wearing cloaks,\rdblquote  repeated Madam Bones coolly, while Fudge snorted derisively. \ldblquote I see. Anything else?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg. \ldblquote I felt them. Everything went cold, and this was a very warm summer\rquote s night, mark you. And I felt\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 as though all happiness had gone from the world \'85 and I remembered \'85 dreadful things. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her voice shook and died.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Bones\rquote  eyes widened slightly. Harry could see red marks under her eyebrow where the monocle had dug into it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did the dementors do?\rdblquote  she asked, and Harry felt a rush of hope.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They went for the boys,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Figg, her voice stronger and more confident now, the pink flush ebbing away from her face. \ldblquote One of them had fallen. The other was backing away, trying to repel the dementor. That was Harry. He tried twice and produced silver vapor. On the third attempt, he produced a Patronus, which charged down the first dementor and then, with his encouragement, chased away the second from his cousin. And that\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 that was what happened,\rdblquote  Mrs. Figg finished, somewhat lamely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Bones looked down at Mrs. Figg in silence; Fudge was not looking at her at all, but fidgeting with his papers. Finally he raised his eyes and said, rather aggressively \ldblquote That\rquote s what you saw, is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was what happened,\rdblquote  Mrs. Figg repeated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote You may go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Figg cast a frightened look from Fudge to Dumbledore, then got up and shuffled off toward the door again. Harry heard it thud shut behind her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not a very convincing witness,\rdblquote  said Fudge loftily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Madam Bones in her booming voice. \ldblquote She certainly described the effects of a dementor attack very accurately. And I can\rquote t imagine why she would say they were there if they weren\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But dementors wandering into a Muggle suburb and just \i happening\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 to come across a wizard?\rdblquote  snorted Fudge. \ldblquote The odds on that must be very, very long, even Bagman wouldn\rquote t have bet \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I don\rquote t think any of us believe the dementors were there by coincidence,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore lightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The witch sitting to the right of Fudge with her face in shadow moved slightly, but everyone else was quite still and silent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what is that supposed to mean?\rdblquote  asked Fudge icily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It means that I think they were ordered there,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we might have a record of it if someone had ordered a pair of dementors to go strolling through Little Whinging!\rdblquote  barked Fudge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not if the dementors are taking orders from someone other than the Ministry of Magic these days,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly. \ldblquote I have already given you my views on this matter, Cornelius.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, you have,\rdblquote  said Fudge forcefully, \ldblquote and I have no reason to be\-lieve that your views are anything other than bilge, Dumbledore. The dementors remain in place in Azkaban and are doing everything we ask them to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, quietly but clearly, \ldblquote we must ask our\-selves why somebody within the Ministry ordered a pair of dementors into that alleyway on the second of August.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In the complete silence that greeted these words, the witch to the right of Fudge leaned forward so that Harry saw her for the first time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He thought she looked just like a large, pale toad. She was rather squat with a broad, flabby face, as little neck as Uncle Vernon, and a very wide, slack mouth. Her eyes were large, round, and slightly bulging. Even the little black velvet bow perched on top of her short curly hair put him in mind of a large fly she was about to catch on a long sticky tongue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Chair recognizes Dolores Jane Umbridge, Senior Undersecre\-tary to the Minister,\rdblquote  said Fudge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The witch spoke in a fluttery, girlish, high-pitched voice that took Harry aback; he had been expecting a croak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sure I must have misunderstood you, Professor Dumbledore,\rdblquote  she said with a simper that left her big, round eyes as cold as ever. \ldblquote So silly of me. But it sounded for a teensy moment as though you were sug\-gesting that the Ministry of Magic had ordered an attack on this boy!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She gave a silvery laugh that made the hairs on the back of Harry\rquote s neck stand up. A few other members of the Wizengamot laughed with her. It could not have been plainer that not one of them was really amused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If it is true that the dementors are taking orders only from the Min\-istry of Magic, and it is also true that two dementors attacked Harry and his cousin a week ago, then it follows logically that somebody at the Ministry might have ordered the attacks,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore po\-litely. \ldblquote Of course, these particular dementors may have been outside Ministry control \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are no dementors outside Ministry control!\rdblquote  snapped Fudge, who had turned brick red.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore inclined his head in a little bow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then undoubtedly the Ministry will be making a full inquiry into why two dementors were so very far from Azkaban and why they at\-tacked without authorization.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is not for you to decide what the Ministry of Magic does or does not do, Dumbledore!\rdblquote  snapped Fudge, now a shade of magenta of which Uncle Vernon would have been proud.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course it isn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore mildly. \ldblquote I was merely ex\-pressing my confidence that this matter will not go uninvestigated.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He glanced at Madam Bones, who readjusted her monocle and stared back at him, frowning slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would remind everybody that the behavior of these dementors, if indeed they are not figments of this boy\rquote s imagination, is not the subject of this hearing!\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote We are here to examine Harry Potter\rquote s offenses under the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course we are,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote but the presence of demen\-tors in that alleyway is highly relevant. Clause seven of the Decree states that magic may be used before Muggles in exceptional circum\-stances, and as those exceptional circumstances include situations that threaten the life of the wizard or witch himself, or witches, wizards, or Muggles present at the time of the \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We are familiar with clause seven, thank you very much!\rdblquote  snarled Fudge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course you are,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore courteously. \ldblquote Then we are in agreement that Harry\rquote s use of the Patronus Charm in these circum\-stances falls precisely into the category of exceptional circumstances it describes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If there were dementors, which I doubt \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have heard from an eyewitness,\rdblquote  Dumbledore interrupted. \ldblquote If you still doubt her truthfulness, call her back, question her again. I am sure she would not object.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  that \emdash  not \emdash\rdblquote  blustered Fudge, fiddling with the papers be\-fore him. \ldblquote It\rquote s \emdash  I want this over with today, Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But naturally, you would not care how many times you heard from a witness, if the alternative was a serious miscarriage of justice,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Serious miscarriage, my hat!\rdblquote  said Fudge at the top of his voice. \ldblquote Have you ever bothered to tot up the number of cock-and-bull sto\-ries this boy has come out with, Dumbledore, while trying to cover up his flagrant misuse of magic out of school? I suppose you\rquote ve forgotten the Hover Charm he used three years ago \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That wasn\rquote t me, it was a house-elf!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote YOU SEE?\rdblquote  roared Fudge, gesturing flamboyantly in Harry\rquote s di\-rection. \ldblquote A house-elf! In a Muggle house! I ask you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The house-elf in question is currently in the employ of Hogwarts School,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I can summon him here in an instant to give evidence if you wish.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  not \emdash  I haven\rquote t got time to listen to house-elves! Anyway, that\rquote s not the only \emdash  he blew up his aunt, for God\rquote s sake!\rdblquote  Fudge shouted, banging his fist on the judge\rquote s bench and upsetting a bottle of ink.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you very kindly did not press charges on that occasion, ac\-cepting, I presume, that even the best wizards cannot always control their emotions,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly, as Fudge attempted to scrub the ink off his notes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And I haven\rquote t even started on what he gets up to at school \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  but as the Ministry has no authority to punish Hogwarts students for misdemeanors at school, Harry\rquote s behavior there is not rel\-evant to this inquiry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, politely as ever, but now with a suggestion of coolness behind his words.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oho!\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote Not our business what he does at school, eh? You think so?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Ministry does not have the power to expel Hogwarts stu\-dents, Cornelius, as I reminded you on the night of the second of August,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Nor does it have the right to confiscate wands until charges have been successfully proven, again, as I re\-minded you on the night of the second of August. In your admirable haste to ensure that the law is upheld, you appear, inadvertently I am sure, to have overlooked a few laws yourself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Laws can be changed,\rdblquote  said Fudge savagely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course they can,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, inclining his head. \ldblquote And you certainly seem to be making many changes, Cornelius. Why, in the few short weeks since I was asked to leave the Wizengamot, it has already become the practice to hold a full criminal trial to deal with a simple matter of underage magic!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few of the wizards above them shifted uncomfortably in their seats. Fudge turned a slightly deeper shade of puce. The toadlike witch on his right, however, merely gazed at Dumbledore, her face quite expressionless.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As far as I am aware, however,\rdblquote  Dumbledore continued, \ldblquote there is no law yet in place that says this court\rquote s job is to punish Harry for every bit of magic he has ever performed. He has been charged with a specific offense and he has presented his defense. All he and I can do now is to await your verdict.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore put his fingertips together again and said no more. Fudge glared at him, evidently incensed. Harry glanced sideways at Dumbledore, seeking reassurance; he was not at all sure that Dumble\-dore was right in telling the Wizengamot, in effect, that it was about time they made a decision. Again, however, Dumbledore seemed oblivious to Harry\rquote s attempt to catch his eye. He continued to look up at the benches where the entire Wizengamot had fallen into urgent, whispered conversations.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at his feet. His heart, which seemed to have swollen to an unnatural size, was thumping loudly under his ribs. He had ex\-pected the hearing to last longer than this. He was not at all sure that he had made a good impression. He had not really said very much. He ought to have explained more fully about the dementors, about how he had fallen over, about how both he and Dudley had nearly been kissed. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Twice he looked up at Fudge and opened his mouth to speak, but his swollen heart was now constricting his air passages and both times he merely took a deep breath and looked back at his shoes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then the whispering stopped. Harry wanted to look up at the judges, but found that it was really much, much easier to keep exam\-ining his laces.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Those in favor of clearing the accused of all charges?\rdblquote  said Madam Bones\rquote s booming voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s head jerked upward. There were hands in the air, many of them \'85 more than half! Breathing very fast, he tried to count, but before he could finish Madam Bones had said, \ldblquote And those in favor of conviction?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge raised his hand; so did half a dozen others, including the witch on his right and the heavily mustached wizard and the frizzy-haired witch in the second row.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge glanced around at them all, looking as though there was something large stuck in his throat, then lowered his own hand. He took two deep breaths and then said, in a voice distorted by sup\-pressed rage, \ldblquote Very well, very well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 cleared of all charges.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore briskly, springing to his feet, pulling out his wand, and causing the two chintz armchairs to vanish. \ldblquote Well, I must be getting along. Good day to you all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And without looking once at Harry, he swept from the dungeon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 9\par
\pard\qc The Woes of Mrs. Weasley\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Dumbledore\rquote s abrupt departure took Harry completely by sur\-prise. He remained sitting where he was in the chained chair, struggling with his feelings of shock and relief. The Wizengamot were all getting to their feet, talking, and gathering up their papers and packing them away. Harry stood up. Nobody seemed to be paying him the slightest bit of attention except the toadlike witch on Fudge\rquote s right, who was now gazing down at him instead of at Dumbledore. Ig\-noring her, he tried to catch Fudge\rquote s eye, or Madam Bones\rquote s, wanting to ask whether he was free to go, but Fudge seemed quite determined not to notice Harry, and Madam Bones was busy with her briefcase, so he took a few tentative steps toward the exit and when nobody called him back, broke into a very fast walk.\par
He took the last few steps at a run, wrenched open the door, and al\-most collided with Mr. Weasley, who was standing right outside, looking pale and apprehensive.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore didn\rquote t say \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cleared,\rdblquote  Harry said, pulling the door closed behind him, \ldblquote of all charges!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Beaming, Mr. Weasley seized Harry by the shoulders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, that\rquote s wonderful! Well, of course, they couldn\rquote t have found you guilty, not on the evidence, but even so, I can\rquote t pretend I wasn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Mr. Weasley broke off, because the courtroom door had just opened again. The Wizengamot were filing out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Merlin\rquote s beard,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley wonderingly, pulling Harry aside to let them all pass, \ldblquote you were tried by the full court?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think so,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One or two of the passing wizards nodded to Harry as they passed and a few, including Madam Bones, said, \ldblquote Morning, Arthur,\rdblquote  to Mr. Weasley, but most averted their eyes. Cornelius Fudge and the toad\-like witch were almost the last to leave the dungeon. Fudge acted as though Mr. Weasley and Harry were part of the wall, but again, the witch looked almost appraisingly at Harry as she passed. Last of all to pass was Percy. Like Fudge, he completely ignored his father and Harry; he marched past clutching a large roll of parchment and a handful of spare quills, his back rigid and his nose in the air. The lines around Mr. Weasley\rquote s mouth tightened slightly, but other than this he gave no sign that he had noticed his third son.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to take you straight back so you can tell the others the good news,\rdblquote  he said, beckoning Harry forward as Percy\rquote s heels disap\-peared up the stairs to the ninth level. I\rquote ll drop you off on the way to that toilet in Bethnal Green. Come on. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what will you have to do about the toilet?\rdblquote  Harry asked, grin\-ning. Everything suddenly seemed five times funnier than usual. It was starting to sink in: He was cleared, \i he was going back to Hogwarts.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s a simple enough anti-jinx,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley as they mounted the stairs, \ldblquote but it\rquote s not so much having to repair the damage, it\rquote s more the attitude behind the vandalism, Harry. Muggle-baiting might strike some wizards as funny, but it\rquote s an expression of some\-thing much deeper and nastier, and I for one \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley broke off in mid-sentence. They had just reached the ninth-level corridor, and Cornelius Fudge was standing a few feet away from them, talking quietly to a tall man with sleek blond hair and a pointed, pale face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The second man turned at the sound of their footsteps. He too broke off in mid-conversation, his cold gray eyes narrowed and fixed upon Harry\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, well, well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Patronus Potter,\rdblquote  said Lucius Malfoy coolly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt winded, as though he had just walked into something heavy. He had last seen those cool gray eyes through slits in a Death Eater\rquote s hood, and last heard that man\rquote s voice jeering in a dark grave\-yard while Lord Voldemort tortured him. He could not believe that Lucius Malfoy dared look him in the face; he could not believe that he was here, in the Ministry of Magic, or that Cornelius Fudge was talk\-ing to him, when Harry had told Fudge mere weeks ago that Malfoy was a Death Eater.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Minister was just telling me about your lucky escape, Potter,\rdblquote  drawled Mr. Malfoy. \ldblquote Quite astonishing, the way you continue to wriggle out of very tight holes. \'85 \i Snakelike,\i0  in fact\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley gripped Harry\rquote s shoulder in warning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote yeah, I\rquote m good at escaping. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lucius Malfoy raised his eyes to Mr. Weasley\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Arthur Weasley too! What are you doing here, Arthur?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I work here,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley shortly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not \i here,\i0  surely?\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy, raising his eyebrows and glanc\-ing toward the door over Mr. Weasley\rquote s shoulder. \ldblquote I thought you were up on the second floor. \'85 Don\rquote t you do something that involves sneaking Muggle artifacts home and bewitching them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley curtly, his fingers now biting into Harry\rquote s shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are \i you\i0  doing here anyway?\rdblquote  Harry asked Lucius Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think private matters between myself and the Minister are any concern of yours, Potter,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, smoothing the front of his\lang3081  \lang1033 robes; Harry distinctly heard the gentle clinking of what sounded like a full pocket of gold. \ldblquote Really, just because you are Dumbledore\rquote s fa\-vorite boy, you must not expect the same indulgence from the rest of us. \'85 Shall we go up to your office, then, Minister?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly,\rdblquote  said Fudge, turning his back on Harry and Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote This way, Lucius.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They strode off together, talking in low voices. Mr. Weasley did not let go of Harry\rquote s shoulder until they had disappeared into the lift.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why wasn\rquote t he waiting outside Fudge\rquote s office if they\rquote ve got busi\-ness to do together?\rdblquote  Harry burst out furiously. \ldblquote What was he doing down here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Trying to sneak down to the courtroom, if you ask me,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, looking extremely agitated as he glanced over his shoulder as though making sure they could not be overheard. \ldblquote Trying to find out whether you\rquote d been expelled or not. I\rquote ll leave a note for Dumbledore when I drop you off, he ought to know Malfoy\rquote s been talking to Fudge again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What private business have they got together anyway?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gold, I expect,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley angrily. \ldblquote Malfoy\rquote s been giving generously to all sorts of things for years. \'85 Gets him in with the right people \'85 then he can ask favors \'85 delay laws he doesn\rquote t want passed \'85 Oh, he\rquote s very well connected, Lucius Malfoy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The lift arrived; it was empty except for a flock of memos that flapped around Mr. Weasley\rquote s head as he pressed the button for the Atrium and the doors clanged shut; he waved them away irritably.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Weasley,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly, \ldblquote if Fudge is meeting Death Eaters like Malfoy, if he\rquote s seeing them alone, how do we know they haven\rquote t put the Imperius Curse on him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t think it hadn\rquote t occurred to us, Harry,\rdblquote  muttered Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote But Dumbledore thinks Fudge is acting of his own accord at the moment \emdash  which, as Dumbledore says, is not a lot of comfort. \'85 Best not talk about it anymore just now, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The doors slid open and they stepped out into the now almost-deserted Atrium. Eric the security man was hidden behind his \i Daily Prophet\i0  again. They had walked straight past the golden fountain be\-fore Harry remembered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait. \'85\rdblquote  he told Mr. Weasley, and pulling his money bag from his pocket, he turned back to the fountain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked up into the handsome wizard\rquote s face, but up close, Harry thought he looked rather weak and foolish. The witch was wearing a vapid smile like a beauty contestant, and from what Harry knew of goblins and centaurs, they were most unlikely to be caught staring this soppily at humans of any description. Only the house-elf\rquote s attitude of creeping servility looked convincing. With a grin at the thought of what Hermione would say if she could see the statue of the elf, Harry turned his money bag upside down and emptied not just ten Galleons, but the whole contents into the pool at the statues\rquote  feet.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew it!\rdblquote  yelled Ron, punching the air. \ldblquote You always get away with stuff!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They were bound to clear you,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who had looked positively faint with anxiety when Harry had entered the kitchen and was now holding a shaking hand over her eyes. \ldblquote There was no case against you, none at all. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everyone seems quite relieved, though, considering they all knew I\rquote d get off,\rdblquote  said Harry, smiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley was wiping her face on her apron, and Fred, George, and Ginny were doing a kind of war dance to a chant that went \ldblquote\i He got off, he got off, he got off\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s enough, settle down!\rdblquote  shouted Mr. Weasley, though he too was smiling. \ldblquote Listen, Sirius, Lucius Malfoy was at the Ministry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Sirius sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i He got off, he got off, he got off\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Be quiet, you three! Yes, we saw him talking to Fudge on level\lang3081  \lang1033 nine, then they went up to Fudge\rquote s office together. Dumbledore ought to know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Absolutely,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote We\rquote ll tell him, don\rquote t worry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote d better get going, there\rquote s a vomiting toilet in Bethnal Green waiting for me. Molly, I\rquote ll be late, I\rquote m covering for Tonks, but Kingsley might be dropping in for dinner \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i He got off, he got off, he got off\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s enough \emdash  Fred \emdash  George \emdash  Ginny!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, as Mr. Weasley left the kitchen. \ldblquote Harry dear, come and sit down, have some lunch, you hardly ate breakfast. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione sat themselves down opposite him looking happier than they had done since he had first arrived at number twelve, Grimmauld Place, and Harry\rquote s feeling of giddy relief, which had been somewhat dented by his encounter with Lucius Malfoy, swelled again. The gloomy house seemed warmer and more welcom\-ing all of a sudden; even Kreacher looked less ugly as he poked his snoutlike nose into the kitchen to investigate the source of all the noise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course, once Dumbledore turned up on your side, there was no way they were going to convict you,\rdblquote  said Ron happily, now dishing great mounds of mashed potatoes onto everyone\rquote s plates.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, he swung it for me,\rdblquote  said Harry. He felt that it would sound highly ungrateful, not to mention childish, to say, \ldblquote I wish he\rquote d talked to me, though. Or even \i looked\i0  at me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And as he thought this, the scar on his forehead burned so badly that he clapped his hand to it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s up?\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking alarmed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Scar,\rdblquote  Harry mumbled. \ldblquote But it\rquote s nothing. \'85 It happens all the time now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 None of the others had noticed a thing; all of them were now help\-ing themselves to food while gloating over Harry\rquote s narrow escape; Fred, George, and Ginny were still singing. Hermione looked rather\lang3081  \lang1033 anxious, but before she could say anything, Ron said happily, \ldblquote I bet Dumbledore turns up this evening to celebrate with us, you know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think he\rquote ll be able to, Ron,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, setting a huge plate of roast chicken down in front of Harry. \ldblquote He\rquote s really very busy at the moment.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i HE GOT OFF, HE GOT OFF, HE GOT OFF\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SHUT UP!\rdblquote  roared Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Over the next few days Harry could not help noticing that there was one person within number twelve, Grimmauld Place, who did not seem wholly overjoyed that he would be returning to Hogwarts. Sir\-ius had put up a very good show of happiness on first hearing the news, wringing Harry\rquote s hand and beaming just like the rest of them; soon, however, he was moodier and surlier than before, talking less to everybody, even Harry, and spending increasing amounts of time shut up in his mother\rquote s room with Buckbeak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you go feeling guilty!\rdblquote  said Hermione sternly, after Harry had confided some of his feelings to her and Ron while they scrubbed out a moldy cupboard on the third floor a few days later. \ldblquote You belong at Hogwarts and Sirius knows it. Personally, I think he\rquote s being selfish.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s a bit harsh, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron, frowning as he at\-tempted to prize off a bit of mold that had attached itself firmly to his finger, \ldblquote you wouldn\rquote t want to be stuck inside this house without company.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote ll have company!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote It\rquote s headquarters to the Order of the Phoenix, isn\rquote t it? He just got his hopes up that Harry would be coming to live here with him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think that\rquote s true,\rdblquote  said Harry, wringing out his cloth. \ldblquote He wouldn\rquote t give me a straight answer when I asked him if I could.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He just didn\rquote t want to get his own hopes up even more,\rdblquote  said Hermione wisely. \ldblquote And he probably felt a bit guilty himself, because I\lang3081  \lang1033 think a part of him was really hoping you\rquote d be expelled. Then you\rquote d both be outcasts together.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come off it!\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron together, but Hermione merely shrugged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Suit yourselves. But I sometimes think Ron\rquote s mum\rquote s right, and Sir\-ius gets confused about whether you\rquote re you or your father, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you think he\rquote s touched in the head?\rdblquote  said Harry heatedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I just think he\rquote s been very lonely for a long time,\rdblquote  said Hermione simply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At this point Mrs. Weasley entered the bedroom behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Still not finished?\rdblquote  she said, poking her head into the cupboard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you might be here to tell us to have a break!\rdblquote  said Ron bitterly. \ldblquote D\rquote you know how much mold we\rquote ve got rid of since we ar\-rived here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were so keen to help the Order,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, \ldblquote you can do your bit by making headquarters fit to live in.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I feel like a house-elf,\rdblquote  grumbled Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, now that you understand what dreadful lives they lead, per\-haps you\rquote ll be a bit more active in S.P.E.W.!\rdblquote  said Hermione hopefully, as Mrs. Weasley left them to it again. \ldblquote You know, maybe it wouldn\rquote t be a bad idea to show people exactly how horrible it is to clean all the time \emdash  we could do a sponsored scrub of Gryffindor common room, all proceeds to S.P.E.W., it would raise awareness as well as funds \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll sponsor you to shut up about \i spew,\i0\rdblquote  Ron muttered irritably, but only so Harry could hear him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry found himself daydreaming about Hogwarts more and more as the end of the holidays approached; he could not wait to see Hagrid again, to play Quidditch, even to stroll across the vegetable patches to the Herbology greenhouses. It would be a treat just to leave this dusty, musty house, where half of the cupboards were still bolted shut and Kreacher wheezed insults out of the shadows as you passed, though Harry was careful not to say any of this within earshot of Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The fact was that living at the headquarters of the anti-Voldemort movement was not nearly as interesting or exciting as Harry would have expected before he\rquote d experienced it. Though members of the Or\-der of the Phoenix came and went regularly, sometimes staying for meals, sometimes only for a few minutes\rquote  whispered conversation, Mrs. Weasley made sure that Harry and the others were kept well out of earshot (whether Extendable or normal) and nobody, not even Sir\-ius, seemed to feel that Harry needed to know anything more than he had heard on the night of his arrival.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On the very last day of the holidays Harry was sweeping up Hed\-wig\rquote s owl droppings from the top of the wardrobe when Ron entered their bedroom carrying a couple of envelopes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Booklists have arrived,\rdblquote  he said, throwing one of the envelopes up to Harry, who was standing on a chair. \ldblquote About time, I thought they\rquote d forgotten, they usually come much earlier than this. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry swept the last of the droppings into a rubbish bag and threw the bag over Ron\rquote s head into the wastepaper basket in the corner, which swallowed it and belched loudly. He then opened his letter: It contained two pieces of parchment, one the usual reminder that term started on the first of September, the other telling him which books he would need for the coming year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only two new ones,\rdblquote  he said, reading the list. \i\ldblquote The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 5, \i0 by Miranda Goshawk and \i Defensive Magical Theory,\i0  by Wilbert Slinkhard.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Crack.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Fred and George Apparated right beside Harry. He was so used to them doing this by now that he didn\rquote t even fall off his chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We were just wondering who assigned the Slinkhard book,\rdblquote  said Fred conversationally.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because it means Dumbledore\rquote s found a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And about time too,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  Harry asked, jumping down beside them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we overheard Mum and Dad talking on the Extendable Ears a few weeks back,\rdblquote  Fred told Harry, \ldblquote and from what they were saying, Dumbledore was having real trouble finding anyone to do the job this year.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not surprising, is it, when you look at what\rquote s happened to the last four?\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One sacked, one dead, one\rquote s memory removed, and one locked in a trunk for nine months,\rdblquote  said Harry, counting them off on his fin\-gers. \ldblquote Yeah, I see what you mean.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s up with you, Ron?\rdblquote  asked Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron did not answer. Harry looked around. Ron was standing very still with his mouth slightly open, gaping at his letter from Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote  said Fred impatiently, moving around Ron to look over his shoulder at the parchment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred\rquote s mouth fell open too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Prefect?\rdblquote  he said, staring incredulously at the letter. \ldblquote\i Prefect\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 George leapt forward, seized the envelope in Ron\rquote s other hand, and turned it upside down. Harry saw something scarlet and gold fall into George\rquote s palm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No way,\rdblquote  said George in a hushed voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s been a mistake,\rdblquote  said Fred, snatching the letter out of Ron\rquote s grasp and holding it up to the light as though checking for a wa\-termark. \ldblquote No one in their right mind would make Ron a prefect. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The twins\rquote  heads turned in unison and both of them stared at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We thought you were a cert!\rdblquote  said Fred in a tone that suggested Harry had tricked them in some way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We thought Dumbledore was \i bound\i0  to pick you!\rdblquote  said George indignantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Winning the Triwizard and everything!\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose all the mad stuff must\rquote ve counted against him,\rdblquote  said George to Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Fred slowly. \ldblquote Yeah, you\rquote ve caused too much trouble, mate. Well, at least one of you\rquote s got their priorities right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He strode over to Harry and clapped him on the back while giving Ron a scathing look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Prefect\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 ickle Ronnie the prefect\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Mum\rquote s going to be revolting,\rdblquote  groaned George, thrusting the prefect badge back at Ron as though it might contaminate him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron, who still had not said a word, took the badge, stared at it for a moment, and then held it out to Harry as though asking mutely for confirmation that it was genuine. Harry took it. A large P was super\-imposed on the Gryffindor lion. He had seen a badge just like this on Percy\rquote s chest on his very first day at Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door banged open. Hermione came tearing into the room, her cheeks flushed and her hair flying. There was an envelope in her hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you \emdash  did you get \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She spotted the badge in Harry\rquote s hand and let out a shriek.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew it!\rdblquote  she said excitedly, brandishing her letter. \ldblquote Me too, Harry, me too!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, pushing the badge back into Ron\rquote s hand. \ldblquote It\rquote s Ron, not me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It \emdash  what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron\rquote s prefect, not me,\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Ron\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Hermione, her jaw dropping. \ldblquote But\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 are you sure? I mean \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She turned red as Ron looked around at her with a defiant expres\-sion on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s my name on the letter,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking thoroughly bewildered. \ldblquote I\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well \'85 wow! Well done, Ron! That\rquote s really \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Unexpected,\rdblquote  said George, nodding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Hermione, blushing harder than ever, \ldblquote no, it\rquote s not\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Ron\rquote s done loads of\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 he\rquote s really \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door behind her opened a little wider and Mrs. Weasley backed into the room carrying a pile of freshly laundered robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny said the booklists had come at last,\rdblquote  she said, glancing around at all the envelopes as she made her way over to the bed and started sorting the robes into two piles. \ldblquote If you give them to me I\rquote ll take them over to Diagon Alley this afternoon and get your books while you\rquote re packing. Ron, I\rquote ll have to get you more pajamas, these are at least six inches too short, I can\rquote t believe how fast you\rquote re growing \'85 what color would you like?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get him red and gold to match his badge,\rdblquote  said George, smirking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Match his what?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley absently, rolling up a pair of maroon socks and placing them on Ron\rquote s pile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His \i badge,\i0\rdblquote  said Fred, with the air of getting the worst over quickly. \ldblquote His lovely shiny new \i prefect\rquote s badge.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred\rquote s words took a moment to penetrate Mrs. Weasley\rquote s preoccu\-pation about pajamas.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His \'85 but\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Ron, you\rquote re not\'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron held up his badge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley let out a shriek just like Hermione\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe it! I don\rquote t believe it! Oh, Ron, how wonderful! A prefect! That\rquote s everyone in the family!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are Fred and I, next-door neighbors?\rdblquote  said George indig\-nantly, as his mother pushed him aside and flung her arms around her youngest son.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait until your father hears! Ron, I\rquote m so proud of you, what won\-derful news, you could end up Head Boy just like Bill and Percy, it\rquote s the first step! Oh, what a thing to happen in the middle of all this worry, I\rquote m just thrilled, oh \i Ronnie\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George were both making loud retching noises behind\lang3081  \lang1033 her back but Mrs. Weasley did not notice; arms tight around Ron\rquote s neck, she was kissing him all over his face, which had turned a brighter scarlet than his badge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum \'85 don\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Mum, get a grip. \'85\rdblquote  he muttered, trying to push her away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She let go of him and said breathlessly, \ldblquote Well, what will it be? We gave Percy an owl, but you\rquote ve already got one, of course.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote W-what do you mean?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking as though he did not dare believe his ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve got to have a reward for this!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley fondly. \ldblquote How about a nice new set of dress robes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve already bought him some,\rdblquote  said Fred sourly, who looked as though he sincerely regretted this generosity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or a new cauldron, Charlie\rquote s old one\rquote s rusting through, or a new rat, you always liked Scabbers \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum,\rdblquote  said Ron hopefully, \ldblquote can I have a new broom?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley\rquote s face fell slightly; broomsticks were expensive.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not a really good one!\rdblquote  Ron hastened to add. \ldblquote Just \emdash  just a new one for a change \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley hesitated, then smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of \i course\i0  you can. \'85 Well, I\rquote d better get going if I\rquote ve got a broom to buy too. I\rquote ll see you all later. \'85 Little Ronnie, a prefect! And don\rquote t forget to pack your trunks. \'85 A prefect\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Oh, I\rquote m all of a dither!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She gave Ron yet another kiss on the cheek, sniffed loudly, and bus\-tled from the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George exchanged looks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t mind if we don\rquote t kiss you, do you, Ron?\rdblquote  said Fred in a falsely anxious voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We could curtsy, if you like,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, shut up,\rdblquote  said Ron, scowling at them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or what?\rdblquote  said Fred, an evil grin spreading across his face. \ldblquote Going to put us in detention?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d love to see him try,\rdblquote  sniggered George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He could if you don\rquote t watch out!\rdblquote  said Hermione angrily, at which Fred and George burst out laughing and Ron muttered, \ldblquote Drop it, Hermione.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re going to have to watch our step, George,\rdblquote  said Fred, pre\-tending to tremble, \ldblquote with these two on our case. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it looks like our law-breaking days are finally over,\rdblquote  said George, shaking his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And with another loud \i crack,\i0  the twins Disapparated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Those two!\rdblquote  said Hermione furiously, staring up at the ceiling, through which they could now hear Fred and George roaring with laughter in the room upstairs. \ldblquote Don\rquote t pay any attention to them, Ron, they\rquote re only jealous!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think they are,\rdblquote  said Ron doubtfully, also looking up at the ceiling. \ldblquote They\rquote ve always said only prats become prefects. \'85 Still,\rdblquote  he added on a happier note, \ldblquote they\rquote ve never had new brooms! I wish I could go with Mum and choose. \'85 She\rquote ll never be able to afford a Nimbus, but there\rquote s the new Cleansweep out, that\rquote d be great. \'85 Yeah, I think I\rquote ll go and tell her I like the Cleansweep, just so she knows. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He dashed from the room, leaving Harry and Hermione alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For some reason, Harry found that he did not want to look at Hermione. He turned to his bed, picked up the pile of clean robes Mrs. Weasley had laid upon it, and crossed the room to his trunk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  said Hermione tentatively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well done,\rdblquote  said Harry, so heartily it did not sound like his voice at all, and still not looking at her. \ldblquote Brilliant. Prefect. Great.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Erm \emdash  Harry \emdash  could I borrow Hedwig so I can tell Mum and Dad? They\rquote ll be really pleased \emdash  I mean, prefect is something they can understand \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, no problem,\rdblquote  said Harry, still in the horrible hearty voice that did not belong to him. \ldblquote Take her!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He leaned over his trunk, laid the robes on the bottom of it, and pre\-tended to be rummaging for something while Hermione crossed to the wardrobe and called Hedwig down. A few moments passed; Harry heard the door close but remained bent double, listening; the only sounds he could hear were the blank picture on the wall sniggering again and the wastepaper basket in the corner coughing up the owl droppings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He straightened up and looked behind him. Hermione and Hed\-wig had gone. Harry returned slowly to his bed and sank onto it, gaz\-ing unseeingly at the foot of the wardrobe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had forgotten completely about prefects being chosen in the fifth year. He had been too anxious about the possibility of being ex\-pelled to spare a thought for the fact that badges must be winging their way toward certain people. But if he \i had\i0  remembered \'85 if he \i had\i0  thought about it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 what would he have expected?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Not this,\i0  said a small and truthful voice inside his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry screwed up his face and buried it in his hands. He could not lie to himself; if he had known the prefect badge was on its way, he would have expected it to come to him, not Ron. Did this make him as arrogant as Draco Malfoy? Did he think himself superior to every\-one else? Did he really believe he was \i better\i0  than Ron?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i No,\i0  said the small voice defiantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Was that true? Harry wondered, anxiously probing his own feelings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I\rquote m better at Quidditch,\i0  said the voice. \i But I\rquote m not better at anything else.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 That was definitely true, Harry thought; he was no better than Ron in lessons. But what about outside lessons? What about those adven\-tures he, Ron, and Hermione had had together since they had started at Hogwarts, often risking much worse than expulsion?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Well, Ron and Hermione were with me most of the time,\i0  said the voice in Harry\rquote s head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Not all the time, though, \i0 Harry argued with himself. \i They didn\rquote t fight\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i Quirrell with me. They didn\rquote t take on Riddle and the basilisk. They didn\rquote t get rid of all those dementors the night Sirius escaped. They weren\rquote t in that graveyard with me, the night Voldemort returned. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 And the same feeling of ill usage that had overwhelmed him on the night he had arrived rose again. \i I\rquote ve definitely done more\i0 ,\i  \i0 Harry thought indignantly. \i I\rquote ve done more than either of them\i0 !\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i But maybe\i0 , said the small voice fairly, \i maybe Dumbledore doesn\rquote t choose prefects because they\rquote ve got themselves into a load of dangerous situ\-ations. \'85 Maybe he chooses them for other reasons. \'85 Ron must have something you don\rquote t. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Harry opened his eyes and stared through his fingers at the ward\-robe\rquote s clawed feet, remembering what Fred had said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one in their right mind would make Ron a prefect. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry gave a small snort of laughter. A second later he felt sickened with himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had not asked Dumbledore to give him the prefect badge. This was not Ron\rquote s fault. Was he, Harry, Ron\rquote s best friend in the world, going to sulk because he didn\rquote t have a badge, laugh with the twins behind Ron\rquote s back, ruin this for Ron when, for the first time, he had beaten Harry at something?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At this point Harry heard Ron\rquote s footsteps on the stairs again. He stood up, straightened his glasses, and hitched a grin onto his face as Ron bounded back through the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just caught her!\rdblquote  he said happily. \ldblquote She says she\rquote ll get the Clean\-sweep if she can.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cool,\rdblquote  Harry said, and he was relieved to hear that his voice had stopped sounding hearty. \ldblquote Listen \emdash  Ron \emdash  well done, mate.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The smile faded off Ron\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I never thought it would be me!\rdblquote  he said, shaking his head, \ldblquote I thought it would be you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nah, I\rquote ve caused too much trouble,\rdblquote  Harry said, echoing Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote yeah, I suppose. \'85 Well, we\rquote d better get our trunks packed, hadn\rquote t we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was odd how widely their possessions seemed to have scattered themselves since they had arrived. It took them most of the afternoon to retrieve their books and belongings from all over the house and stow them back inside their school trunks. Harry noticed that Ron kept moving his prefect\rquote s badge around, first placing it on his bedside table, then putting it into his jeans pocket, then taking it out and lay\-ing it on his folded robes, as though to see the effect of the red on the black. Only when Fred and George dropped in and offered to attach it to his forehead with a Permanent Sticking Charm did he wrap it tenderly in his maroon socks and lock it in his trunk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley returned from Diagon Alley around six o\rquote clock, laden with books and carrying a long package wrapped in thick brown pa\-per that Ron took from her with a moan of longing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never mind unwrapping it now, people are arriving for dinner, I want you all downstairs,\rdblquote  she said, but the moment she was out of sight Ron ripped off the paper in a frenzy and examined every inch of his new broom, an ecstatic expression on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Down in the basement Mrs. Weasley had hung a scarlet banner over the heavily laden dinner table, which read CONGRATULATIONS RON AND HERMIONE \emdash  NEW PREFECTS. She looked in a better mood than Harry had seen her all holiday.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought we\rquote d have a little party, not a sit-down dinner,\rdblquote  she told Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny as they entered the room. \ldblquote Your father and Bill are on their way, Ron, I\rquote ve sent them both owls and they\rquote re \i thrilled,\i0\rdblquote  she added, beaming.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred rolled his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius, Lupin, Tonks, and Kingsley Shacklebolt were already there and Mad-Eye Moody stumped in shortly after Harry had got himself a butterbeer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Alastor, I am glad you\rquote re here,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley brightly, as\lang3081  \lang1033 Mad-Eye shrugged off his traveling cloak. \ldblquote We\rquote ve been wanting to ask you for ages \emdash  could you have a look in the writing desk in the draw\-ing room and tell us what\rquote s inside it? We haven\rquote t wanted to open it just in case it\rquote s something really nasty.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No problem, Molly \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Moody\rquote s electric-blue eye swiveled upward and stared fixedly through the ceiling of the kitchen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Drawing room \'85\rdblquote  he growled, as the pupil contracted. \ldblquote Desk in the corner? Yeah, I see it. \'85 Yeah, it\rquote s a boggart. \'85 Want me to go up and get rid of it, Molly?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, I\rquote ll do it myself later,\rdblquote  beamed Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote You have your drink. We\rquote re having a little bit of a celebration, actually. \'85\rdblquote  She gestured at the scarlet banner. \ldblquote Fourth prefect in the family!\rdblquote  she said fondly, ruffling Ron\rquote s hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Prefect, eh?\rdblquote  growled Moody, his normal eye on Ron and his mag\-ical eye swiveling around to gaze into the side of his head. Harry had the very uncomfortable feeling it was looking at him and moved away toward Sirius and Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, congratulations,\rdblquote  said Moody, still glaring at Ron with his normal eye, \ldblquote authority figures always attract trouble, but I suppose Dumbledore thinks you can withstand most major jinxes or he wouldn\rquote t have appointed you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked rather startled at this view of the matter but was saved the trouble of responding by the arrival of his father and eldest brother. Mrs. Weasley was in such a good mood she did not even complain that they had brought Mundungus with them too; he was wearing a long overcoat that seemed oddly lumpy in unlikely places and declined the offer to remove it and put it with Moody\rquote s traveling cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I think a toast is in order,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, when everyone had a drink. He raised his goblet. \ldblquote To Ron and Hermione, the new Gryffindor prefects!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione beamed as everyone drank to them and then applauded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was never a prefect myself,\rdblquote  said Tonks brightly from behind Harry as everybody moved toward the table to help themselves to food. Her hair was tomato-red and waist length today; she looked like Ginny\rquote s older sister. \ldblquote My Head of House said I lacked certain neces\-sary qualities.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like what?\rdblquote  said Ginny, who was choosing a baked potato.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like the ability to behave myself,\rdblquote  said Tonks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny laughed; Hermione looked as though she did not know whether to smile or not and compromised by taking an extra large gulp of butterbeer and choking on it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about you, Sirius?\rdblquote  Ginny asked, thumping Hermione on the back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius, who was right beside Harry, let out his usual barklike laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one would have made me a prefect, I spent too much time in detention with James. Lupin was the good boy, he got the badge.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think Dumbledore might have hoped that I would be able to ex\-ercise some control over my best friends,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote I need scarcely say that I failed dismally.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s mood suddenly lifted. His father had not been a prefect ei\-ther. All at once the party seemed much more enjoyable; he loaded up his plate, feeling unusually fond of everyone in the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was rhapsodizing about his new broom to anybody who would listen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 naught to seventy in ten seconds, not bad, is it? When you think the Comet Two Ninety\rquote s only naught to sixty and that\rquote s with a decent tailwind according to \i Which Broomstick\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was talking very earnestly to Lupin about her view of elf rights.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I mean, it\rquote s the same kind of nonsense as werewolf segregation,\lang3081  \lang1033 isn\rquote t it? It all stems from this horrible thing wizards have of thinking they\rquote re superior to other creatures. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley and Bill were having their usual argument about Bill\rquote s hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 getting really out of hand, and you\rquote re so good-looking, it would look much better shorter, wouldn\rquote t it, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  I dunno \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry, slightly alarmed at being asked his opinion; he slid away from them in the direction of Fred and George, who were huddled in a corner with Mundungus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mundungus stopped talking when he saw Harry, but Fred winked and beckoned Harry closer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s okay,\rdblquote  he told Mundungus, \ldblquote we can trust Harry, he\rquote s our fi\-nancial backer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look what Dung\rquote s gotten us,\rdblquote  said George, holding out his hand to Harry. It was full of what looked like shriveled black pods. A faint rattling noise was coming from them, even though they were com\-pletely stationary.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Venomous Tentacula seeds,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote We need them for the Skiving Snackboxes but they\rquote re a Class C Non-Tradeable Substance so we\rquote ve been having a bit of trouble getting hold of them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ten Galleons the lot, then, Dung?\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wiv all the trouble I went to to get \rquote em?\rdblquote  said Mundungus, his saggy, bloodshot eyes stretching even wider. \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, lads, but I\rquote m not taking a Knut under twenty.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dung likes his little joke,\rdblquote  Fred said to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, his best one so far has been six Sickles for a bag of knarl quills,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Be careful,\rdblquote  Harry warned them quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote Mum\rquote s busy cooing over Prefect Ron, we\rquote re okay.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Moody could have his eye on you,\rdblquote  Harry pointed out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mundungus looked nervously over his shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good point, that,\rdblquote  he grunted. \ldblquote All right, lads, ten it is, if you\rquote ll take \rquote em quick.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cheers, Harry!\rdblquote  said Fred delightedly, when Mundungus had emptied his pockets into the twins\rquote  outstretched hands and scuttled off toward the food. \ldblquote We\rquote d better get these upstairs. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry watched them go, feeling slightly uneasy. It had just oc\-curred to him that Mr. and Mrs. Weasley would want to know how Fred and George were financing their joke shop business when, as was inevitable, they finally found out about it. Giving the twins his Tri-wizard winnings had seemed a simple thing to do at the time, but what if it led to another family row and a Percy-like estrangement? Would Mrs. Weasley still feel that Harry was as good as her son if she found out he had made it possible for Fred and George to start a ca\-reer she thought quite unsuitable?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Standing where the twins had left him with nothing but a guilty weight in the pit of his stomach for company, Harry caught the sound of his own name. Kingsley Shacklebolt\rquote s deep voice was audible even over the surrounding chatter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 why Dumbledore didn\rquote t make Potter a prefect?\rdblquote  said Kingsley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote ll have had his reasons,\rdblquote  replied Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it would\rquote ve shown confidence in him. It\rquote s what I\rquote d\rquote ve done,\rdblquote  persisted Kingsley, \ldblquote  \rquote specially with the \i Daily Prophet\i0  having a go at him every few days. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not look around; he did not want Lupin or Kingsley to know he had heard. He followed Mundungus back toward the table, though not remotely hungry. His pleasure in the party had evaporated as quickly as it had come; he wished he were upstairs in bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mad-Eye Moody was sniffing at a chicken leg with what remained of his nose; evidently he could not detect any trace of poison, because he then tore a strip off it with his teeth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 the handle\rquote s made of Spanish oak with anti-jinx varnish and in-built vibration control \emdash\rdblquote  Ron was saying to Tonks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley yawned widely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I think I\rquote ll sort out that boggart before I turn in. \'85 Arthur, I don\rquote t want this lot up too late, all right? \rquote Night, Harry, dear.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She left the kitchen. Harry set down his plate and wondered whether he could follow her without attracting attention.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You all right, Potter?\rdblquote  grunted Moody.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, fine,\rdblquote  lied Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Moody took a swig from his hip flask, his electric blue eye staring sideways at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come here, I\rquote ve got something that might interest you,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 From an inner pocket of his robes Moody pulled a very tattered old Wizarding photograph.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Original Order of the Phoenix,\rdblquote  growled Moody. \ldblquote Found it last night when I was looking for my spare Invisibility Cloak, seeing as Podmore hasn\rquote t had the manners to return my best one. \'85 Thought people might like to see it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took the photograph. A small crowd of people, some waving at him, others lifting their glasses, looked back up at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s me,\rdblquote  said Moody unnecessarily, pointing at himself. The Moody in the picture was unmistakable, though his hair was slightly less gray and his nose was intact. \ldblquote And there\rquote s Dumbledore beside me, Dedalus Diggle on the other side \'85 That\rquote s Marlene McKinnon, she was killed two weeks after this was taken, they got her whole family. That\rquote s Frank and Alice Longbottom \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s stomach, already uncomfortable, clenched as he looked at Alice Longbottom; he knew her round, friendly face very well, even though he had never met her, because she was the image of her son, Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Poor devils,\rdblquote  growled Moody. \ldblquote Better dead than what happened\lang3081  \lang1033 to them \'85 and that\rquote s Emmeline Vance, you\rquote ve met her, and that there\rquote s Lupin, obviously \'85 Benjy Fenwick, he copped it too, we only ever found bits of him \'85 shift aside there,\rdblquote  he added, poking the pic\-ture, and the little photographic people edged sideways, so that those who were partially obscured could move to the front.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s Edgar Bones \'85 brother of Amelia Bones, they got him and his family too, he was a great wizard \'85 Sturgis Podmore, blimey, he looks young \'85 Caradoc Dearborn, vanished six months after this, we never found his body \'85 Hagrid, of course, looks exactly the same as ever \'85 Elphias Doge, you\rquote ve met him, I\rquote d forgotten he used to wear that stupid hat\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Gideon Prewett, it took five Death Eaters to kill him and his brother Fabian, they fought like heroes \'85 budge along, budge along \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The little people in the photograph jostled among themselves, and those hidden right at the back appeared at the forefront of the picture.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s Dumbledore\rquote s brother, Aberforth, only time I ever met him, strange bloke \'85 That\rquote s Dorcas Meadowes, Voldemort killed her per\-sonally \'85 Sirius, when he still had short hair \'85 and \'85 there you go, thought that would interest you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart turned over. His mother and father were beaming up at him, sitting on either side of a small, watery-eyed man Harry rec\-ognized at once as Wormtail: He was the one who had betrayed their whereabouts to Voldemort and so helped bring about their deaths.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Eh?\rdblquote  said Moody.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked up into Moody\rquote s heavily scarred and pitted face. Evi\-dently Moody was under the impression he had just given Harry a bit of a treat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, attempting to grin again. \ldblquote Er \'85 listen, I\rquote ve just remembered, I haven\rquote t packed my \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was spared the trouble of inventing an object he had not packed; Sirius had just said, \ldblquote What\rquote s that you\rquote ve got there, Mad-Eye?\rdblquote  and Moody had turned toward him. Harry crossed the kitchen,\lang3081  \lang1033 slipped through the door and up the stairs before anyone could call him back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not know why he had received such a shock; he had seen his parents\rquote  pictures before, after all, and he had met Wormtail\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but to have them sprung on him like that, when he was least expecting it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 No one would like that, he thought angrily. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, to see them surrounded by all those other happy faces \'85 Benjy Fenwick, who had been found in bits, and Gideon Prewett, who had died like a hero, and the Longbottoms, who had been tor\-tured into madness \'85 all waving happily out of the photograph forevermore, not knowing that they were doomed. \'85 Well, Moody might find that interesting \'85 he, Harry, found it disturbing. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tiptoed up the stairs in the hall past the stuffed elf heads, glad to be on his own again, but as he approached the first landing he heard noises. Someone was sobbing in the drawing room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello?\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no answer but the sobbing continued. He climbed the remaining stairs two at a time, walked across the landing, and opened the drawing-room door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Someone was cowering against the dark wall, her wand in her hand, her whole body shaking with sobs. Sprawled on the dusty old carpet in a patch of moonlight, clearly dead, was Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All the air seemed to vanish from Harry\rquote s lungs; he felt as though he were falling through the floor; his brain turned icy cold \emdash  Ron dead, no, it couldn\rquote t be \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But wait a moment, it \i couldn\rquote t\i0  be \emdash  Ron was downstairs \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mrs. Weasley?\rdblquote  Harry croaked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i R-r-riddikulus\i0 !\rquote\rquote\lang3081  \lang1033 Mrs. Weasley sobbed, pointing her shaking wand at Ron\rquote s body.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Crack.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s body turned into Bill\rquote s, spread-eagled on his back, his eyes wide open and empty. Mrs. Weasley sobbed harder than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i R-riddikulus\i0 !\rdblquote  she sobbed again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Crack.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley\rquote s body replaced Bill\rquote s, his glasses askew, a trickle of blood running down his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley moaned. \ldblquote No \'85 \i riddikulus\i0 ! \i Riddikulus\i0 ! \i RIDDIKULUS\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Crack.\i0  Dead twins. \i Crack.\i0  Dead Percy. \i Crack.\i0  Dead Harry \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mrs. Weasley, just get out of here!\rdblquote  shouted Harry, staring down at his own dead body on the floor. \ldblquote Let someone else \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin had come running into the room, closely followed by Sirius, with Moody stumping along behind them. Lupin looked from Mrs. Weasley to the dead Harry on the floor and seemed to understand in an instant. Pulling out his own wand he said, very firmly and clearly, \ldblquote\i Riddikulus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s body vanished. A silvery orb hung in the air over the spot where it had lain. Lupin waved his wand once more and the orb van\-ished in a puff of smoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  oh \emdash  oh!\rdblquote  gulped Mrs. Weasley, and she broke into a storm of crying, her face in her hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly,\rdblquote  said Lupin bleakly, walking over to her, \ldblquote Molly, don\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Next second she was sobbing her heart out on Lupin\rquote s shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly, it was just a boggart,\rdblquote  he said soothingly, patting her on the head. \ldblquote Just a stupid boggart\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see them d-d-dead all the time!\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley moaned into his shoulder. \ldblquote All the t-t-time! I d-d-dream about it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius was staring at the patch of carpet where the boggart, pre\-tending to be Harry\rquote s body, had lain. Moody was looking at Harry, who avoided his gaze. He had a funny feeling Moody\rquote s magical eye had followed him all the way out of the kitchen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D-d-don\rquote t tell Arthur,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley was gulping now, mopping\lang3081  \lang1033 her eyes frantically with her cuffs. \ldblquote I d-d-don\rquote t want him to know. \'85 Being silly \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin handed her a handkerchief and she blew her nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote m so sorry, what must you think of me?\rdblquote  she said shakily. \ldblquote Not even able to get rid of a boggart\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be stupid,\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m just s-s-so worried,\rdblquote  she said, tears spilling out of her eyes again. \ldblquote Half the f-f-family\rquote s in the Order, it\rquote ll b-b-be a miracle if we all come through this. \'85 and P-P-Percy\rquote s not talking to us. \'85 What if something d-d-dreadful happens and we had never m-m-made up? And what\rquote s going to happen if Arthur and I get killed, who\rquote s g-g-going to look after Ron and Ginny?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly, that\rquote s enough,\rdblquote  said Lupin firmly. \ldblquote This isn\rquote t like last time. The Order is better prepared, we\rquote ve got a head start, we know what Voldemort\rquote s up to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley gave a little squeak of fright at the sound of the name.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Molly, come on, it\rquote s about time you got used to hearing it \emdash  look, I can\rquote t promise no one\rquote s going to get hurt, nobody can promise that, but we\rquote re much better off than we were last time, you weren\rquote t in the Order then, you don\rquote t understand, last time we were outnumbered twenty to one by the Death Eaters and they were picking us off one by one. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought of the photograph again, of his parents\rquote  beaming faces. He knew Moody was still watching him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry about Percy,\rdblquote  said Sirius abruptly. \ldblquote He\rquote ll come round. It\rquote s a matter of time before Voldemort moves into the open; once he does, the whole Ministry\rquote s going to be begging us to forgive them. And I\rquote m not sure I\rquote ll be accepting their apology,\rdblquote  he added bitterly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And as for who\rquote s going to look after Ron and Ginny if you and Arthur died,\rdblquote  said Lupin, smiling slightly, \ldblquote what do you think we\rquote d do, let them starve?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley smiled tremulously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Being silly,\rdblquote  she muttered again, mopping her eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry, closing his bedroom door behind him some ten minutes later, could not think Mrs. Weasley silly. He could still see his parents beaming up at him from the tattered old photograph, unaware that their lives, like so many of those around them, were drawing to a close. The image of the boggart posing as the corpse of each member of Mrs. Weasley\rquote s family in turn kept flashing before his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Without warning, the scar on his forehead seared with pain again and his stomach churned horribly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cut it out,\rdblquote  he said firmly, rubbing the scar as the pain receded again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote First sign of madness, talking to your own head,\rdblquote  said a sly voice from the empty picture on the wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry ignored it. He felt older than he had ever felt in his life, and it seemed extraordinary to him that barely an hour ago he had been worried about a joke shop and who had gotten a prefect\rquote s badge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 10\par
\pard\qc Luna Lovegood\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry had a troubled night\rquote s sleep. His parents wove in and out of his dreams, never speaking; Mrs. Weasley sobbed over Kreacher\rquote s dead body watched by Ron and Hermione, who were wear\-ing crowns, and yet again Harry found himself walking down a corri\-dor ending in a locked door. He awoke abruptly with his scar prickling to find Ron already dressed and talking to him.\par
\ldblquote\'85 better hurry up, Mum\rquote s going ballistic, she says we\rquote re going to miss the train. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a lot of commotion in the house. From what he heard as he dressed at top speed, Harry gathered that Fred and George had be\-witched their trunks to fly downstairs to save the bother of carrying them, with the result that they had hurtled straight into Ginny and knocked her down two flights of stairs into the hall; Mrs. Black and Mrs. Weasley were both screaming at the top of their voices.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  COULD HAVE DONE HER A SERIOUS INJURY, YOU IDIOTS \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  FILTHY HALF-BREEDS, BESMIRCHING THE HOUSE OF MY FATHERS \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione came hurrying into the room looking flustered just as Harry was putting on his trainers; Hedwig was swaying on her shoul\-der, and she was carrying a squirming Crookshanks in her arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum and Dad just sent Hedwig back\rdblquote  \emdash  the owl fluttered oblig\-ingly over and perched on top of her cage \emdash  \ldblquote are you ready yet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nearly \emdash  Ginny all right?\rdblquote  Harry asked, shoving on his glasses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mrs. Weasley\rquote s patched her up,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote But now Mad-Eye\rquote s complaining that we can\rquote t leave unless Sturgis Podmore\rquote s here, otherwise the guard will be one short.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Guard?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We have to go to King\rquote s Cross with a guard?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You\i0  have to go to King\rquote s Cross with a guard,\rdblquote  Hermione corrected him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  said Harry irritably. \ldblquote I thought Voldemort was supposed to be lying low, or are you telling me he\rquote s going to jump out from behind a dustbin to try and do me in?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know, it\rquote s just what Mad-Eye says,\rdblquote  said Hermione distractedly, looking at her watch. \ldblquote But if we don\rquote t leave soon we\rquote re definitely going to miss the train. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WILL YOU LOT GET DOWN HERE NOW, PLEASE!\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley bellowed and Hermione jumped as though scalded and hurried out of the room. Harry seized Hedwig, stuffed her unceremo\-niously into her cage, and set off downstairs after Hermione, dragging his trunk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Black\rquote s portrait was howling with rage but nobody was both\-ering to close the curtains over her; all the noise in the hall was bound to rouse her again anyway.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you\rquote re to come with me and Tonks,\rdblquote  shouted Mrs. Weasley over the repeated screeches of \i\ldblquote MUDBLOODS\i0 ! \i SCUM\i0 ! \i CREATURES OF DIRT\i0 !\rdblquote  \ldblquote Leave your trunk and your owl, Alastor\rquote s going to deal with the luggage. \'85 Oh, for heaven\rquote s sake, Sirius, Dumbledore said no!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A bearlike black dog had appeared at Harry\rquote s side as Harry clambered over the various trunks cluttering the hall to get to Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh honestly\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley despairingly, \ldblquote well, on your own head be it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She wrenched open the front door and stepped out into the weak September sunlight. Harry and the dog followed her. The door slammed behind them and Mrs. Black\rquote s screeches were cut off instantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Tonks?\rdblquote  Harry said, looking around as they went down the stone steps of number twelve, which vanished the moment they reached the pavement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s waiting for us just up here,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley stiffly, avert\-ing her eyes from the lolloping black dog beside Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An old woman greeted them on the corner. She had tightly curled gray hair and wore a purple hat shaped like a porkpie.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wotcher, Harry,\rdblquote  she said, winking. \ldblquote Better hurry up, hadn\rquote t we, Molly?\rdblquote  she added, checking her watch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, I know,\rdblquote  moaned Mrs. Weasley, lengthening her stride, \ldblquote but Mad-Eye wanted to wait for Sturgis. \'85 If only Arthur could have got us cars from the Ministry again \'85 but Fudge wouldn\rquote t let him borrow so much as an empty ink bottle these days. \'85 \i How\i0  Muggles can stand traveling without magic \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the great black dog gave a joyful bark and gamboled around them, snapping at pigeons, and chasing its own tail. Harry couldn\rquote t help laughing. Sirius had been trapped inside for a very long time. Mrs. Weasley pursed her lips in an almost Aunt Petunia-ish way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It took them twenty minutes to reach King\rquote s Cross by foot and nothing more eventful happened during that time than Sirius scaring a couple of cats for Harry\rquote s entertainment. Once inside the station they lingered casually beside the barrier between platforms nine and ten until the coast was clear, then each of them leaned against it in\lang3081  \lang1033 turn and fell easily through onto platform nine and three quarters, where the Hogwarts Express stood belching sooty steam over a plat\-form packed with departing students and their families. Harry inhaled the familiar smell and felt his spirits soar. \'85 He was really going back. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hope the others make it in time,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley anxiously, staring behind her at the wrought-iron arch spanning the platform, through which new arrivals would come.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice dog, Harry!\rdblquote  called a tall boy with dreadlocks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks, Lee,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning, as Sirius wagged his tail frantically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh good,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, sounding relieved, \ldblquote here\rquote s Alastor with the luggage, look \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A porter\rquote s cap pulled low over his mismatched eyes, Moody came limping through the archway pushing a cart full of their trunks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All okay,\rdblquote  he muttered to Mrs. Weasley and Tonks. \ldblquote Don\rquote t think we were followed. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seconds later, Mr. Weasley emerged onto the platform with Ron and Hermione. They had almost unloaded Moody\rquote s luggage cart when Fred, George, and Ginny turned up with Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No trouble?\rdblquote  growled Moody.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll still be reporting Sturgis to Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Moody. \ldblquote That\rquote s the second time he\rquote s not turned up in a week. Getting as unreliable as Mundungus.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, look after yourselves,\rdblquote  said Lupin, shaking hands all round. He reached Harry last and gave him a clap on the shoulder. \ldblquote You too, Harry. Be careful.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, keep your head down and your eyes peeled,\rdblquote  said Moody, shaking Harry\rquote s hand too. \ldblquote And don\rquote t forget, all of you \emdash  careful what you put in writing. If in doubt, don\rquote t put it in a letter at all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s been great meeting all of you,\rdblquote  said Tonks, hugging Hermione and Ginny. \ldblquote We\rquote ll see you soon, I expect.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A warning whistle sounded; the students still on the platform started hurrying onto the train.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quick, quick,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley distractedly, hugging them at ran\-dom and catching Harry twice. \ldblquote Write. \'85 Be good. \'85 If you\rquote ve for\-gotten anything we\rquote ll send it on. \'85 Onto the train, now, hurry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For one brief moment, the great black dog reared onto its hind legs and placed its front paws on Harry\rquote s shoulders, but Mrs. Weasley shoved Harry away toward the train door hissing, \ldblquote For heaven\rquote s sake act more like a dog, Sirius!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See you!\rdblquote  Harry called out of the open window as the train began to move, while Ron, Hermione, and Ginny waved beside him. The figures of Tonks, Lupin, Moody, and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley shrank rapidly but the black dog was bounding alongside the window, wag\-ging its tail; blurred people on the platform were laughing to see it chasing the train, and then they turned the corner, and Sirius was gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He shouldn\rquote t have come with us,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a worried voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh lighten up,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote he hasn\rquote t seen daylight for months, poor bloke.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Fred, clapping his hands together, \ldblquote can\rquote t stand around chatting all day, we\rquote ve got business to discuss with Lee. See you later,\rdblquote  and he and George disappeared down the corridor to the right.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The train was gathering still more speed, so that the houses outside the window flashed past and they swayed where they stood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shall we go and find a compartment, then?\rdblquote  Harry asked Ron and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione exchanged looks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re \emdash  well \emdash  Ron and I are supposed to go into the prefect carriage,\rdblquote  Hermione said awkwardly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron wasn\rquote t looking at Harry; he seemed to have become intensely interested in the fingernails on his left hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Right. Fine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think we\rquote ll have to stay there all journey,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly. \ldblquote Our letters said we just get instructions from the Head Boy and Girl and then patrol the corridors from time to time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  said Harry again. \ldblquote Well, I-I might see you later, then.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, definitely,\rdblquote  said Ron, casting a shifty, anxious look at Harry. \ldblquote It\rquote s a pain having to go down there, I\rquote d rather \emdash  but we have to \emdash  I mean, I\rquote m not enjoying it, I\rquote m not Percy,\rdblquote  he finished defiantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know you\rquote re not,\rdblquote  said Harry and he grinned. But as Hermione and Ron dragged their trunks, Crookshanks, and a caged Pigwidgeon off toward the engine end of the train, Harry felt an odd sense of loss. He had never traveled on the Hogwarts Express without Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on,\rdblquote  Ginny told him, \ldblquote if we get a move on we\rquote ll be able to save them places.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry, picking up Hedwig\rquote s cage in one hand and the handle of his trunk in the other. They struggled off down the corridor, peering through the glass-paneled doors into the compartments they passed, which were already full. Harry could not help noticing that a lot of people stared back at him with great interest and that several of them nudged their neighbors and pointed him out. After he had met this behavior in five consecutive carriages he remembered that the \i Daily Prophet\i0  had been telling its readers all summer what a lying show-off he was. He wondered bleakly whether the people now star\-ing and whispering believed the stories.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In the very last carriage they met Neville Longbottom, Harry\rquote s fel\-low fifth-year Gryffindor, his round face shining with the effort of pulling his trunk along and maintaining a one-handed grip on his struggling toad, Trevor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Harry,\rdblquote  he panted. \ldblquote Hi, Ginny. \'85 Everywhere\rquote s full. \'85 I can\rquote t find a seat. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you talking about?\rdblquote  said Ginny, who had squeezed past Neville to peer into the compartment behind him. \ldblquote There\rquote s room in this one, there\rquote s only Loony Lovegood in here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville mumbled something about not wanting to disturb anyone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be silly,\rdblquote  said Ginny, laughing, \ldblquote she\rquote s all right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She slid the door open and pulled her trunk inside it. Harry and Neville followed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Luna,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote Is it okay if we take these seats?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The girl beside the window looked up. She had straggly, waist-length, dirty-blond hair, very pale eyebrows, and protuberant eyes that gave her a permanently surprised look. Harry knew at once why Neville had chosen to pass this compartment by. The girl gave off an aura of distinct dottiness. Perhaps it was the fact that she had stuck her wand behind her left ear for safekeeping, or that she had chosen to wear a necklace of butterbeer caps, or that she was reading a magazine upside down. Her eyes ranged over Neville and came to rest on Harry. She nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Ginny, smiling at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Neville stowed the three trunks and Hedwig\rquote s cage in the luggage rack and sat down. The girl called Luna watched them over her upside-down magazine, which was called \i The Quibbler.\i0  She did not seem to need to blink as much as normal humans. She stared and stared at Harry, who had taken the seat opposite her and now wished he had not.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Had a good summer, Luna?\rdblquote  Ginny asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Luna dreamily, without taking her eyes off Harry. \ldblquote Yes, it was quite enjoyable, you know. \i You\rquote re\i0  Harry Potter,\rdblquote  she added.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know I am,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville chuckled. Luna turned her pale eyes upon him instead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And I don\rquote t know who you are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m nobody,\rdblquote  said Neville hurriedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No you\rquote re not,\rdblquote  said Ginny sharply. \ldblquote Neville Longbottom \emdash  Luna Lovegood. Luna\rquote s in my year, but in Ravenclaw.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Wit beyond measure is man\rquote s greatest treasure,\i0\rdblquote  said Luna in a singsong voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She raised her upside-down magazine high enough to hide her face and fell silent. Harry and Neville looked at each other with their eye\-brows raised. Ginny suppressed a giggle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The train rattled onward, speeding them out into open country. It was an odd, unsettled sort of day; one moment the carriage was full of sunlight and the next they were passing beneath ominously gray clouds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Guess what I got for my birthday?\rdblquote  said Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Another Remembrall?\rdblquote  said Harry, remembering the marblelike device Neville\rquote s grandmother had sent him in an effort to improve his abysmal memory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Neville, \ldblquote I could do with one, though, I lost the old one ages ago. \'85 No, look at this. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He dug the hand that was not keeping a firm grip on Trevor into his schoolbag and after a little bit of rummaging pulled out what ap\-peared to be a small gray cactus in a pot, except that it was covered with what looked like boils rather than spines.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Mimbulus mimbletonia,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he said proudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at the thing. It was pulsating slightly, giving it the rather sinister look of some diseased internal organ.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s really, really rare,\rdblquote  said Neville, beaming. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know if there\rquote s one in the greenhouse at Hogwarts, even. I can\rquote t wait to show it to Professor Sprout. My great-uncle Algie got it for me in Assyria. I\rquote m going to see if I can breed from it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry knew that Neville\rquote s favorite subject was Herbology, but for the life of him he could not see what he would want with this stunted little plant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does it \emdash  er \emdash  do anything?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Loads of stuff!\rdblquote  said Neville proudly. \ldblquote It\rquote s got an amazing defen\-sive mechanism \emdash  hold Trevor for me. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He dumped the toad into Harry\rquote s lap and took a quill from his schoolbag. Luna Lovegood\rquote s popping eyes appeared over the top of her upside-down magazine again, watching what Neville was doing. Neville held the \i Mimbulus mimbletonia\i0  up to his eyes, his tongue be\-tween his teeth, chose his spot, and gave the plant a sharp prod with the tip of his quill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Liquid squirted from every boil on the plant, thick, stinking, dark-green jets of it; they hit the ceiling, the windows, and spattered Luna Lovegood\rquote s magazine. Ginny, who had flung her arms up in front of her face just in time, merely looked as though she was wearing a slimy green hat, but Harry, whose hands had been busy preventing the es\-cape of Trevor, received a face full. It smelled like rancid manure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville, whose face and torso were also drenched, shook his head to get the worst out of his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote S-sorry,\rdblquote  he gasped. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t tried that before. \'85 Didn\rquote t realize it would be quite so \'85 Don\rquote t worry, though, Stinksap\rquote s not poiso\-nous,\rdblquote  he added nervously, as Harry spat a mouthful onto the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At that precise moment the door of their compartment slid open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 hello, Harry,\rdblquote  said a nervous voice. \ldblquote Um \'85 bad time?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry wiped the lenses of his glasses with his Trevor-free hand. A very pretty girl with long, shiny black hair was standing in the doorway smiling at him: Cho Chang, the Seeker on the Ravenclaw Quidditch team.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 hi,\rdblquote  said Harry blankly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Um \'85\rdblquote  said Cho. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 just thought I\rquote d say hello \'85 \rquote bye then.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She closed the door again, rather pink in the face, and departed. Harry slumped back in his seat and groaned. He would have liked Cho to discover him sitting with a group of very cool people laughing\lang3081  \lang1033 their heads off at a joke he had just told; he would not have chosen to be sitting with Neville and Loony Lovegood, clutching a toad and dripping in Stinksap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never mind,\rdblquote  said Ginny bracingly. \ldblquote Look, we can get rid of all this easily.\rdblquote  She pulled out her wand. \ldblquote\i Scourgify\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Stinksap vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  said Neville again, in a small voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione did not turn up for nearly an hour, by which time the food trolley had already gone by. Harry, Ginny, and Neville had finished their Pumpkin Pasties and were busy swapping Choco\-late Frog cards when the compartment door slid open and they walked in, accompanied by Crookshanks and a shrilly hooting Pig\-widgeon in his cage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m starving,\rdblquote  said Ron, stowing Pigwidgeon next to Hedwig, grabbing a Chocolate Frog from Harry and throwing himself into the seat next to him. He ripped open the wrapper, bit off the Frog\rquote s head, and leaned back with his eyes closed as though he had had a very ex\-hausting morning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, there are two fifth-year prefects from each House,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking thoroughly disgruntled as she took her seat. \ldblquote Boy and girl from each.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And guess who\rquote s a Slytherin prefect?\rdblquote  said Ron, still with his eyes closed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy,\rdblquote  replied Harry at once, his worst fear confirmed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course,\rdblquote  said Ron bitterly, stuffing the rest of the Frog into his mouth and taking another.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And that complete \i cow\i0  Pansy Parkinson,\rdblquote  said Hermione vicious\-ly. \ldblquote How she got to be a prefect when she\rquote s thicker than a concussed troll\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s Hufflepuff?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbott,\rdblquote  said Ron thickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Anthony Goldstein and Padma Patil for Ravenclaw,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You went to the Yule Ball with Padma Patil,\rdblquote  said a vague voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everyone turned to look at Luna Lovegood, who was gazing un-blinkingly at Ron over the top of \i The Quibbler.\i0  He swallowed his mouthful of Frog.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I know I did,\rdblquote  he said, looking mildly surprised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She didn\rquote t enjoy it very much,\rdblquote  Luna informed him. \ldblquote She doesn\rquote t think you treated her very well, because you wouldn\rquote t dance with her. I don\rquote t think I\rquote d have minded,\rdblquote  she added thoughtfully, \ldblquote I don\rquote t like dancing very much.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She retreated behind \i The Quibbler\i0  again. Ron stared at the cover with his mouth hanging open for a few seconds, then looked around at Ginny for some kind of explanation, but Ginny had stuffed her knuckles in her mouth to stop herself giggling. Ron shook his head, bemused, then checked his watch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re supposed to patrol the corridors every so often,\rdblquote  he told Harry and Neville, \ldblquote and we can give out punishments if people are misbehaving. I can\rquote t wait to get Crabbe and Goyle for something. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not supposed to abuse your position, Ron!\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, right, because Malfoy won\rquote t abuse it at all,\rdblquote  said Ron sarcastically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you\rquote re going to descend to his level?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I\rquote m just going to make sure I get his mates before he gets mine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For heaven\rquote s sake, Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll make Goyle do lines, it\rquote ll kill him, he hates writing,\rdblquote  said Ron happily. He lowered his voice to Goyle\rquote s low grunt and, screwing up his face in a look of pained concentration, mimed writing in midair. \i\ldblquote I\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i must\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i not\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i look\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i like\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i a\i0  \'85 \i baboon\rquote s\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i backside\i0 . \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everyone laughed, but nobody laughed harder than Luna Love\-good. She let out a scream of mirth that caused Hedwig to wake up and flap her wings indignantly and Crookshanks to leap up into the luggage rack, hissing. She laughed so hard that her magazine slipped out of her grasp, slid down her legs, and onto the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was \i funny\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her prominent eyes swam with tears as she gasped for breath, staring at Ron. Utterly nonplussed, he looked around at the others, who were now laughing at the expression on Ron\rquote s face and at the ludicrously prolonged laughter of Luna Lovegood, who was rocking backward and forward, clutching her sides.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you taking the mickey?\rdblquote  said Ron, frowning at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Baboon\rquote s \'85 backside!\rdblquote  she choked, holding her ribs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everyone else was watching Luna laughing, but Harry, glancing at the magazine on the floor, noticed something that made him dive for it. Upside down it had been hard to tell what the picture on the front was, but Harry now realized it was a fairly bad cartoon of Cornelius Fudge; Harry only recognized him because of the lime-green bowler hat. One of Fudge\rquote s hands was clenched around a bag of gold; the other hand was throttling a goblin. The cartoon was captioned: How Far Will Fudge Go to Gain Gringotts?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Beneath this were listed the titles of other articles inside the magazine.\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 CORRUPTION IN THE QUIDDITCH LEAGUE:\par
How the Tornados Are Taking Control\par
SECRETS OF THE ANCIENT RUNES REVEALED\par
SIRIUS BLACK: Villain or Victim?\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can I have a look at this?\rdblquote  Harry asked Luna eagerly.\par
She nodded, still gazing at Ron, breathless with laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened the magazine and scanned the index; until this mo\-ment he had completely forgotten the magazine Kingsley had handed Mr. Weasley to give to Sirius, but it must have been this edition of \i The Quibbler.\i0  He found the page and turned excitedly to the article.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This too was illustrated by a rather bad cartoon; in fact, Harry would not have known it was supposed to be Sirius if it hadn\rquote t been captioned. Sirius was standing on a pile of human bones with his wand out. The headline on the article read:\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 SIRIUS - Black As He\rquote s Painted?\par
Notorious Mass Murderer OR Innocent Singing Sensation?\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\lang1033 Harry had to read this sentence several times before he was con\-vinced that he had not misunderstood it. Since when had Sirius been a singing sensation?\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 For fourteen years Sirius Black has been believed guilty of the mass murder of twelve innocent Mug\-gles and one wizard. Black\rquote s audacious escape from Azkaban two years ago has led to the widest man\-hunt ever conducted by the Ministry of Magic. None of us has ever questioned that he deserves to be re\-captured and handed back to the dementors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 BUT DOES HE?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Startling new evidence has recently come to light that Sirius Black may not have committed the crimes for which he was sent to Azkaban. In fact, says Doris Purkiss, of 18 Acanthia Way, Little Norton, Black may not even have been present at the killings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What people don\rquote t realize is that Sirius Black is a false name,\rdblquote  says Mrs. Purkiss. \ldblquote The man people\lang3081  \lang1033 believe to be Sirius Black is actually Stubby Board\-man, lead singer of the popular singing group The Hobgoblins, who retired from public life after being struck in the ear by a turnip at a concert in Little Nor\-ton Church Hall nearly fifteen years ago. I recognized him the moment I saw his picture in the paper. Now, Stubby couldn\rquote t possibly have committed those crimes, because on the day in question he happened to be enjoying a romantic candlelit dinner with me. I have written to the Minister of Magic and am expect\-ing him to give Stubby, alias Sirius, a full pardon any day now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry finished reading and stared at the page in disbelief. Perhaps it was a joke, he thought, perhaps the magazine often printed spoof items. He flicked back a few pages and found the piece on Fudge.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic, denied that he had any plans to take over the running of the Wiz\-arding Bank, Gringotts, when he was elected Minister of Magic five years ago. Fudge has always insisted that he wants nothing more than to \ldblquote cooperate peacefully\rdblquote  with the guardians of our gold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 BUT DOES HE?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sources close to the Minister have recently dis\-closed that Fudge\rquote s dearest ambition is to seize control of the goblin gold supplies and that he will not hesitate to use force if need be.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It wouldn\rquote t be the first time, either,\rdblquote  said a Ministry insider. \ldblquote Cornelius \lquote Goblin-Crusher\rquote  Fudge, that\rquote s what his friends call him, if you could hear him\lang3081  \lang1033 when he thinks no one\rquote s listening, oh, he\rquote s always talking about the goblins he\rquote s had done in; he\rquote s had them drowned, he\rquote s had them dropped off buildings, he\rquote s had them poisoned, he\rquote s had them cooked in pies. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry did not read any further. Fudge might have many faults but Harry found it extremely hard to imagine him ordering goblins to be cooked in pies. He flicked through the rest of the magazine. Pausing every few pages he read an accusation that the Tutshill Tornados were winning the Quidditch League by a combination of blackmail, illegal broom-tampering, and torture; an interview with a wizard who claimed to have flown to the moon on a Cleansweep Six and brought back a bag of moon frogs to prove it; and an article on ancient runes, which at least explained why Luna had been reading \i The Quibbler\i0  up\-side down. According to the magazine, if you turned the runes on their heads they revealed a spell to make your enemy\rquote s ears turn into kumquats. In fact, compared to the rest of the articles in \i The Quibbler,\i0  the suggestion that Sirius might really be the lead singer of The Hob\-goblins was quite sensible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anything good in there?\rdblquote  asked Ron as Harry closed the magazine.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course not,\rdblquote  said Hermione scathingly, before Harry could an\-swer, \ldblquote\i The Quibbler\rquote s\i0  rubbish, everyone knows that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excuse me,\rdblquote  said Luna; her voice had suddenly lost its dreamy quality. \ldblquote My father\rquote s the editor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  oh,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking embarrassed. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 it\rquote s got some interesting \'85 I mean, it\rquote s quite \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll have it back, thank you,\rdblquote  said Luna coldly, and leaning forward she snatched it out of Harry\rquote s hands. Rifling through it to page fifty-seven, she turned it resolutely upside down again and disappeared behind it, just as the compartment door opened for the third time.\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry looked around; he had expected this, but that did not make the sight of Draco Malfoy smirking at him from between his cronies Crabbe and Goyle any more enjoyable.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  he said aggressively, before Malfoy could open his mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Manners, Potter, or I\rquote ll have to give you a detention,\rdblquote  drawled Malfoy, whose sleek blond hair and pointed chin were just like his father\rquote s. \ldblquote You see, I, unlike you, have been made a prefect, which means that I, unlike you, have the power to hand out punishments.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but you, unlike me, are a git, so get out and leave us alone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville laughed. Malfoy\rquote s lip curled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell me, how does it feel being second-best to Weasley, Potter?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut up, Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I seem to have touched a nerve,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, smirking. \ldblquote Well, just watch yourself, Potter, because I\rquote ll be \i dogging\i0  your footsteps in case you step out of line.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get out!\rdblquote  said Hermione, standing up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sniggering, Malfoy gave Harry a last malicious look and departed, Crabbe and Goyle lumbering in his wake. Hermione slammed the compartment door behind them and turned to look at Harry, who knew at once that she, like him, had registered what Malfoy had said and been just as unnerved by it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Chuck us another Frog,\rdblquote  said Ron, who had clearly noticed nothing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not talk freely in front of Neville and Luna. He ex\-changed another nervous look with Hermione and then stared out of the window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had thought Sirius coming with him to the station was a bit of a laugh, but suddenly it seemed reckless, if not downright dangerous. \'85 Hermione had been right. \'85 Sirius should not have come. What if Mr. Malfoy had noticed the black dog and told Draco, what if he\lang3081  \lang1033 had deduced that the Weasleys, Lupin, Tonks, and Moody knew where Sirius was hiding? Or had Malfoy\rquote s use of the word \ldblquote dogging\rdblquote  been a coincidence?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The weather remained undecided as they traveled farther and far\-ther north. Rain spattered the windows in a halfhearted way, then the sun put in a feeble appearance before clouds drifted over it once more. When darkness fell and lamps came on inside the carriages, Luna rolled up \i The Quibbler,\i0  put it carefully away in her bag, and took to staring at everyone in the compartment instead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was sitting with his forehead pressed against the train win\-dow, trying to get a first distant glimpse of Hogwarts, but it was a moonless night and the rain-streaked window was grimy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote d better change,\rdblquote  said Hermione at last. She and Ron pinned their prefect badges carefully to their chests. Harry saw Ron checking how it looked in the black window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At last the train began to slow down and they heard the usual racket up and down it as everybody scrambled to get their luggage and pets assembled, ready for departure. Ron and Hermione were supposed to supervise all this; they disappeared from the carriage again, leaving Harry and the others to look after Crookshanks and Pigwidgeon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll carry that owl, if you like,\rdblquote  said Luna to Harry, reaching out for Pigwidgeon as Neville stowed Trevor carefully in an inside pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  er \emdash  thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, handing her the cage and hoist\-ing Hedwig\rquote s more securely into his arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They shuffled out of the compartment feeling the first sting of the night air on their faces as they joined the crowd in the corridor. Slowly they moved toward the doors. Harry could smell the pine trees that lined the path down to the lake. He stepped down onto the platform and looked around, listening for the familiar call of \ldblquote Firs\rquote  years over here \'85 firs\rquote  years \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But it did not come. Instead a quite different voice, a brisk female\lang3081  \lang1033 one, was calling, \ldblquote First years line up over here, please! All first years to me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A lantern came swinging toward Harry and by its light he saw the prominent chin and severe haircut of Professor Grubbly-Plank, the witch who had taken over Hagrid\rquote s Care of Magical Creatures lessons for a while the previous year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Hagrid?\rdblquote  he said out loud.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Ginny, \ldblquote but we\rquote d better get out of the way, we\rquote re blocking the door.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ginny became separated as they moved off along the platform and out through the station. Jostled by the crowd, Harry squinted through the darkness for a glimpse of Hagrid; he had to be here, Harry had been relying on it \emdash  seeing Hagrid again had been one of the things to which he had been looking forward most. But there was no sign of him at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i He can\rquote t have left, \i0 Harry told himself as he shuffled slowly through a narrow doorway onto the road outside with the rest of the crowd. \i He\rquote s just got a cold or something. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 He looked around for Ron or Hermione, wanting to know what they thought about the reappearance of Professor Grubbly-Plank, but neither of them was anywhere near him, so he allowed himself to be shunted forward onto the dark rain-washed road outside Hogsmeade station.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Here stood the hundred or so horseless stagecoaches that always took the students above first year up to the castle. Harry glanced quickly at them, turned away to keep a lookout for Ron and Hermione, then did a double take.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The coaches were no longer horseless. There were creatures stand\-ing between the carriage shafts; if he had had to give them a name, he supposed he would have called them horses, though there was some\-thing reptilian about them, too. They were completely fleshless, their\lang3081  \lang1033 black coats clinging to their skeletons, of which every bone was visi\-ble. Their heads were dragonish, and their pupil-less eyes white and staring. Wings sprouted from each wither \emdash  vast, black leathery wings that looked as though they ought to belong to giant bats. Standing still and quiet in the gloom, the creatures looked eerie and sinister. Harry could not understand why the coaches were being pulled by these horrible horses when they were quite capable of moving along by themselves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Pig?\rdblquote  said Ron\rquote s voice, right behind Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That Luna girl was carrying him,\rdblquote  said Harry, turning quickly, ea\-ger to consult Ron about Hagrid. \ldblquote Where d\rquote you reckon \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  Hagrid is? I dunno,\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding worried. \ldblquote He\rquote d better be okay. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A short distance away, Draco Malfoy, followed by a small gang of cronies including Crabbe, Goyle, and Pansy Parkinson, was pushing some timid-looking second years out of the way so that they could get a coach to themselves. Seconds later Hermione emerged panting from the crowd.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy was being absolutely foul to a first year back there, I swear I\rquote m going to report him, he\rquote s only had his badge three minutes and he\rquote s using it to bully people worse than ever. \'85 Where\rquote s Crookshanks?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny\rquote s got him,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote There she is. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny had just emerged from the crowd, clutching a squirming Crookshanks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Hermione, relieving Ginny of the cat. \ldblquote Come on, let\rquote s get a carriage together before they all fill up. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t got Pig yet!\rdblquote  Ron said, but Hermione was already head\-ing off toward the nearest unoccupied coach. Harry remained behind with Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \i are\i0  those things, d\rquote you reckon?\rdblquote  he asked Ron, nodding at the horrible horses as the other students surged past them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What things?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Those horse \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Luna appeared holding Pigwidgeon\rquote s cage in her arms; the tiny owl was twittering excitedly as usual.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here you are,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote He\rquote s a sweet little owl, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85 yeah \'85 He\rquote s all right,\rdblquote  said Ron gruffly. \ldblquote Well, come on then, let\rquote s get in. \'85 what were you saying, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was saying, what are those horse things?\rdblquote  Harry said, as he, Ron, and Luna made for the carriage in which Hermione and Ginny were already sitting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What horse things?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The horse things pulling the carriages!\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently; they were, after all, about three feet from the nearest one; it was watching them with empty white eyes. Ron, however, gave Harry a perplexed look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you talking about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m talking about \emdash  look!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry grabbed Ron\rquote s arm and wheeled him about so that he was face-to-face with the winged horse. Ron stared straight at it for a sec\-ond, then looked back at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What am I supposed to be looking at?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At the \emdash  there, between the shafts! Harnessed to the coach! It\rquote s right there in front \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But as Ron continued to look bemused, a strange thought occurred to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 can\rquote t you see them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See \i what\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t you see what\rquote s pulling the carriages?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked seriously alarmed now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you feeling all right, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 yeah \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt utterly bewildered. The horse was there in front of him, gleaming solidly in the dim light issuing from the station windows\lang3081  \lang1033 behind them, vapor rising from its nostrils in the chilly night air. Yet unless Ron was faking \emdash  and it was a very feeble joke if he was \emdash  Ron could not see it at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shall we get in, then?\rdblquote  said Ron uncertainly, looking at Harry as though worried about him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Yeah, go on \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all right,\rdblquote  said a dreamy voice from beside Harry as Ron van\-ished into the coach\rquote s dark interior. \ldblquote You\rquote re not going mad or anything. I can see them too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you?\rdblquote  said Harry desperately, turning to Luna. He could see the bat-winged horses reflected in her wide, silvery eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Luna, \ldblquote I\rquote ve been able to see them ever since my first day here. They\rquote ve always pulled the carriages. Don\rquote t worry. You\rquote re just as sane as I am.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Smiling faintly, she climbed into the musty interior of the carriage after Ron. Not altogether reassured, Harry followed her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 11\par
\pard\qc The Sorting Hat\rquote s New Song\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry did not want to tell the others that he and Luna were having the same hallucination, if that was what it was, so he said nothing about the horses as he sat down inside the carriage and slammed the door behind him. Nevertheless, he could not help watching the silhouettes of the horses moving beyond the window.\par
\ldblquote Did everyone see that Grubbly-Plank woman?\rdblquote  asked Ginny. \ldblquote What\rquote s she doing back here? Hagrid can\rquote t have left, can he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll be quite glad if he has,\rdblquote  said Luna. \ldblquote He isn\rquote t a very good teacher, is he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, he is!\rdblquote  said Harry, Ron, and Ginny angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glared at Hermione; she cleared her throat and quickly said, \ldblquote Erm \'85 yes \'85 he\rquote s very good.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we think he\rquote s a bit of a joke in Ravenclaw,\rdblquote  said Luna, unfazed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve got a rubbish sense of humor then,\rdblquote  Ron snapped, as the wheels below them creaked into motion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Luna did not seem perturbed by Ron\rquote s rudeness; on the contrary,\lang3081  \lang1033 she simply watched him for a while as though he were a mildly inter\-esting television program.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rattling and swaying, the carriages moved in convoy up the road. When they passed between the tall stone pillars topped with winged boars on either side of the gates to the school grounds, Harry leaned forward to try and see whether there were any lights on in Hagrid\rquote s cabin by the Forbidden Forest, but the grounds were in complete darkness. Hogwarts Castle, however, loomed ever closer: a towering mass of turrets, jet-black against the dark sky, here and there a window blazing fiery bright above them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The carriages jingled to a halt near the stone steps leading up to the oak front doors and Harry got out of the carriage first. He turned again to look for lit windows down by the forest, but there was defi\-nitely no sign of life within Hagrid\rquote s cabin. Unwillingly, because he had half hoped they would have vanished, he turned his eyes instead upon the strange, skeletal creatures standing quietly in the chill night air, their blank white eyes gleaming.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had once before had the experience of seeing something that Ron could not, but that had been a reflection in a mirror, something much more insubstantial than a hundred very solid-looking beasts strong enough to pull a fleet of carriages. If Luna was to be believed, the beasts had always been there but invisible; why, then, could Harry suddenly see them, and why could Ron not?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you coming or what?\rdblquote  said Ron beside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, and they joined the crowd hur\-rying up the stone steps into the castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The entrance hall was ablaze with torches and echoing with foot\-steps as the students crossed the flagged stone floor for the double doors to the right, leading to the Great Hall and the start-of-term feast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The four long House tables in the Great Hall were filling up under\lang3081  \lang1033 the starless black ceiling, which was just like the sky they could glimpse through the high windows. Candles floated in midair all along the tables, illuminating the silvery ghosts who were dotted about the Hall and the faces of the students talking eagerly to one an\-other, exchanging summer news, shouting greetings at friends from other Houses, eyeing one another\rquote s new haircuts and robes. Again Harry noticed people putting their heads together to whisper as he passed; he gritted his teeth and tried to act as though he neither no\-ticed nor cared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Luna drifted away from them at the Ravenclaw table. The moment they reached Gryffindor\rquote s, Ginny was hailed by some fellow fourth years and left to sit with them; Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville found seats together about halfway down the table between Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor House ghost, and Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown, the last two of whom gave Harry airy, overly friendly greetings that made him quite sure they had stopped talking about him a split second before. He had more important things to worry about, however: He was looking over the students\rquote  heads to the staff table that ran along the top wall of the Hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s not there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione scanned the staff table too, though there was no real need; Hagrid\rquote s size made him instantly obvious in any lineup.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He can\rquote t have left,\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding slightly anxious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course he hasn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t think he\rquote s \'85 \i hurt,\i0  or anything, do you?\rdblquote  said Hermione uneasily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But where is he, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause, then Harry said very quietly, so that Neville, Parvati, and Lavender could not hear, \ldblquote Maybe he\rquote s not back yet. You know \emdash  from his mission \emdash  the thing he was doing over the sum\-mer for Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 yeah, that\rquote ll be it,\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding reassured, but Hermione bit her lip, looking up and down the staff table as though hoping for some conclusive explanation of Hagrid\rquote s absence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s \i that\i0 ?\rdblquote  she said sharply, pointing toward the middle of the staff table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s eyes followed hers. They lit first upon Professor Dumble\-dore, sitting in his high-backed golden chair at the center of the long staff table, wearing deep-purple robes scattered with silvery stars and a matching hat. Dumbledore\rquote s head was inclined toward the woman sitting next to him, who was talking into his ear. She looked, Harry thought, like somebody\rquote s maiden aunt: squat, with short, curly, mouse-brown hair in which she had placed a horrible pink Alice band that matched the fluffy pink cardigan she wore over her robes. Then she turned her face slightly to take a sip from her goblet and he saw, with a shock of recognition, a pallid, toadlike face and a pair of promi\-nent, pouchy eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s that Umbridge woman!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She was at my hearing, she works for Fudge!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice cardigan,\rdblquote  said Ron, smirking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She works for Fudge?\rdblquote  Hermione repeated, frowning. \ldblquote What on earth\rquote s she doing here, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione scanned the staff table, her eyes narrowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  she muttered, \ldblquote no, surely not\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not understand what she was talking about but did not ask; his attention had just been caught by Professor Grubbly-Plank who had just appeared behind the staff table; she worked her way along to the very end and took the seat that ought to have been Ha\-grid\rquote s. That meant that the first years must have crossed the lake and reached the castle, and sure enough, a few seconds later, the doors from the entrance hall opened. A long line of scared-looking first years\lang3081  \lang1033 entered, led by Professor McGonagall, who was carrying a stool on which sat an ancient wizard\rquote s hat, heavily patched and darned with a wide rip near the frayed brim.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The buzz of talk in the Great Hall faded away. The first years lined up in front of the staff table facing the rest of the students, and Pro\-fessor McGonagall placed the stool carefully in front of them, then stood back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The first years\rquote  faces glowed palely in the candlelight. A small boy right in the middle of the row looked as though he was trembling. Harry recalled, fleetingly, how terrified he had felt when he had stood there, waiting for the unknown test that would determine to which House he belonged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The whole school waited with bated breath. Then the rip near the hat\rquote s brim opened wide like a mouth and the Sorting Hat burst into song:\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i In times of old when I was new\par
And Hogwarts barely started\par
The founders of our noble school\par
Thought never to be parted:\par
United by a common goal,\par
They had the selfsame yearning,\par
To make the world\rquote s best magic school\par
And pass along their learning.\par
\ldblquote Together we will build and teach!\rdblquote\par
The four good friends decided\par
And never did they dream that they\par
Might someday be divided,\par
For were there such friends anywhere\par
As Slytherin and Gryffndor?\par
Unless it was the second pair\par
Of\lang3081  \lang1033 Huffepuff\lang3081  \lang1033 and Ravenclaw?\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i So how could \lang3081 it \lang1033 have gone so wrong?\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i How could such friendships fail?\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Why, I was there and so can tell\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i The whole sad, sorry tale.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Said Slytherin, \ldblquote We\rquote ll teach just those\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Whose ancestry is purest.\rdblquote\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Said Ravenclaw, \ldblquote We\rquote ll teach those whose\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Intelligence is surest.\rdblquote\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Said Gryffindor, \ldblquote We\rquote ll teach all those\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i With brave deeds to their name,\rdblquote\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Said Hufflepujf, \ldblquote I\rquote ll teach the lot,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i And treat them just the same.\rdblquote\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i These differences caused little strife\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i When first they came to light,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i For each of the four founders had\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i A House in which they might\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Take only those they wanted, so,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i For instance, Slytherin\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Took only pure-blood wizards\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Of great cunning, just like him,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i And only those of sharpest mind\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Were taught by Ravenclaw\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i While the bravest and the boldest\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Went to daring Gryffindor.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Good Hufflepujf she took the rest,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i And taught them all she knew,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Thus the Houses and their founders\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Retained friendships firm and true.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i So Hogwarts worked in harmony\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i For several happy years,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i But then discord crept among us\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Feeding on our faults and fears.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i The Houses that, like pillars four,\par
Had once held up our school,\par
Now turned upon each other and,\par
Divided, sought to rule.\par
And for a while it seemed the school\par
Must meet an early end,\par
What with dueling and with fighting\par
And the clash of friend on friend\par
And at last there came a morning\par
When old Slytherin departed\par
And though the fighting then died out\par
He left us quite downhearted.\par
And never since the founders four\par
Were whittled down to three\par
Have the Houses been united\par
As they once were meant to be.\par
And now the Sorting Hat is here\par
And you all know the score:\par
I sort you into Houses\par
Because that is what I\rquote m for,\par
But this year I\rquote ll go further,\par
Listen closely to my song:\par
Though condemned I am to split you\par
Still I worry that it\rquote s wrong,\par
Though I must fulfill my duty\par
And must quarter every year\par
Still I wonder whether sorting\par
May not bring the end I fear.\par
Oh, know the perils, read the signs,\par
The warning history shows,\par
For our Hogwarts is in danger\par
From external, deadly foes\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i And we must unite inside her\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Or we\rquote ll crumble from within.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I have told you, I have warned you. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Let the Sorting now begin.\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033 The hat became motionless once more; applause broke out, though it was punctured, for the first time in Harry\rquote s memory, with mutter\-ing and whispers. All across the Great Hall students were exchanging remarks with their neighbors and Harry, clapping along with every\-one else, knew exactly what they were talking about.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Branched out a bit this year, hasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Ron, his eyebrows raised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Too right it has,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Sorting Hat usually confined itself to describing the different qualities looked for by each of the four Hogwarts Houses and its own role in sorting them; Harry could not remember it ever trying to give the school advice before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wonder if it\rquote s ever given warnings before?\rdblquote  said Hermione, sounding slightly anxious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, indeed,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick knowledgeably, leaning across Neville toward her (Neville winced, it was very uncomfortable to have a ghost lean through you). \ldblquote The hat feels itself honor-bound to give the school due warning whenever it feels \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Professor McGonagall, who was waiting to read out the list of first years\rquote  names, was giving the whispering students the sort of look that scorches. Nearly Headless Nick placed a see-through finger to his lips and sat primly upright again as the muttering came to an abrupt end. With a last frowning look that swept the four House tables, Pro\-fessor McGonagall lowered her eyes to her long piece of parchment and called out,\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Abercrombie, Euan.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The terrified-looking boy Harry had noticed earlier stumbled\lang3081  \lang1033 forward and put the hat on his head; it was only prevented from falling right down to his shoulders by his very prominent ears. The hat considered for a moment, then the rip near the brim opened again and shouted, \ldblquote\i GRYFFINDOR\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry clapped loudly with the rest of Gryffindor House as Euan Abercrombie staggered to their table and sat down, looking as though he would like very much to sink through the floor and never be looked at again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slowly the long line of first years thinned; in the pauses between the names and the Sorting Hat\rquote s decisions, Harry could hear Ron\rquote s stomach rumbling loudly. Finally, \ldblquote Zeller, Rose\rdblquote  was sorted into Huf\-flepuff, and Professor McGonagall picked up the hat and stool and marched them away as Professor Dumbledore rose to his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was somehow soothed to see Dumbledore standing before them all, whatever his recent bitter feelings toward his headmaster. Between the absence of Hagrid and the presence of those dragonish horses, he had felt that his return to Hogwarts, so long anticipated, was full of unexpected surprises like jarring notes in a familiar song. But this, at least, was how it was supposed to be: their headmaster ris\-ing to greet them all before the start-of-term feast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To our newcomers,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore in a ringing voice, his arms stretched wide and a beaming smile on his lips, \ldblquote welcome! To our old hands \emdash  welcome back! There is a time for speech making, but this is not it. Tuck in!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was an appreciative laugh and an outbreak of applause as Dum\-bledore sat down neatly and threw his long beard over his shoulder so as to keep it out of the way of his plate \emdash  for food had appeared out of nowhere, so that the five long tables were groaning under joints and pies and dishes of vegetables, bread, sauces, and flagons of pumpkin juice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent,\rdblquote  said Ron, with a kind of groan of longing, and he seized the nearest plate of chops and began piling them onto his plate, watched wistfully by Nearly Headless Nick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What were you saying before the Sorting?\rdblquote  Hermione asked the ghost. \ldblquote About the hat giving warnings?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Nick, who seemed glad of a reason to turn away from Ron, who was now eating roast potatoes with almost indecent enthusiasm. \ldblquote Yes, I have heard the hat give several warnings before, always at times when it detects periods of great danger for the school. And always, of course, its advice is the same: Stand together, be strong from within.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ow kunnit nofe skusin danger ifzat?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His mouth was so full Harry thought it was quite an achievement for him to make any noise at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I beg your pardon?\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick politely, while Hermione looked revolted. Ron gave an enormous swallow and said, \ldblquote How can it know if the school\rquote s in danger if it\rquote s a hat?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have no idea,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick. \ldblquote Of course, it lives in Dumbledore\rquote s office, so I daresay it picks things up there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And it wants all the Houses to be friends?\rdblquote  said Harry, looking over at the Slytherin table, where Draco Malfoy was holding court. \ldblquote Fat chance.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, now, you shouldn\rquote t take that attitude,\rdblquote  said Nick reprovingly. \ldblquote Peaceful cooperation, that\rquote s the key. We ghosts, though we belong to separate Houses, maintain links of friendship. In spite of the compet\-itiveness between Gryffindor and Slytherin, I would never dream of seeking an argument with the Bloody Baron.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only because you\rquote re terrified of him,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nearly Headless Nick looked highly affronted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Terrified? I hope I, Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington, have never been guilty of cowardice in my life! The noble blood that runs in my veins \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What blood?\rdblquote  asked Ron. \ldblquote Surely you haven\rquote t still got \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s a figure of speech!\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick, now so annoyed his head was trembling ominously on his partially severed neck. \ldblquote I\lang3081  \lang1033 assume I am still allowed to enjoy the use of whichever words I like, even if the pleasures of eating and drinking are denied me! But I am quite used to students poking fun at my death, I assure you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nick, he wasn\rquote t really laughing at you!\rdblquote  said Hermione, throwing a furious look at Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Unfortunately, Ron\rquote s mouth was packed to exploding point again and all he could manage was \ldblquote node iddum eentup sechew,\rdblquote  which Nick did not seem to think constituted an adequate apology. Rising into the air, he straightened his feathered hat and swept away from them to the other end of the table, coming to rest between the Creevey brothers, Colin and Dennis.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well done, Ron,\rdblquote  snapped Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron indignantly, having managed, finally, to swallow his food. \ldblquote I\rquote m not allowed to ask a simple question?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh forget it,\rdblquote  said Hermione irritably, and the pair of them spent the rest of the meal in huffy silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was too used to their bickering to bother trying to reconcile them; he felt it was a better use of his time to eat his way steadily through his steak-and-kidney pie, then a large plateful of his favorite treacle tart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When all the students had finished eating and the noise level in the hall was starting to creep upward again, Dumbledore got to his feet once more. Talking ceased immediately as all turned to face the head\-master. Harry was feeling pleasantly drowsy now. His four-poster bed was waiting somewhere above, wonderfully warm and soft. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, now that we are all digesting another magnificent feast, I beg a few moments of your attention for the usual start-of-term notices,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote First years ought to know that the forest in the grounds is out of bounds to students \emdash  and a few of our older students ought to know by now too.\rdblquote  (Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged smirks.)\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Filch, the caretaker, has asked me, for what he tells me is the four hundred and sixty-second time, to remind you all that magic is not permitted in corridors between classes, nor are a number of other things, all of which can be checked on the extensive list now fastened to Mr. Filch\rquote s office door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We have had two changes in staffing this year. We are very pleased to welcome back Professor Grubbly-Plank, who will be taking Care of Magical Creatures lessons; we are also delighted to introduce Profes\-sor Umbridge, our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a round of polite but fairly unenthusiastic applause dur\-ing which Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged slightly panicked looks; Dumbledore had not said for how long Grubbly-Plank would be teaching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore continued, \ldblquote Tryouts for the House Quidditch teams will take place on the \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He broke off, looking inquiringly at Professor Umbridge. As she was not much taller standing than sitting, there was a moment when nobody understood why Dumbledore had stopped talking, but then Professor Umbridge said, \ldblquote\i Hem, hem,\i0\rdblquote  and it became clear that she had got to her feet and was intending to make a speech.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore only looked taken aback for a moment, then he sat back down smartly and looked alertly at Professor Umbridge as though he desired nothing better than to listen to her talk. Other members of staff were not as adept at hiding their surprise. Professor Sprout\rquote s eyebrows had disappeared into her flyaway hair, and Profes\-sor McGonagall\rquote s mouth was as thin as Harry had ever seen it. No new teacher had ever interrupted Dumbledore before. Many of the students were smirking; this woman obviously did not know how things were done at Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Headmaster,\rdblquote  Professor Umbridge simpered, \ldblquote for those kind words of welcome.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her voice was high-pitched, breathy, and little-girlish and again, Harry felt a powerful rush of dislike that he could not explain to him\-self; all he knew was that he loathed everything about her, from her stupid voice to her fluffy pink cardigan. She gave another little throat-clearing cough (\ldblquote\i Hem, hem\i0\rdblquote ) and continued: \ldblquote Well, it is lovely to be back at Hogwarts, I must say!\rdblquote  She smiled, revealing very pointed teeth. \ldblquote And to see such happy little faces looking back at me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced around. None of the faces he could see looked happy; on the contrary, they all looked rather taken aback at being addressed as though they were five years old.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am very much looking forward to getting to know you all, and I\rquote m sure we\rquote ll be very good friends!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Students exchanged looks at this; some of them were barely con\-cealing grins.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll be her friend as long as I don\rquote t have to borrow that cardigan,\rdblquote  Parvati whispered to Lavender, and both of them lapsed into silent giggles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge cleared her throat again (\ldblquote\i Hem, hem\i0\rdblquote ), but when she continued, some of the breathiness had vanished from her voice. She sounded much more businesslike and now her words had a dull learned-by-heart sound to them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Ministry of Magic has always considered the education of young witches and wizards to be of vital importance. The rare gifts with which you were born may come to nothing if not nurtured and honed by careful instruction. The ancient skills unique to the Wiz\-arding community must be passed down through the generations lest we lose them forever. The treasure trove of magical knowledge amassed by our ancestors must be guarded, replenished, and polished by those who have been called to the noble profession of teaching.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge paused here and made a little bow to her fellow staff members, none of whom bowed back. Professor McGona\-gall\rquote s dark eyebrows had contracted so that she looked positively\lang3081  \lang1033 hawklike, and Harry distinctly saw her exchange a significant glance with Professor Sprout as Umbridge gave another little \ldblquote\i Hem, hem\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\i  \lang1033\i0 and went on with her speech.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Every headmaster and headmistress of Hogwarts has brought something new to the weighty task of governing this historic school, and that is as it should be, for without progress there will be stagnation and decay. There again, progress for progress\rquote s sake must be discour\-aged, for our tried and tested traditions often require no tinkering. A balance, then, between old and new, between permanence and change, between tradition and innovation \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry found his attentiveness ebbing, as though his brain was slip\-ping in and out of tune. The quiet that always filled the Hall when Dumbledore was speaking was breaking up as students put their heads together, whispering and giggling. Over at the Ravenclaw table, Cho Chang was chatting animatedly with her friends. A few seats along from Cho, Luna Lovegood had got out \i The Quibbler\i0  again. Mean\-while at the Hufflepuff table, Ernie Macmillan was one of the few still staring at Professor Umbridge, but he was glassy-eyed and Harry was sure he was only pretending to listen in an attempt to live up to the new prefect\rquote s badge gleaming on his chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge did not seem to notice the restlessness of her audience. Harry had the impression that a full-scale riot could have broken out under her nose and she would have plowed on with her speech. The teachers, however, were still listening very attentively, and Hermione seemed to be drinking in every word Umbridge spoke, though judging by her expression, they were not at all to her taste.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 because some changes will be for the better, while others will come, in the fullness of time, to be recognized as errors of judgment. Meanwhile, some old habits will be retained, and rightly so, whereas others, outmoded and outworn, must be abandoned. Let us move forward, then, into a new era of openness, effectiveness, and account\-ability, intent on preserving what ought to be preserved, perfecting\lang3081  \lang1033 what needs to be perfected, and pruning wherever we find practices that ought to be prohibited.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She sat down. Dumbledore clapped. The staff followed his lead, though Harry noticed that several of them brought their hands to\-gether only once or twice before stopping. A few students joined in, but most had been taken unawares by the end of the speech, not hav\-ing listened to more than a few words of it, and before they could start applauding properly, Dumbledore had stood up again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you very much, Professor Umbridge, that was most illumi\-nating,\rdblquote  he said, bowing to her. \ldblquote Now \emdash  as I was saying, Quidditch tryouts will be held \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, it certainly was illuminating,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a low voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not telling me you enjoyed it?\rdblquote  Ron said quietly, turning a glazed face upon Hermione. \ldblquote That was about the dullest speech I\rquote ve ever heard, and I grew up with Percy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I said illuminating, not enjoyable,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote It explained a lot.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did it?\rdblquote  said Harry in surprise. \ldblquote Sounded like a load of waffle to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There was some important stuff hidden in the waffle,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione grimly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Was there?\rdblquote  said Ron blankly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How about \lquote progress for progress\rquote s sake must be discouraged\rquote ? How about \lquote pruning wherever we find practices that ought to be prohibited\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, what does that mean?\rdblquote  said Ron impatiently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll tell you what it means,\rdblquote  said Hermione ominously. \ldblquote It means the Ministry\rquote s interfering at Hogwarts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a great clattering and banging all around them; Dumb\-ledore had obviously just dismissed the school, because everyone was standing up ready to leave the Hall. Hermione jumped up, looking flustered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, we\rquote re supposed to show the first years where to go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, who had obviously forgotten. \ldblquote Hey \emdash  hey you lot! Midgets!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Ron\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, they are, they\rquote re titchy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, but you can\rquote t call them midgets. \'85 First years!\rdblquote  Hermione called commandingly along the table. \ldblquote This way, please!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A group of new students walked shyly up the gap between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables, all of them trying hard not to lead the group. They did indeed seem very small; Harry was sure he had not appeared that young when he had arrived here. He grinned at them. A blond boy next to Euan Abercrombie looked petrified, nudged Euan, and whispered something in his ear. Euan Abercrombie looked equally frightened and stole a horrified look at Harry, who felt the grin slide off his face like Stinksap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See you later,\rdblquote  he said to Ron and Hermione and he made his way out of the Great Hall alone, doing everything he could to ignore more whispering, staring, and pointing as he passed. He kept his eyes fixed ahead as he wove his way through the crowd in the entrance hall, then he hurried up the marble staircase, took a couple of concealed short\-cuts, and had soon left most of the crowds behind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had been stupid not to expect this, he thought angrily, as he walked through much emptier upstairs corridors. Of course everyone was staring at him: He had emerged from the Triwizard maze two months ago clutching the dead body of a fellow student and claiming to have seen Lord Voldemort return to power. There had not been time last term to explain himself before everyone went home, even if he had felt up to giving the whole school a detailed account of the ter\-rible events in that graveyard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had reached the end of the corridor to the Gryffindor common room and had come to a halt in front of the portrait of the Fat Lady before he realized that he did not know the new password.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85\rdblquote  he said glumly, staring up at the Fat Lady, who smoothed the folds of her pink satin dress and looked sternly back at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No password, no entrance,\rdblquote  she said loftily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I know it!\rdblquote  someone panted from behind him, and he turned to see Neville jogging toward him. \ldblquote Guess what it is? I\rquote m actu\-ally going to be able to remember it for once\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote  He waved the stunted little cactus he had shown them on the train. \ldblquote\i Mimbulus mimbletonia\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Correct,\rdblquote  said the Fat Lady, and her portrait swung open toward them like a door, revealing a circular hole in the wall behind, through which Harry and Neville now climbed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Gryffindor common room looked as welcoming as ever, a cozy circular tower room full of dilapidated squashy armchairs and rickety old tables. A fire was crackling merrily in the grate and a few people were warming their hands before going up to their dormitories; on the other side of the room Fred and George Weasley were pinning some\-thing up on the notice board. Harry waved good night to them and headed straight for the door to the boys\rquote  dormitories; he was not in much of a mood for talking at the moment. Neville followed him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan had reached the dormitory first and were in the process of covering the walls beside their beds with posters and photographs. They had been talking as Harry pushed open the door but stopped abruptly the moment they saw him. Harry wondered whether they had been talking about him, then whether he was being paranoid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  he said, moving across to his own trunk and opening it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dean, who was putting on a pair of pajamas in the West Ham colors. \ldblquote Good holiday?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not bad,\rdblquote  muttered Harry, as a true account of his holiday would have taken most of the night to relate and he could not face it. \ldblquote You?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it was okay,\rdblquote  chuckled Dean. \ldblquote Better than Seamus\rquote s anyway, he was just telling me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why, what happened, Seamus?\rdblquote  Neville asked as he placed his \i Mimbulus mimbletonia \i0 tenderly on his bedside cabinet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seamus did not answer immediately; he was making rather a meal of ensuring that his poster of the Kenmare Kestrels Quidditch team was quite straight. Then he said, with his back still turned to Harry, \ldblquote Me mam didn\rquote t want me to come back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry, pausing in the act of pulling off his robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She didn\rquote t want me to come back to Hogwarts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seamus turned away from his poster and pulled his own pajamas out of his trunk, still not looking at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash  why?\rdblquote  said Harry, astonished. He knew that Seamus\rquote s mother was a witch and could not understand, therefore, why she should have come over so Dursley-ish.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seamus did not answer until he had finished buttoning his pajamas.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  he said in a measured voice, \ldblquote I suppose \'85 because of you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. His heart was beating rather fast. He felt vaguely as though something was closing in on him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Seamus again, still avoiding Harry\rquote s eyes, \ldblquote she \'85 er \'85 well, it\rquote s not just you, it\rquote s Dumbledore too \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She believes the \i Daily Prophet\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote She thinks I\rquote m a liar and Dumbledore\rquote s an old fool?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seamus looked up at him. \ldblquote Yeah, something like that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said nothing. He threw his wand down onto his bedside table, pulled off his robes, stuffed them angrily into his trunk, and pulled on his pajamas. He was sick of it; sick of being the person who was stared at and talked about all the time. If any of them knew, if any of them had the faintest idea what it felt like to be the one all these things had happened to \'85 Mrs. Finnigan had no idea, the stupid woman, he thought savagely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He got into bed and made to pull the hangings closed around him, but before he could do so, Seamus said, \ldblquote Look \'85 what \i did\i0  happen that night when \'85 you know, when \'85 with Cedric Diggory and all?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seamus sounded nervous and eager at the same time. Dean, who had been bending over his trunk, trying to retrieve a slipper, went oddly still and Harry knew he was listening hard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you asking me for?\rdblquote  Harry retorted. \ldblquote Just read the \i Daily Prophet\i0  like your mother, why don\rquote t you? That\rquote ll tell you all you need to know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you have a go at my mother,\rdblquote  snapped Seamus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll have a go at anyone who calls me a liar,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t talk to me like that!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll talk to you how I want,\rdblquote  said Harry, his temper rising so fast he snatched his wand back from his bedside table. \ldblquote If you\rquote ve got a prob\-lem sharing a dormitory with me, go and ask McGonagall if you can be moved, stop your mummy worrying \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Leave my mother out of this, Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had appeared in the doorway. His wide eyes traveled from Harry, who was kneeling on his bed with his wand pointing at Sea\-mus, to Seamus, who was standing there with his fists raised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s having a go at my mother!\rdblquote  Seamus yelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Harry wouldn\rquote t do that \emdash  we met your mother, we liked her. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s before she started believing every word the stinking \i Daily Prophet\i0  writes about me!\rdblquote  said Harry at the top of his voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Ron, comprehension dawning across his freckled face. \ldblquote Oh \'85 right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what?\rdblquote  said Seamus heatedly, casting Harry a venomous look. \ldblquote He\rquote s right, I don\rquote t want to share a dormitory with him any\-more, he\rquote s a madman.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s out of order, Seamus,\rdblquote  said Ron, whose ears were starting to glow red, always a danger sign.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Out of order, am I?\rdblquote  shouted Seamus, who in contrast with Ron\lang3081  \lang1033 was turning paler. \ldblquote You believe all the rubbish he\rquote s come out with about You-Know-Who, do you, you reckon he\rquote s telling the truth?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I do!\rdblquote  said Ron angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then you\rquote re mad too,\rdblquote  said Seamus in disgust.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah? Well unfortunately for you, pal, I\rquote m also a prefect!\rdblquote  said Ron, jabbing himself in the chest with a finger. \ldblquote So unless you want detention, watch your mouth!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seamus looked for a few seconds as though detention would be a reasonable price to pay to say what was going through his mind; but with a noise of contempt he turned on his heel, vaulted into bed, and pulled the hangings shut with such violence that they were ripped from the bed and fell in a dusty pile to the floor. Ron glared at Sea\-mus, then looked at Dean and Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyone else\rquote s parents got a problem with Harry?\rdblquote  he said aggressively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My parents are Muggles, mate,\rdblquote  said Dean, shrugging. \ldblquote They don\rquote t know nothing about no deaths at Hogwarts, because I\rquote m not stupid enough to tell them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t know my mother, she\rquote ll weasel anything out of anyone!\rdblquote  Seamus snapped at him. \ldblquote Anyway, your parents don\rquote t get the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  they don\rquote t know our headmaster\rquote s been sacked from the Wiz\-engamot and the International Confederation of Wizards because he\rquote s losing his marbles \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My gran says that\rquote s rubbish,\rdblquote  piped up Neville. \ldblquote She says it\rquote s the \i Daily Prophet\i0  that\rquote s going downhill, not Dumbledore. She\rquote s canceled our subscription. We believe Harry,\rdblquote  he said simply. He climbed into bed and pulled the covers up to his chin, looking owlishly over them at Seamus. \ldblquote My gran\rquote s always said You-Know-Who would come back one day. She says if Dumbledore says he\rquote s back, he\rquote s back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a rush of gratitude toward Neville. Nobody else said anything. Seamus got out his wand, repaired the bed hangings, and\lang3081  \lang1033 vanished behind them. Dean got into bed, rolled over, and fell silent. Neville, who appeared to have nothing more to say either, was gazing fondly at his moonlit cactus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry lay back on his pillows while Ron bustled around the next bed, putting his things away. He felt shaken by the argument with Seamus, whom he had always liked very much. How many more peo\-ple were going to suggest that he was lying or unhinged?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Had Dumbledore suffered like this all summer, as first the Wizen\-gamot, then the International Confederation of Wizards had thrown him from their ranks? Was it anger at Harry, perhaps, that had stopped Dumbledore getting in touch with him for months? The two of them were in this together, after all; Dumbledore had believed Harry, announced his version of events to the whole school and then to the wider Wizarding community. Anyone who thought Harry was a liar had to think that Dumbledore was too or else that Dumbledore had been hoodwinked. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i They\rquote ll know we\rquote re right in the end,\i0  thought Harry miserably, as Ron got into bed and extinguished the last candle in the dormitory. But he wondered how many attacks like Seamus\rquote s he would have to endure before that time came.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 12\par
\pard\qc Professor Umbridge\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Seamus dressed at top speed next morning and left the dormitory before Harry had even put on his socks.\par
\ldblquote Does he think he\rquote ll turn into a nutter if he stays in a room with me too long?\rdblquote  asked Harry loudly, as the hem of Seamus\rquote s robes whipped out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry about it, Harry,\rdblquote  Dean muttered, hoisting his school-bag onto his shoulder. \ldblquote He\rquote s just\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  But apparently he was unable to say exactly what Seamus was, and after a slightly awkward pause fol\-lowed him out of the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville and Ron both gave Harry it\rquote s-his-problem-not-yours looks, but Harry was not much consoled. How much more of this was he going to have to take?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote  asked Hermione five minutes later, catching up with Harry and Ron halfway across the common room as they all headed toward breakfast. \ldblquote You look absolutely \emdash  oh for heaven\rquote s sake.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was staring at the common room notice board, where a large new sign had been put up.\par
\par
\pard\qc GALLONS OF GALLEONS!\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pocket money failing to keep pace with your outgoings?\par
Like to earn a little extra gold?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Contact Fred and George Weasley,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Gryffindor common room,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 for simple, part-time, virtually painless jobs\lang3081\par
\lang1033\fs20 (WE REGRET THAT ALL WORK IS UNDERTAKEN AT APPLICANT\rquote S OWN RISK)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote They are the limit,\rdblquote  said Hermione grimly, taking down the sign, which Fred and George had pinned up over a poster giving the date of the first Hogsmeade weekend in October. \ldblquote We\rquote ll have to talk to them, Ron.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked positively alarmed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because we\rquote re prefects!\rdblquote  said Hermione, as they climbed out through the portrait hole. \ldblquote It\rquote s up to us to stop this kind of thing!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron said nothing; Harry could tell from his glum expression that the prospect of stopping Fred and George doing exactly what they liked was not one that he found inviting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway, what\rquote s up, Harry?\rdblquote  Hermione continued, as they walked down a flight of stairs lined with portraits of old witches and wizards, all of whom ignored them, being engrossed in their own conversation. \ldblquote You look really angry about something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seamus reckons Harry\rquote s lying about You-Know-Who,\rdblquote  said Ron succinctly, when Harry did not respond.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione, whom Harry had expected to react angrily on his behalf, sighed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Lavender thinks so too,\rdblquote  she said gloomily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Been having a nice little chat with her about whether or not I\rquote m\lang3081  \lang1033 a lying, attention-seeking prat, have you?\rdblquote  Harry said loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Hermione calmly, \ldblquote I told her to keep her big fat mouth\lang3081  \lang1033 shut about you, actually. And it would be quite nice if you stopped jumping down Ron\rquote s and my throats, Harry, because if you haven\rquote t noticed, we\rquote re on your side.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a short pause.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  said Harry in a low voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s quite all right,\rdblquote  said Hermione with dignity. Then she shook her head. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you remember what Dumbledore said at the end-of-term feast last year?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron both looked at her blankly, and Hermione sighed again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote About You-Know-Who. He said, \lquote\i His gift for spreading discord and enmity is very great. We can fight it only by showing an equally strong bond of friendship and trust\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you remember stuff like that?\rdblquote  asked Ron, looking at her in admiration.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I listen, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione with a touch of asperity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So do I, but I still couldn\rquote t tell you exactly what \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The point,\rdblquote  Hermione pressed on loudly, \ldblquote is that this sort of thing is exactly what Dumbledore was talking about. You-Know-Who\rquote s only been back two months, and we\rquote ve started fighting among our\-selves. And the Sorting Hat\rquote s warning was the same \emdash  stand together, be united \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Harry said it last night,\rdblquote  retorted Ron, \ldblquote if that means we\rquote re supposed to get matey with the Slytherins, fat chance.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I think it\rquote s a pity we\rquote re not trying for a bit of inter-House unity,\rdblquote  said Hermione crossly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had reached the foot of the marble staircase. A line of fourth-year Ravenclaws was crossing the entrance hall; they caught sight of Harry and hurried to form a tighter group, as though frightened he might attack stragglers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, we really ought to be trying to make friends with people like that,\rdblquote  said Harry sarcastically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They followed the Ravenclaws into the Great Hall, looking in\-stinctively at the staff table as they entered. Professor Grubbly-Plank was chatting to Professor Sinistra, the Astronomy teacher, and Hagrid was once again conspicuous only by his absence. The enchanted ceil\-ing above them echoed Harry\rquote s mood; it was a miserable rain-cloud gray.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore didn\rquote t even mention how long that Grubbly-Plank woman\rquote s staying,\rdblquote  he said, as they made their way across to the Gryffindor table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe \'85\rdblquote  said Hermione thoughtfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said both Harry and Ron together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 maybe he didn\rquote t want to draw attention to Hagrid not being here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, draw attention to it?\rdblquote  said Ron, half laughing. \ldblquote How could we not notice?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before Hermione could answer, a tall black girl with long, braided hair had marched up to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Angelina.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  she said briskly, \ldblquote good summer?\rdblquote  And without waiting for an answer, \ldblquote Listen, I\rquote ve been made Gryffindor Quidditch Captain.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice one,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning at her; he suspected Angelina\rquote s pep talks might not be as long-winded as Oliver Wood\rquote s had been, which could only be an improvement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, we need a new Keeper now Oliver\rquote s left. Tryouts are on Friday at five o\rquote clock and I want the whole team there, all right? Then we can see how the new person\rquote ll fit in.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, and she smiled at him and departed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d forgotten Wood had left,\rdblquote  said Hermione vaguely, sitting down beside Ron and pulling a plate of toast toward her. \ldblquote I suppose that will make quite a difference to the team?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I s\rquote pose,\rdblquote  said Harry, taking the bench opposite. \ldblquote He was a good Keeper. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Still, it won\rquote t hurt to have some new blood, will it?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a \i whoosh\i0  and a clatter, hundreds of owls came soaring in through the upper windows. They descended all over the Hall, bring\-ing letters and packages to their owners and showering the breakfasters with droplets of water; it was clearly raining hard outside. Hedwig was nowhere to be seen, but Harry was hardly surprised; his only corre\-spondent was Sirius, and he doubted Sirius would have anything new to tell him after only twenty-four hours apart. Hermione, however, had to move her orange juice aside quickly to make way for a large damp barn owl bearing a sodden \i Daily Prophet\i0  in its beak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you still getting that for?\rdblquote  said Harry irritably, thinking of Seamus, as Hermione placed a Knut in the leather pouch on the owl\rquote s leg and it took off again. \ldblquote I\rquote m not bothering \'85 load of rubbish.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s best to know what the enemy are saying,\rdblquote  said Hermione darkly, and she unfurled the newspaper and disappeared behind it, not emerging until Harry and Ron had finished eating.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  she said simply, rolling up the newspaper and laying it down by her plate. \ldblquote Nothing about you or Dumbledore or anything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall was now moving along the table handing out schedules.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at today!\rdblquote  groaned Ron. \ldblquote History of Magic, double Potions, Divination, and double Defense Against the Dark Arts \'85 Binns, Snape, Trelawney, and that Umbridge woman all in one day! I wish Fred and George\rquote d hurry up and get those Skiving Snackboxes sorted. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do mine ears deceive me?\rdblquote  said Fred, arriving with George and squeezing onto the bench beside Harry. \ldblquote Hogwarts prefects surely don\rquote t wish to skive off lessons?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look what we\rquote ve got today,\rdblquote  said Ron grumpily, shoving his schedule under Fred\rquote s nose. \ldblquote That\rquote s the worst Monday I\rquote ve ever seen.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fair point, little bro,\rdblquote  said Fred, scanning the column. \ldblquote You can have a bit of Nosebleed Nougat cheap if you like.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why\rquote s it cheap?\rdblquote  said Ron suspiciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because you\rquote ll keep bleeding till you shrivel up, we haven\rquote t got an antidote yet,\rdblquote  said George, helping himself to a kipper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cheers,\rdblquote  said Ron moodily, pocketing his schedule, \ldblquote but I think I\rquote ll take the lessons.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And speaking of your Skiving Snackboxes,\rdblquote  said Hermione, eyeing Fred and George beadily, \ldblquote you can\rquote t advertise for testers on the Gryffindor notice board.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Says who?\rdblquote  said George, looking astonished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Says me,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote And Ron.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Leave me out of it,\rdblquote  said Ron hastily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione glared at him. Fred and George sniggered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll be singing a different tune soon enough, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Fred, thickly buttering a crumpet. \ldblquote You\rquote re starting your fifth year, you\rquote ll be begging us for a Snackbox before long.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And why would starting fifth year mean I want a Skiving Snack\-box?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fifth year\rquote s O.W.L. year,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you\rquote ve got your exams coming up, haven\rquote t you? They\rquote ll be keep\-ing your noses so hard to that grindstone they\rquote ll be rubbed raw,\rdblquote  said Fred with satisfaction.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Half our year had minor breakdowns coming up to O.W.L.s,\rdblquote  said George happily. \ldblquote Tears and tantrums \'85 Patricia Stimpson kept com\-ing over faint. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kenneth Towler came out in boils, d\rquote you remember?\rdblquote  said Fred reminiscently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s \rquote cause you put Bulbadox Powder in his pajamas,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  said Fred, grinning. \ldblquote I\rquote d forgotten. \'85 Hard to keep track sometimes, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway, it\rquote s a nightmare of a year, the fifth,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote If you\lang3081  \lang1033 care about exam results anyway. Fred and I managed to keep our spir\-its up somehow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 you got, what was it, three O.W.L.s each?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Fred unconcernedly. \ldblquote But we feel our futures lie outside the world of academic achievement.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We seriously debated whether we were going to bother coming back for our seventh year,\rdblquote  said George brightly, \ldblquote now that we\rquote ve got \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He broke off at a warning look from Harry, who knew George had been about to mention the Triwizard winnings he had given them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  now that we\rquote ve got our O.W.L.s,\rdblquote  George said hastily. \ldblquote I mean, do we really need N.E.W.T.s? But we didn\rquote t think Mum could take us leaving school early, not on top of Percy turning out to be the world\rquote s biggest prat.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not going to waste our last year here, though,\rdblquote  said Fred, looking affectionately around at the Great Hall. \ldblquote We\rquote re going to use it to do a bit of market research, find out exactly what the average Hog\-warts student requires from his joke shop, carefully evaluate the results of our research, and then produce the products to fit the demand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But where are you going to get the gold to start a joke shop?\rdblquote  asked Hermione skeptically. \ldblquote You\rquote re going to need all the ingredients and materials \emdash  and premises too, I suppose. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not look at the twins. His face felt hot; he deliberately dropped his fork and dived down to retrieve it. He heard Fred say overhead, \ldblquote Ask us no questions and we\rquote ll tell you no lies, Hermione. C\rquote mon, George, if we get there early we might be able to sell a few Ex\-tendable Ears before Herbology.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry emerged from under the table to see Fred and George walk\-ing away, each carrying a stack of toast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did that mean?\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking from Harry to Ron. \ldblquote  \lquote Ask us no questions \'85\rquote  Does that mean they\rquote ve already got some gold to start a joke shop?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know, I\rquote ve been wondering about that,\rdblquote  said Ron, his brow furrowed. \ldblquote They bought me a new set of dress robes this summer, and I couldn\rquote t understand where they got the Galleons. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry decided it was time to steer the conversation out of these dangerous waters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you reckon it\rquote s true this year\rquote s going to be really tough? Because of the exams?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Bound to be, isn\rquote t it? O.W.L.s are really important, affect the jobs you can apply for and everything. We get career advice too, later this year, Bill told me. So you can choose what N.E.W.T.s you want to do next year.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you know what you want to do after Hogwarts?\rdblquote  Harry asked the other two, as they left the Great Hall shortly afterward and set off toward their History of Magic classroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not really,\rdblquote  said Ron slowly. \ldblquote Except\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked slightly sheepish.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  Harry urged him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it\rquote d be cool to be an Auror,\rdblquote  said Ron in an offhand voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it would,\rdblquote  said Harry fervently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But they\rquote re, like, the elite,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You\rquote ve got to be really good. What about you, Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I think I\rquote d really like to do some\-thing worthwhile.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An Auror\rquote s worthwhile!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, it is, but it\rquote s not the only worthwhile thing,\rdblquote  said Hermione thoughtfully. \ldblquote I mean, if I could take S.P.E.W. further \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron carefully avoided looking at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 History of Magic was by common consent the most boring subject ever devised by Wizard-kind. Professor Binns, their ghost teacher, had a wheezy, droning voice that was almost guaranteed to cause severe drowsiness within ten minutes, five in warm weather. He never varied the form of their lessons, but lectured them without pausing while\lang3081  \lang1033 they took notes, or rather, gazed sleepily into space. Harry and Ron had so far managed to scrape passes in this subject only by copying Hermione\rquote s notes before exams; she alone seemed able to resist the so\-porific power of Binns\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Today they suffered through three quarters of an hour\rquote s droning on the subject of giant wars. Harry heard just enough within the first ten minutes to appreciate dimly that in another teacher\rquote s hands this subject might have been mildly interesting, but then his brain disengaged, and he spent the remaining thirty-five minutes playing hangman on a corner of his parchment with Ron, while Hermione shot them filthy looks out of the corner of her eye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How would it be,\rdblquote  she asked them coldly as they left the classroom for break (Binns drifting away through the blackboard), \ldblquote if I refused to lend you my notes this year?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote d fail our O.W.L.s,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote If you want that on your con\-science, Hermione \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you\rquote d deserve it,\rdblquote  she snapped. \ldblquote You don\rquote t even try to listen to him, do you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We do try,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote We just haven\rquote t got your brains or your memory or your concentration \emdash  you\rquote re just cleverer than we are \emdash  is it nice to rub it in?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, don\rquote t give me that rubbish,\rdblquote  said Hermione, but she looked slightly mollified as she led the way out into the damp courtyard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A fine misty drizzle was falling, so that the people standing in hud\-dles around the yard looked blurred at the edges. Harry, Ron, and Hermione chose a secluded corner under a heavily dripping balcony, turning up the collars of their robes against the chilly September air and talking about what Snape was likely to set them in the first lesson of the year. They had got as far as agreeing that it was likely to be something extremely difficult, just to catch them off guard after a two-month holiday, when someone walked around the corner toward them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Cho Chang and what was more, she was on her own again. This was most unusual: Cho was almost always surrounded by a gang of giggling girls; Harry remembered the agony of trying to get her by herself to ask her to the Yule Ball.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Harry, feeling his face grow hot. \i At least you\rquote re not covered in Stinksap this time,\i0  he told himself. Cho seemed to be thinking along the same lines.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You got that stuff off, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to grin as though the memory of their last meeting was funny as opposed to mortifying. \ldblquote So did you \'85 er \'85 have a good summer?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The moment he had said this he wished he hadn\rquote t: Cedric had been Cho\rquote s boyfriend and the memory of his death must have affected her holiday almost as badly as it had affected Harry\rquote s. \'85 Something seemed to tauten in her face, but she said, \ldblquote Oh, it was all right, you know. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is that a Tornados badge?\rdblquote  Ron demanded suddenly, pointing at the front of Cho\rquote s robes, to which a sky-blue badge emblazoned with a double gold T was pinned. \ldblquote You don\rquote t support them, do you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I do,\rdblquote  said Cho.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you always supported them, or just since they started win\-ning the league?\rdblquote  said Ron, in what Harry considered an unnecessarily accusatory tone of voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve supported them since I was six,\rdblquote  said Cho coolly. \ldblquote Anyway \'85 see you, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She walked away. Hermione waited until Cho was halfway across the courtyard before rounding on Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are so tactless!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? I only asked her if\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Couldn\rquote t you tell she wanted to talk to Harry on her own?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So? She could\rquote ve done, I wasn\rquote t stopping \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What on earth were you attacking her about her Quidditch team for?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Attacking? I wasn\rquote t attacking her, I was only \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who \i cares\i0  if she supports the Tornados?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, come on, half the people you see wearing those badges only bought them last season \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what does it \i matter\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It means they\rquote re not real fans, they\rquote re just jumping on the bandwagon \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s the bell,\rdblquote  said Harry listlessly, because Ron and Hermione were bickering too loudly to hear it. They did not stop arguing all the way down to Snape\rquote s dungeon, which gave Harry plenty of time to re\-flect that between Neville and Ron he would be lucky ever to have two minutes\rquote  conversation with Cho that he could look back on without wanting to leave the country.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And yet, he thought, as they joined the queue lining up outside Snape\rquote s classroom door, she had chosen to come and talk to him, hadn\rquote t she? She had been Cedric\rquote s girlfriend; she could easily have hated Harry for coming out of the Triwizard maze alive when Cedric had died, yet she was talking to him in a perfectly friendly way, not as though she thought him mad, or a liar, or in some horrible way responsible for Cedric\rquote s death. \'85 Yes, she had definitely chosen to come and talk to him, and that made the second time in two days \'85 and at this thought, Harry\rquote s spirits rose. Even the ominous sound of Snape\rquote s dun\-geon door creaking open did not puncture the small, hopeful bubble that seemed to have swelled in his chest. He filed into the classroom be\-hind Ron and Hermione and followed them to their usual table at the back, ignoring the huffy, irritable noises now issuing from both of them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Settle down,\rdblquote  said Snape coldly, shutting the door behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no real need for the call to order; the moment the class\lang3081  \lang1033 had heard the door close, quiet had fallen and all fidgeting stopped. Snape\rquote s mere presence was usually enough to ensure a class\rquote s silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Before we begin today\rquote s lesson,\rdblquote  said Snape, sweeping over to his desk and staring around at them all, \ldblquote I think it appropriate to remind you that next June you will be sitting an important examination, dur\-ing which you will prove how much you have learned about the composition and use of magical potions. Moronic though some of this class undoubtedly are, I expect you to scrape an \lquote Acceptable\rquote  in your O.W.L., or suffer my \'85 displeasure.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His gaze lingered this time upon Neville, who gulped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote After this year, of course, many of you will cease studying with me,\rdblquote  Snape went on. \ldblquote I take only the very best into my N.E.W.T. Potions class, which means that some of us will certainly be saying good-bye.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His eyes rested on Harry and his lip curled. Harry glared back, feel\-ing a grim pleasure at the idea that he would be able to give up Potions after fifth year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But we have another year to go before that happy moment of farewell,\rdblquote  said Snape softly, \ldblquote so whether you are intending to attempt N.E.W.T. or not, I advise all of you to concentrate your efforts upon maintaining the high-pass level I have come to expect from my O.W.L. students.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Today we will be mixing a potion that often comes up at Ordinary Wizarding Level: the Draught of Peace, a potion to calm anxiety and soothe agitation. Be warned: If you are too heavy-handed with the ingredients you will put the drinker into a heavy and sometimes irre\-versible sleep, so you will need to pay close attention to what you are doing.\rdblquote  On Harry\rquote s left, Hermione sat up a little straighter, her expres\-sion one of the utmost attentiveness. \ldblquote The ingredients and method\rdblquote  \emdash  Snape flicked his wand \emdash  \ldblquote are on the blackboard\rdblquote  \emdash  (they ap\-peared there) \emdash  \ldblquote you will find everything you need\rdblquote  \emdash  he flicked his\lang3081  \lang1033 wand again \emdash  \ldblquote in the store cupboard\rdblquote  \emdash  (the door of the said cup\-board sprang open) \emdash  \ldblquote you have an hour and a half. \'85 Start.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Just as Harry, Ron, and Hermione had predicted, Snape could hardly have set them a more difficult, fiddly potion. The ingredients had to be added to the cauldron in precisely the right order and quan\-tities; the mixture had to be stirred exactly the right number of times, firstly in clockwise, then in counterclockwise directions; the heat of the flames on which it was simmering had to be lowered to exactly the right level for a specific number of minutes before the final ingredient was added.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A light silver vapor should now be rising from your potion,\rdblquote  called Snape, with ten minutes left to go.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who was sweating profusely, looked desperately around the dungeon. His own cauldron was issuing copious amounts of dark gray steam; Ron\rquote s was spitting green sparks. Seamus was feverishly prod\-ding the flames at the base of his cauldron with the tip of his wand, as they had gone out. The surface of Hermione\rquote s potion, however, was a shimmering mist of silver vapor, and as Snape swept by he looked down his hooked nose at it without comment, which meant that he could find nothing to criticize. At Harry\rquote s cauldron, however, Snape stopped, looking down at Harry with a horrible smirk on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, what is this supposed to be?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Slytherins at the front of the class all looked up eagerly; they loved hearing Snape taunt Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Draught of Peace,\rdblquote  said Harry tensely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell me, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape softly, \ldblquote can you read?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Draco Malfoy laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I can,\rdblquote  said Harry, his fingers clenched tightly around his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Read the third line of the instructions for me, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry squinted at the blackboard; it was not easy to make out the\lang3081  \lang1033 instructions through the haze of multicolored steam now filling the dungeon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Add powdered moonstone, stir three times counterclockwise, al\-low to simmer for seven minutes, then add two drops of syrup of hellebore.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His heart sank. He had not added syrup of hellebore, but had pro\-ceeded straight to the fourth line of the instructions after allowing his potion to simmer for seven minutes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you do everything on the third line, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry very quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I beg your pardon?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, more loudly. \ldblquote I forgot the hellebore. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know you did, Potter, which means that this mess is utterly worthless. \i Evanesco.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The contents of Harry\rquote s potion vanished; he was left standing fool\-ishly beside an empty cauldron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Those of you who \i have\i0  managed to read the instructions, fill one flagon with a sample of your potion, label it clearly with your name, and bring it up to my desk for testing,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote Homework: twelve inches of parchment on the properties of moonstone and its uses in potion-making, to be handed in on Thursday.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 While everyone around him filled their flagons, Harry cleared away his things, seething. His potion had been no worse than Ron\rquote s, which was now giving off a foul odor of bad eggs, or Neville\rquote s, which had achieved the consistency of just-mixed cement and which Neville was now having to gouge out of his cauldron, yet it was he, Harry, who would be receiving zero marks for the day\rquote s work. He stuffed his wand back into his bag and slumped down onto his seat, watching everyone else march up to Snape\rquote s desk with filled and corked flagons. When at long last the bell rang, Harry was first out of the dungeon and had al\-ready started his lunch by the time Ron and Hermione joined him in\lang3081  \lang1033 the Great Hall. The ceiling had turned an even murkier gray during the morning. Rain was lashing the high windows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was really unfair,\rdblquote  said Hermione consolingly, sitting down next to Harry and helping herself to shepherd\rquote s pie. \ldblquote Your potion wasn\rquote t nearly as bad as Goyle\rquote s, when he put it in his flagon the whole thing shattered and set his robes on fire.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well,\rdblquote  said Harry, glowering at his plate, \ldblquote since when has Snape ever been fair to me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neither of the others answered; all three of them knew that Snape and Harry\rquote s mutual enmity had been absolute from the moment Harry had set foot in Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did think he might be a bit better this year,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a disappointed voice. \ldblquote I mean \'85 you know \'85\rdblquote  She looked carefully around; there were half a dozen empty seats on either side of them and nobody was passing the table. \ldblquote\'85 Now he\rquote s in the Order and everything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Poisonous toadstools don\rquote t change their spots,\rdblquote  said Ron sagely. \ldblquote Anyway, I\rquote ve always thought Dumbledore was cracked trusting Snape, where\rquote s the evidence he ever really stopped working for You-Know-Who?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think Dumbledore\rquote s probably got plenty of evidence, even if he doesn\rquote t share it with you, Ron,\rdblquote  snapped Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, shut up, the pair of you,\rdblquote  said Harry heavily, as Ron opened his mouth to argue back. Hermione and Ron both froze, looking an\-gry and offended. \ldblquote Can\rquote t you give it a rest?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote You\rquote re always having a go at each other, it\rquote s driving me mad.\rdblquote  And abandoning his shepherd\rquote s pie, he swung his schoolbag back over his shoulder and left them sitting there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He walked up the marble staircase two steps at a time, past the many students hurrying toward lunch. The anger that had just flared so unexpectedly still blazed inside him, and the vision of Ron and\lang3081  \lang1033 Hermione\rquote s shocked faces afforded him a sense of deep satisfaction. \i Serve them right,\i0  he thought. \i Why can\rquote t they give it a rest\i0 ?\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\i  Bickering all the time\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\i  It\rquote s enough to drive anyone up the wall\i0 . \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He passed the large picture of Sir Cadogan the knight on a landing; Sir Cadogan drew his sword and brandished it fiercely at Harry, who ignored him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come back, you scurvy dog, stand fast and fight!\rdblquote  yelled Sir Cado\-gan in a muffled voice from behind his visor, but Harry merely walked on, and when Sir Cadogan attempted to follow him by running into a neighboring picture, he was rebuffed by its inhabitant, a large and angry-looking wolfhound.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry spent the rest of the lunch hour sitting alone underneath the trapdoor at the top of North Tower, and consequently he was the first to ascend the silver ladder that led to Sibyll Trelawney\rquote s classroom when the bell rang.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Divination was Harry\rquote s least favorite class after Potions, which was due mainly to Professor Trelawney\rquote s habit of predicting his premature death every few lessons. A thin woman, heavily draped in shawls and glittering with strings of beads, she always reminded Harry of some kind of insect, with her glasses hugely magnifying her eyes. She was busy putting copies of battered, leather-bound books on each of the spindly little tables with which her room was littered when Harry en\-tered the room, but so dim was the light cast by the lamps covered by scarves and the low-burning, sickly-scented fire that she appeared not to notice him as he took a seat in the shadows. The rest of the class ar\-rived over the next five minutes. Ron emerged from the trapdoor, looked around carefully, spotted Harry and made directly for him, or as directly as he could while having to wend his way between tables, chairs, and overstuffed poufs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione and me have stopped arguing,\rdblquote  he said, sitting down beside Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  grunted Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Hermione says she thinks it would be nice if you stopped tak\-ing out your temper on us,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m just passing on the message,\rdblquote  said Ron, talking over him. \ldblquote But I reckon she\rquote s right. It\rquote s not our fault how Seamus and Snape treat you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I never said it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good day,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney in her usual misty, dreamy voice, and Harry broke off, feeling both annoyed and slightly ashamed of himself again. \ldblquote And welcome back to Divination. I have, of course, been following your fortunes most carefully over the holi\-days, and am delighted to see that you have all returned to Hogwarts safely \emdash  as, of course, I knew you would.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will find on the tables before you copies of \i The Dream Oracle,\i0  by Inigo Imago. Dream interpretation is a most important means of di\-vining the future and one that may very probably be tested in your O.W.L. Not, of course, that I believe examination passes or failures are of the remotest importance when it comes to the sacred art of div\-ination. If you have the Seeing Eye, certificates and grades matter very little. However, the headmaster likes you to sit the examination, so \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her voice trailed away delicately, leaving them all in no doubt that Professor Trelawney considered her subject above such sordid matters as examinations.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Turn, please, to the introduction and read what Imago has to say on the matter of dream interpretation. Then divide into pairs. Use \i The Dream Oracle\i0  to interpret each other\rquote s most recent dreams. Carry on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The one good thing to be said for this lesson was that it was not a double period. By the time they had all finished reading the introduc\-tion of the book, they had barely ten minutes left for dream interpre\-tation. At the table next to Harry and Ron, Dean had paired up with Neville, who immediately embarked on a long-winded explanation of\lang3081  \lang1033 a nightmare involving a pair of giant scissors wearing his grand\-mother\rquote s best hat; Harry and Ron merely looked at each other glumly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I never remember my dreams,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You say one.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You must remember one of them,\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was not going to share his dreams with anyone. He knew per\-fectly well what his regular nightmare about a graveyard meant, he did not need Ron or Professor Trelawney or the stupid \i Dream Oracle\i0  to tell him that. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I had one that I was playing Quidditch the other night,\rdblquote  said Ron, screwing up his face in an effort to remember. \ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon that means?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Probably that you\rquote re going to be eaten by a giant marshmallow or something,\rdblquote  said Harry, turning the pages of \i The Dream Oracle\i0  with\-out interest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was very dull work looking up bits of dreams in the \i Oracle\i0  and Harry was not cheered up when Professor Trelawney set them the task of keeping a dream diary for a month as homework. When the bell went, he and Ron led the way back down the ladder, Ron grumbling loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you realize how much homework we\rquote ve got already? Binns set us a foot-and-a-half-long essay on giant wars, Snape wants a foot on the use of moonstones, and now we\rquote ve got a month\rquote s dream diary from Trelawney! Fred and George weren\rquote t wrong about O.W.L. year, were they? That Umbridge woman had better not give us any. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When they entered the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom they found Professor Umbridge already seated at the teacher\rquote s desk, wearing the fluffy pink cardigan of the night before and the black vel\-vet bow on top of her head. Harry was again reminded forcibly of a large fly perched unwisely on top of an even larger toad.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The class was quiet as it entered the room; Professor Umbridge was, as yet, an unknown quantity and nobody knew yet how strict a disciplinarian she was likely to be.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, good afternoon!\rdblquote  she said when finally the whole class had sat down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few people mumbled \ldblquote Good afternoon,\rdblquote  in reply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tut, tut,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge. \ldblquote\i That\i0  won\rquote t do, now, will it? I should like you, please, to reply \lquote Good afternoon, Professor Um\-bridge.\rquote  One more time, please. Good afternoon, class!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge,\rdblquote  they chanted back at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There, now,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge sweetly. \ldblquote That wasn\rquote t too difficult, was it? Wands away and quills out, please.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Many of the class exchanged gloomy looks; the order \ldblquote wands away\rdblquote  had never yet been followed by a lesson they had found interesting. Harry shoved his wand back inside his bag and pulled out quill, ink, and parchment. Professor Umbridge opened her handbag, extracted her own wand, which was an unusually short one, and tapped the blackboard sharply with it; words appeared on the board at once:\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\qc\lang1033\i Defense Against the Dark Arts\par
A Return to Basic Principles.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well now, your teaching in this subject has been rather disrupted and fragmented, hasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  stated Professor Umbridge, turning to face the class with her hands clasped neatly in front of her. \ldblquote The constant changing of teachers, many of whom do not seem to have followed any Ministry-approved curriculum, has unfortunately resulted in your being far below the standard we would expect to see in your O.W.L. year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will be pleased to know, however, that these problems are now to be rectified. We will be following a carefully structured, theory-centered, Ministry-approved course of defensive magic this year. Copy down the following, please.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She rapped the blackboard again; the first message vanished and was replaced by:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Course aims:\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1004\qj\tx567\tx1004\lang1033 1.\tab Understanding\lang3081  the principles underlying defensive magic.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1004\qj\lang1033 2.\tab Learning\lang3081  to recognize situations in which defensive\lang1033  magic can legally be used.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 3.\tab Placing the\lang3081  \lang1033 use\lang3081  \lang1033 of defensive\lang3081  \lang1033 magic in a context for practical use.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\i0\par
\lang1033 For a couple of minutes the room was full of the sound of scratch\-ing quills on parchment. When everyone had copied down Professor Umbridge\rquote s three course aims she said, \ldblquote Has everybody got a copy of \i Defensive Magical Theory\i0  by Wilbert Slinkhard?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a dull murmur of assent throughout the class.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we\rquote ll try that again,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge. \ldblquote When I ask you a question, I should like you to reply \lquote Yes, Professor Um\-bridge,\rquote  or \lquote No, Professor Umbridge.\rquote  So, has everyone got a copy of \i Defensive Magical Theory\i0  by Wilbert Slinkhard?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Professor Umbridge,\rdblquote  rang through the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge. \ldblquote I should like you to turn to page five and read chapter one, \lquote Basics for Beginners.\rquote  There will be no need to talk.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge left the blackboard and settled herself in the chair behind the teacher\rquote s desk, observing them all with those pouchy toad\rquote s eyes. Harry turned to page five of his copy of \i Defensive Magical Theory\i0  and started to read.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was desperately dull, quite as bad as listening to Professor Binns. He felt his concentration sliding away from him; he had soon read the same line half a dozen times without taking in more than the first few words. Several silent minutes passed. Next to him, Ron was absent-mindedly turning his quill over and over in his fingers, staring at the same spot on the page. Harry looked right and received a surprise to shake him out of his torpor. Hermione had not even opened her copy\lang3081  \lang1033 of \i Defensive Magical Theory.\i0  She was staring fixedly at Professor Um\-bridge with her hand in the air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not remember Hermione ever neglecting to read when instructed to, or indeed resisting the temptation to open any book that came under her nose. He looked at her questioningly, but she merely shook her head slightly to indicate that she was not about to answer questions, and continued to stare at Professor Umbridge, who was looking just as resolutely in another direction.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After several more minutes had passed, however, Harry was not the only one watching Hermione. The chapter they had been instructed to read was so tedious that more and more people were choosing to watch Hermione\rquote s mute attempt to catch Professor Umbridge\rquote s eye than to struggle on with \ldblquote Basics for Beginners.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When more than half the class were staring at Hermione rather than at their books, Professor Umbridge seemed to decide that she could ignore the situation no longer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you want to ask something about the chapter, dear?\rdblquote  she asked Hermione, as though she had only just noticed her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not about the chapter, no,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we\rquote re reading just now,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge, showing her small, pointed teeth. \ldblquote If you have other queries we can deal with them at the end of class.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got a query about your course aims,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge raised her eyebrows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And your name is \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione Granger,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Miss Granger, I think the course aims are perfectly clear if you read them through carefully,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge in a voice of determined sweetness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Hermione bluntly. \ldblquote There\rquote s nothing written up there about \i using\i0  defensive spells.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a short silence in which many members of the class turned their heads to frown at the three course aims still written on the blackboard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Using \i0 defensive spells?\rdblquote  Professor Umbridge repeated with a little laugh. \ldblquote Why, I can\rquote t imagine any situation arising in my classroom that would require you to \i use\i0  a defensive spell, Miss Granger. You surely aren\rquote t expecting to be attacked during class?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not going to use magic?\rdblquote  Ron ejaculated loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Students raise their hands when they wish to speak in my class, Mr. \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Weasley,\rdblquote  said Ron, thrusting his hand into the air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge, smiling still more widely, turned her back on him. Harry and Hermione immediately raised their hands too. Pro\-fessor Umbridge\rquote s pouchy eyes lingered on Harry for a moment before she addressed Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Miss Granger? You wanted to ask something else?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Surely the whole point of Defense Against the Dark Arts is to practice defensive spells?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you a Ministry-trained educational expert, Miss Granger?\rdblquote  asked Professor Umbridge in her falsely sweet voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well then, I\rquote m afraid you are not qualified to decide what the \lquote whole point\rquote  of any class is. Wizards much older and cleverer than you have devised our new program of study. You will be learning about defensive spells in a secure, risk-free way \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What use is that?\rdblquote  said Harry loudly. \ldblquote If we\rquote re going to be attacked it won\rquote t be in a \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hand,\i0  Mr. Potter!\rdblquote  sang Professor Umbridge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thrust his fist in the air. Professor Umbridge promptly turned away from him again, but now several other people had their hands up too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And your name is?\rdblquote  Professor Umbridge said to Dean.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dean Thomas.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Mr. Thomas?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s like Harry said, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Dean. \ldblquote If we\rquote re going to be attacked, it won\rquote t be risk-free \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I repeat,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge, smiling in a very irritating fashion at Dean, \ldblquote do you expect to be attacked during my classes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, but\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge talked over him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do not wish to criticize the way things have been run in this school,\rdblquote  she said, an unconvincing smile stretching her wide mouth, \ldblquote but you have been exposed to some very irresponsible wizards in this class, very irresponsible indeed \emdash  not to mention,\rdblquote  she gave a nasty little laugh, \ldblquote extremely dangerous half-breeds.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you mean Professor Lupin,\rdblquote  piped up Dean Thomas angrily, \ldblquote he was the best we ever \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hand,\i0  Mr. Thomas! As I was saying \emdash  you have been introduced to spells that have been complex, inappropriate to your age group, and potentially lethal. You have been frightened into believing that you are likely to meet Dark attacks every other day \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No we haven\rquote t,\rdblquote  Hermione said, \ldblquote we just \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Your hand is not up, Miss Granger\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione put up her hand; Professor Umbridge turned away from her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is my understanding that my predecessor not only performed il\-legal curses in front of you, he actually performed them \i on\i0  you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, he turned out to be a maniac, didn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Dean Thomas hotly. \ldblquote Mind you, we still learned loads \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Your hand is not up, Mr. Thomas\i0 !\rdblquote  trilled Professor Umbridge. \ldblquote Now, it is the view of the Ministry that a theoretical knowledge will be more than sufficient to get you through your examination, which, after all, is what school is all about. And your name is?\rdblquote  she added, staring at Parvati, whose hand had just shot up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Parvati Patil, and isn\rquote t there a practical bit in our Defense Against the Dark Arts O.W.L.? Aren\rquote t we supposed to show that we can actu\-ally do the countercurses and things?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As long as you have studied the theory hard enough, there is no reason why you should not be able to perform the spells under care\-fully controlled examination conditions,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge dismissively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Without ever practicing them before?\rdblquote  said Parvati incredulously. \ldblquote Are you telling us that the first time we\rquote ll get to do the spells will be during our exam?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I repeat, as long as you have studied the theory hard enough \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what good\rquote s theory going to be in the real world?\rdblquote  said Harry loudly, his fist in the air again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge looked up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is school, Mr. Potter, not the real world,\rdblquote  she said softly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So we\rquote re not supposed to be prepared for what\rquote s waiting out there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is nothing waiting out there, Mr. Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah?\rdblquote  said Harry. His temper, which seemed to have been bubbling just beneath the surface all day, was reaching boiling point.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who do you imagine wants to attack children like yourselves?\rdblquote  inquired Professor Umbridge in a horribly honeyed voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmm, let\rquote s think \'85\rdblquote  said Harry in a mock thoughtful voice, \ldblquote maybe \i Lord Voldemort\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron gasped; Lavender Brown uttered a little scream; Neville slipped sideways off his stool. Professor Umbridge, however, did not flinch. She was staring at Harry with a grimly satisfied expression on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ten points from Gryffindor, Mr. Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The classroom was silent and still. Everyone was staring at either Umbridge or Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, let me make a few things quite plain.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge stood up and leaned toward them, her stubby-fingered hands splayed on her desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have been told that a certain Dark wizard has returned from the dead \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He wasn\rquote t dead,\rdblquote  said Harry angrily, \ldblquote but yeah, he\rquote s returned!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr.-Potter-you-have-already-lost-your-House-ten-points-do-not-make-matters-worse-for-yourself,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge in one breath without looking at him. \ldblquote As I was saying, you have been in\-formed that a certain Dark wizard is at large once again. \i This is a lie.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is NOT a lie!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I saw him, I fought him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Detention, Mr. Potter!\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge triumphantly. \ldblquote Tomorrow evening. Five o\rquote clock. My office. I repeat, \i this is a lie.\i0  The Ministry of Magic guarantees that you are not in danger from any Dark wizard. If you are still worried, by all means come and see me outside class hours. If someone is alarming you with fibs about reborn Dark wizards, I would like to hear about it. I am here to help. I am your friend. And now, you will kindly continue your reading. Page five, \lquote Basics for Beginners.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge sat down behind her desk again. Harry, how\-ever, stood up. Everyone was staring at him; Seamus looked half-scared, half-fascinated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, no!\rdblquote  Hermione whispered in a warning voice, tugging at his sleeve, but Harry jerked his arm out of her reach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, according to you, Cedric Diggory dropped dead of his own accord, did he?\rdblquote  Harry asked, his voice shaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a collective intake of breath from the class, for none of them, apart from Ron and Hermione, had ever heard Harry talk about what had happened on the night that Cedric had died. They stared avidly from Harry to Professor Umbridge, who had raised her eyes and was staring at him without a trace of a fake smile on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cedric Diggory\rquote s death was a tragic accident,\rdblquote  she said coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was murder,\rdblquote  said Harry. He could feel himself shaking. He had\lang3081  \lang1033 hardly talked to anyone about this, least of all thirty eagerly listening classmates. \ldblquote Voldemort killed him, and you know it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge\rquote s face was quite blank. For a moment he thought she was going to scream at him. Then she said, in her softest, most sweetly girlish voice, \ldblquote Come here, Mr. Potter, dear.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He kicked his chair aside, strode around Ron and Hermione and up to the teacher\rquote s desk. He could feel the rest of the class holding its breath. He felt so angry he did not care what happened next.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge pulled a small roll of pink parchment out of her handbag, stretched it out on the desk, dipped her quill into a bot\-tle of ink, and started scribbling, hunched over so that Harry could not see what she was writing. Nobody spoke. After a minute or so she rolled up the parchment and tapped it with her wand; it sealed itself seamlessly so that he could not open it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take this to Professor McGonagall, dear,\rdblquote  said Professor Um\-bridge, holding out the note to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He took it from her without saying a word and left the room, not even looking back at Ron and Hermione, and slamming the class\-room door shut behind him. He walked very fast along the corridor, the note to McGonagall clutched tight in his hand, and turning a cor\-ner walked slap into Peeves the Poltergeist, a wide-faced little man floating on his back in midair, juggling several inkwells.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why, it\rquote s Potty Wee Potter!\rdblquote  cackled Peeves, allowing two of the inkwells to fall to the ground where they smashed and spattered the walls with ink; Harry jumped backward out of the way with a snarl.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get out of it, Peeves.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oooh, Crackpot\rquote s feeling cranky,\rdblquote  said Peeves, pursuing Harry along the corridor, leering as he zoomed along above him. \ldblquote What is it this time, my fine Potty friend? Hearing voices? Seeing visions? Speak\-ing in\rdblquote  \emdash  Peeves blew a gigantic raspberry \emdash  \ldblquote\i tongues\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I said, leave me ALONE!\rdblquote  Harry shouted, running down the\lang3081  \lang1033 nearest flight of stairs, but Peeves merely slid down the banister on his back beside him.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Oh, most think he\rquote s barking, the Potty wee lad,\par
But some are more kindly and think he\rquote s just sad,\par
But Peevesy knows better and says that he\rquote s mad\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\i\par
\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SHUT UP!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A door to his left flew open and Professor McGonagall emerged from her office looking grim and slightly harassed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What on \i earth\i0  are you shouting about, Potter?\rdblquote  she snapped, as Peeves cackled gleefully and zoomed out of sight. \ldblquote Why aren\rquote t you in class?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been sent to see you,\rdblquote  said Harry stiffly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sent? What do you mean, sent?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He held out the note from Professor Umbridge. Professor McGo\-nagall took it from him, frowning, slit it open with a tap of her wand, stretched it out, and began to read. Her eyes zoomed from side to side behind their square spectacles as she read what Umbridge had written, and with each line they became narrower.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come in here, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He followed her inside her study. The door closed automatically behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, rounding on him. \ldblquote Is this true?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is what true?\rdblquote  Harry asked, rather more aggressively than he had intended. \ldblquote Professor?\rdblquote  he added in an attempt to sound more polite.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it true that you shouted at Professor Umbridge?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You called her a liar?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You told her He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is back?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall sat down behind her desk, frowning at Harry. Then she said, \ldblquote Have a biscuit, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have \emdash  what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have a biscuit,\rdblquote  she repeated impatiently, indicating a tartan tin of cookies lying on top of one of the piles of papers on her desk. \ldblquote And sit down.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There had been a previous occasion when Harry, expecting to be caned by Professor McGonagall, had instead been appointed by her to the Gryffindor Quidditch team. He sank into a chair opposite her and helped himself to a Ginger Newt, feeling just as confused and wrong-footed as he had done on that occasion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall set down Professor Umbridge\rquote s note and looked very seriously at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, you need to be careful.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry swallowed his mouthful of Ginger Newt and stared at her. Her tone of voice was not at all what he was used to; it was not brisk, crisp, and stern; it was low and anxious and somehow much more hu\-man than usual.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Misbehavior in Dolores Umbridge\rquote s class could cost you much more than House points and a detention.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, use your common sense,\rdblquote  snapped Professor McGonagall, with an abrupt return to her usual manner. \ldblquote You know where she comes from, you must know to whom she is reporting.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The bell rang for the end of the lesson. Overhead and all around came the elephantine sounds of hundreds of students on the move.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It says here she\rquote s given you detention every evening this week, starting tomorrow,\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall said, looking down at Um\-bridge\rquote s note again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Every evening this week!\rdblquote  Harry repeated, horrified. \ldblquote But, Profes\-sor, couldn\rquote t you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I couldn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall flatly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She is your teacher and has every right to give you detention. You will go to her room at five o\rquote clock tomorrow for the first one. Just re\-member: Tread carefully around Dolores Umbridge.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I was telling the truth!\rdblquote  said Harry, outraged. \ldblquote Voldemort\rquote s back, you know he is, Professor Dumbledore knows he is \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For heaven\rquote s sake, Potter!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, straighten\-ing her glasses angrily (she had winced horribly when he had used Voldemort\rquote s name). \ldblquote Do you really think this is about truth or lies? It\rquote s about keeping your head down and your temper under control!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stood up, nostrils wide and mouth very thin, and he stood too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have another biscuit,\rdblquote  she said irritably, thrusting the tin at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be ridiculous,\rdblquote  she snapped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He took one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  he said grudgingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t you listen to Dolores Umbridge\rquote s speech at the start-of-term feast, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Yeah \'85 she said \'85 progress will be prohib\-ited or \'85 well, it meant that\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 that the Ministry of Magic is trying to interfere at Hogwarts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall eyed him for a moment, then sniffed, walked around her desk, and held open the door for him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m glad you listen to Hermione Granger at any rate,\rdblquote  she said, pointing him out of her office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 13\par
\pard\qc Detention with Dolores\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Dinner in the Great Hall that night was not a pleasant experi\-ence for Harry. The news about his shouting match with Umbridge seemed to have traveled exceptionally fast even by Hog\-warts standards. He heard whispers all around him as he sat eating between Ron and Hermione. The funny thing was that none of the whisperers seemed to mind him overhearing what they were saying about him \emdash  on the contrary, it was as though they were hoping he would get angry and start shouting again, so that they could hear his story firsthand.\par
\ldblquote He says he saw Cedric Diggory murdered. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He reckons he dueled with You-Know-Who. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come off it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who does he think he\rquote s kidding?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pur-\i lease\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What I don\rquote t get,\rdblquote  said Harry in a shaking voice, laying down his knife and fork (his hands were trembling too much to hold them steady), \ldblquote is why they all believed the story two months ago when Dumbledore told them. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The thing is, Harry, I\rquote m not sure they did,\rdblquote  said Hermione grimly. \ldblquote Oh, let\rquote s get out of here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She slammed down her own knife and fork; Ron looked sadly at his half-finished apple pie but followed suit. People stared at them all the way out of the Hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, you\rquote re not sure they believed Dumbledore?\rdblquote  Harry asked Hermione when they reached the first-floor landing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look, you don\rquote t understand what it was like after it happened,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly. \ldblquote You arrived back in the middle of the lawn clutching Cedric\rquote s dead body. \'85 None of us saw what happened in the maze. \'85 We just had Dumbledore\rquote s word for it that You-Know-Who had come back and killed Cedric and fought you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which is the truth!\rdblquote  said Harry loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know it is, Harry, so will you \i please\i0  stop biting my head off?\rdblquote  said Hermione wearily. \ldblquote It\rquote s just that before the truth could sink in, everyone went home for the summer, where they spent two months reading about how you\rquote re a nutcase and Dumbledore\rquote s going senile!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rain pounded on the windowpanes as they strode along the empty corridors back to Gryffindor Tower. Harry felt as though his first day had lasted a week, but he still had a mountain of homework to do be\-fore bed. A dull pounding pain was developing over his right eye. He glanced out of a rain-washed window at the dark grounds as they turned into the Fat Lady\rquote s corridor. There was still no light in Hagrid\rquote s cabin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Mimbulus mimbletonia,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione, before the Fat Lady could ask. The portrait swung open to reveal the hole behind and the three of them scrambled back through it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The common room was almost empty; nearly everyone was still down at dinner. Crookshanks uncoiled himself from an armchair and trotted to meet them, purring loudly, and when Harry, Ron, and Hermione took their three favorite chairs at the fireside he leapt lightly into Hermione\rquote s lap and curled up there like a furry ginger cushion. Harry gazed into the flames, feeling drained and exhausted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i How\i0  can Dumbledore have let this happen?\rdblquote  Hermione cried sud\-denly, making Harry and Ron jump; Crookshanks leapt off her, look\-ing affronted. She pounded the arms of her chair in fury, so that bits of stuffing leaked out of the holes. \ldblquote How can he let that terrible woman teach us? And in our O.W.L. year too!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we\rquote ve never had great Defense Against the Dark Arts teach\-ers, have we?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You know what it\rquote s like, Hagrid told us, nobody wants the job, they say it\rquote s jinxed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but to employ someone who\rquote s actually refusing to let us do magic! \i What\rquote s\i0  Dumbledore playing at?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And she\rquote s trying to get people to spy for her,\rdblquote  said Ron darkly. \ldblquote Re\-member when she said she wanted us to come and tell her if we hear anyone saying You-Know-Who\rquote s back?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course she\rquote s here to spy on us all, that\rquote s obvious, why else would Fudge have wanted her to come?\rdblquote  snapped Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t start arguing again,\rdblquote  said Harry wearily, as Ron opened his mouth to retaliate. \ldblquote Can\rquote t we just\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Let\rquote s just do that homework, get it out of the way. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They collected their schoolbags from a corner and returned to the chairs by the fire. People were coming back from dinner now. Harry kept his face averted from the portrait hole, but could still sense the stares he was attracting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shall we do Snape\rquote s stuff first?\rdblquote  said Ron, dipping his quill into his ink. \ldblquote  \lquote\i The properties\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i of moonstone\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i and its uses\i0  \'85\i  in potion-making\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he\i  \i0 muttered, writing the words across the top of his parchment as he spoke them. \ldblquote There.\rdblquote  He underlined the title, then looked up expectantly at Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what are the properties of moonstone and its uses in potion-making?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Hermione was not listening; she was squinting over into the far corner of the room, where Fred, George, and Lee Jordan were now sit\-ting at the center of a knot of innocent-looking first years, all of whom\lang3081  \lang1033 were chewing something that seemed to have come out of a large pa\-per bag that Fred was holding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I\rquote m sorry, they\rquote ve gone too far,\rdblquote  she said, standing up and looking positively furious. \ldblquote Come on, Ron.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  what?\rdblquote  said Ron, plainly playing for time. \ldblquote No \emdash  come on, Hermione \emdash  we can\rquote t tell them off for giving out sweets. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know perfectly well that those are bits of Nosebleed Nougat or \emdash  or Puking Pastilles or \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fainting Fancies?\rdblquote  Harry suggested quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One by one, as though hit over the heads with invisible mallets, the first years were slumping unconscious in their seats; some slid right onto the floor, others merely hung over the arms of their chairs, their tongues lolling out. Most of the people watching were laughing; Her\-mione, however, squared her shoulders and marched directly over to where Fred and George now stood with clipboards, closely observing the unconscious first years. Ron rose halfway out of his chair, hovered uncertainly for a moment or two, then muttered to Harry, \ldblquote She\rquote s got it under control,\rdblquote  before sinking as low in his chair as his lanky frame permitted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s enough!\rdblquote  Hermione said forcefully to Fred and George, both of whom looked up in mild surprise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, you\rquote re right,\rdblquote  said George, nodding, \ldblquote this dosage looks strong enough, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told you this morning, you can\rquote t test your rubbish on students!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re paying them!\rdblquote  said Fred indignantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t care, it could be dangerous!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Rubbish,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Calm down, Hermione, they\rquote re fine!\rdblquote  said Lee reassuringly as he walked from first year to first year, inserting purple sweets into their open mouths.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, look, they\rquote re coming round now,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few of the first years were indeed stirring. Several looked so\lang3081  \lang1033 shocked to find themselves lying on the floor, or dangling off their chairs, that Harry was sure Fred and George had not warned them what the sweets were going to do.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Feel all right?\rdblquote  said George kindly to a small dark-haired girl lying at his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I-I think so,\rdblquote  she said shakily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent,\rdblquote  said Fred happily, but the next second Hermione had snatched both his clipboard and the paper bag of Fainting Fancies from his hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is NOT excellent!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course it is, they\rquote re alive, aren\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Fred angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t do this, what if you made one of them really ill?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not going to make them ill, we\rquote ve already tested them all on ourselves, this is just to see if everyone reacts the same \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you don\rquote t stop doing it, I\rquote m going to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Put us in detention?\rdblquote  said Fred in an I\rquote d-like-to-see-you-try-it voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Make us write lines?\rdblquote  said George, smirking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Onlookers all over the room were laughing. Hermione drew herself up to her full height; her eyes were narrowed and her bushy hair seemed to crackle with electricity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  she said, her voice quivering with anger, \ldblquote but I will write to your mother.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You wouldn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said George, horrified, taking a step back from her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, yes, I would,\rdblquote  said Hermione grimly. \ldblquote I can\rquote t stop you eating the stupid things yourselves, but you\rquote re not giving them to first years.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George looked thunderstruck. It was clear that as far as they were concerned, Hermione\rquote s threat was way below the belt. With a last threatening look at them, she thrust Fred\rquote s clipboard and the bag of Fancies back into his arms and stalked back to her chair by the fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was now so low in his seat that his nose was roughly level with his knees.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you for your support, Ron,\rdblquote  Hermione said acidly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You handled it fine by yourself,\rdblquote  Ron mumbled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione stared down at her blank piece of parchment for a few seconds, then said edgily, \ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s no good, I can\rquote t concentrate now. I\rquote m going to bed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She wrenched her bag open; Harry thought she was about to put her books away, but instead she pulled out two misshapen woolly ob\-jects, placed them carefully on a table by the fireplace, covered them with a few screwed-up bits of parchment and a broken quill, and stood back to admire the effect.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What in the name of Merlin are you doing?\rdblquote  said Ron, watching her as though fearful for her sanity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re hats for house-elves,\rdblquote  she said briskly, now stuffing her books back into her bag. \ldblquote I did them over the summer. I\rquote m a really slow knitter without magic, but now I\rquote m back at school I should be able to make lots more.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re leaving out hats for the house-elves?\rdblquote  said Ron slowly. \ldblquote And you\rquote re covering them up with rubbish first?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione defiantly, swinging her bag onto her back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s not on,\rdblquote  said Ron angrily. \ldblquote You\rquote re trying to trick them into picking up the hats. You\rquote re setting them free when they might not want to be free.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course they want to be free!\rdblquote  said Hermione at once, though her face was turning pink. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you dare touch those hats, Ron!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She left. Ron waited until she had disappeared through the door to the girls\rquote  dormitories, then cleared the rubbish off the woolly hats.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They should at least see what they\rquote re picking up,\rdblquote  he said firmly. \ldblquote Anyway \'85\rdblquote  He rolled up the parchment on which he had written the title of Snape\rquote s essay. \ldblquote There\rquote s no point trying to finish this now, I can\rquote t do it without Hermione, I haven\rquote t got a clue what you\rquote re sup\-posed to do with moonstones, have you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shook his head, noticing as he did so that the ache in his right temple was getting worse. He thought of the long essay on giant wars and the pain stabbed at him sharply. Knowing perfectly well that he would regret not finishing his homework tonight when the morn\-ing came, he piled his books back into his bag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to bed too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He passed Seamus on the way to the door leading to the dormi\-tories, but did not look at him. Harry had a fleeting impression that Seamus had opened his mouth to speak, but sped up, and reached the soothing peace of the stone spiral staircase without having to endure any more provocation.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 The following day dawned just as leaden and rainy as the previous one. Hagrid was still absent from the staff table at breakfast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But on the plus side, no Snape today,\rdblquote  said Ron bracingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione yawned widely and poured herself some coffee. She looked mildly pleased about something, and when Ron asked her what she had to be so happy about, she simply said, \ldblquote The hats have gone. Seems the house-elves do want freedom after all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t bet on it,\rdblquote  Ron told her cuttingly. \ldblquote They might not count as clothes. They didn\rquote t look anything like hats to me, more like woolly bladders.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione did not speak to him all morning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Double Charms was succeeded by double Transfiguration. Profes\-sor Flitwick and Professor McGonagall both spent the first fifteen minutes of their lessons lecturing the class on the importance of O.W.L.s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What you must remember,\rdblquote  said little Professor Flitwick squeak\-ily, perched as ever on a pile of books so that he could see over the top of his desk, \ldblquote is that these examinations may influence your futures for many years to come! If you have not already given serious thought to your careers, now is the time to do so. And in the meantime, I\rquote m\lang3081  \lang1033 afraid, we shall be working harder than ever to ensure that you all do yourselves justice!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They then spent more than an hour reviewing Summoning Charms, which according to Professor Flitwick were bound to come up in their O.W.L., and he rounded off the lesson by setting them their largest amount of Charms homework ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was the same, if not worse, in Transfiguration.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You cannot pass an O.W.L.,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall grimly, \ldblquote without serious application, practice, and study. I see no reason why everybody in this class should not achieve an O.W.L. in Transfiguration as long as they put in the work.\rdblquote  Neville made a sad little disbeliev\-ing noise. \ldblquote Yes, you too, Longbottom,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote There\rquote s nothing wrong with your work except lack of confidence. So \'85 today we are starting Vanishing Spells. These are easier than Con\-juring Spells, which you would not usually attempt until N.E.W.T. level, but they are still among the most difficult magic you will be tested on in your O.W.L.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was quite right; Harry found the Vanishing Spells horribly dif\-ficult. By the end of a double period, neither he nor Ron had managed to vanish the snails on which they were practicing, though Ron said hopefully that he thought his looked a bit paler. Hermione, on the other hand, successfully vanished her snail on the third attempt, earn\-ing her a ten-point bonus for Gryffindor from Professor McGonagall. She was the only person not given homework; everybody else was told to practice the spell overnight, ready for a fresh attempt on their snails the following afternoon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Now panicking slightly about the amount of homework they had to do, Harry and Ron spent their lunch hour in the library looking up the uses of moonstones in potion-making. Still angry about Ron\rquote s slur on her woolly hats, Hermione did not join them. By the time they reached Care of Magical Creatures in the afternoon, Harry\rquote s head was aching again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The day had become cool and breezy, and, as they walked down the sloping lawn toward Hagrid\rquote s cabin on the edge of the Forbidden Forest, they felt the occasional drop of rain on their faces. Professor Grubbly-Plank stood waiting for the class some ten yards from Ha\-grid\rquote s front door, a long trestle table in front of her laden with many twigs. As Harry and Ron reached her, a loud shout of laughter sounded behind them; turning, they saw Draco Malfoy striding to\-ward them, surrounded by his usual gang of Slytherin cronies. He had clearly just said something highly amusing, because Crabbe, Goyle, Pansy Parkinson, and the rest continued to snigger heartily as they gathered around the trestle table. Judging by the fact that all of them kept looking over at Harry, he was able to guess the subject of the joke without too much difficulty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everyone here?\rdblquote  barked Professor Grubbly-Plank, once all the Slytherins and Gryffindors had arrived. \ldblquote Let\rquote s crack on then \emdash  who can tell me what these things are called?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She indicated the heap of twigs in front of her. Hermione\rquote s hand shot into the air. Behind her back, Malfoy did a buck-toothed imita\-tion of her jumping up and down in eagerness to answer a question. Pansy Parkinson gave a shriek of laughter that turned almost at once into a scream, as the twigs on the table leapt into the air and revealed themselves to be what looked like tiny pixieish creatures made of wood, each with knobbly brown arms and legs, two twiglike fingers at the end of each hand, and a funny, flat, barklike face in which a pair of beetle-brown eyes glittered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oooooh!\rdblquote  said Parvati and Lavender, thoroughly irritating Harry: Anyone would have thought that Hagrid never showed them impres\-sive creatures; admittedly the flobberworms had been a bit dull, but the salamanders and hippogriffs had been interesting enough, and the Blast-Ended Skrewts perhaps too much so.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kindly keep your voices down, girls!\rdblquote  said Professor Grubbly-Plank sharply, scattering a handful of what looked like brown rice\lang3081  \lang1033 among the stick-creatures, who immediately fell upon the food. \ldblquote So \emdash  anyone know the names of these creatures? Miss Granger?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bowtruckles,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote They\rquote re tree-guardians, usually live in wand-trees.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Five points for Gryffindor,\rdblquote  said Professor Grubbly-Plank. \ldblquote Yes, these are bowtruckles and, as Miss Granger rightly says, they generally live in trees whose wood is of wand quality. Anybody know what they eat?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wood lice,\rdblquote  said Hermione promptly, which explained why what Harry had taken for grains of brown rice were moving. \ldblquote But fairy eggs if they can get them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good girl, take another five points. So whenever you need leaves or wood from a tree in which a bowtruckle lodges, it is wise to have a gift of wood lice ready to distract or placate it. They may not look dangerous, but if angered they will gouge out human eyes with their fingers, which, as you can see, are very sharp and not at all desirable near the eyeballs. So if you\rquote d like to gather closer, take a few wood lice and a bowtruckle \emdash  I have enough here for one between three \emdash  you can study them more closely. I want a sketch from each of you with all body parts labeled by the end of the lesson.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The class surged forward around the trestle table. Harry deliberately circled around the back so that he ended up right next to Professor Grubbly-Plank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Hagrid?\rdblquote  he asked her, while everyone else was choosing bowtruckles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never you mind,\rdblquote  said Professor Grubbly-Plank repressively, which had been her attitude last time Hagrid had failed to turn up for a class too. Smirking all over his pointed face, Draco Malfoy leaned across Harry and seized the largest bowtruckle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe,\rdblquote  said Malfoy in an undertone, so that only Harry could hear him, \ldblquote the stupid great oaf\rquote s got himself badly injured.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe you will if you don\rquote t shut up,\rdblquote  said Harry out of the side of his mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe he\rquote s been messing with stuff that\rquote s too \i big\i0  for him, if you get my drift.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy walked away, smirking over his shoulder at Harry, who sud\-denly felt sick. Did Malfoy know something? His father was a Death Eater, after all; what if he had information about Hagrid\rquote s fate that had not yet reached the Order\rquote s ears? He hurried back around the table to Ron and Hermione, who were squatting on the grass some distance away and attempting to persuade a bowtruckle to remain still long enough to draw it. Harry pulled out parchment and quill, crouched down beside the others, and related in a whisper what Mal\-foy had just said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore would know if something had happened to Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Hermione at once. \ldblquote It\rquote s just playing into Malfoy\rquote s hands to look worried, it tells him we don\rquote t know exactly what\rquote s going on. We\rquote ve got to ignore him, Harry. Here, hold the bowtruckle for a moment, just so I can draw its face. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  came Malfoy\rquote s clear drawl from the group nearest them, \ldblquote Father was talking to the Minister just a couple of days ago, you know, and it sounds as though the Ministry\rquote s really determined to crack down on substandard teaching in this place. So even if that over\-grown moron \i does\i0  show up again, he\rquote ll probably be sent packing straight away.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote OUCH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had gripped the bowtruckle so hard that it had almost snapped; it had just taken a great retaliatory swipe at his hand with its sharp fingers, leaving two long deep cuts there. Harry dropped it; Crabbe and Goyle, who had already been guffawing at the idea of Ha\-grid being sacked, laughed still harder as the bowtruckle set off at full tilt toward the forest, a little, moving stickman soon swallowed up by the tree roots. When the bell echoed distantly over the grounds Harry rolled up his bloodstained bowtruckle picture and marched off to\lang3081  \lang1033 Herbology with his hand wrapped in a handkerchief of Hermione\rquote s and Malfoy\rquote s derisive laughter still ringing in his ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If he calls Hagrid a moron one more time \'85\rdblquote  snarled Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, don\rquote t go picking a row with Malfoy, don\rquote t forget, he\rquote s a pre\-fect now, he could make life difficult for you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wow, I wonder what it\rquote d be like to have a difficult life?\rdblquote  said Harry sarcastically. Ron laughed, but Hermione frowned. Together they traipsed across the vegetable patch. The sky still appeared unable to make up its mind whether it wanted to rain or not.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I just wish Hagrid would hurry up and get back, that\rquote s all,\rdblquote  said Harry in a low voice, as they reached the greenhouses. \ldblquote And \i don\rquote t\i0  say that Grubbly-Plank woman\rquote s a better teacher!\rdblquote  he added threateningly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wasn\rquote t going to,\rdblquote  said Hermione calmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because she\rquote ll never be as good as Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly, fully aware that he had just experienced an exemplary Care of Magical Creatures lesson and was thoroughly annoyed about it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door of the nearest greenhouse opened and some fourth years spilled out of it, including Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  she said brightly as she passed. A few seconds later, Luna Lovegood emerged, trailing behind the rest of the class, a smudge of earth on her nose and her hair tied in a knot on the top of her head. When she saw Harry, her prominent eyes seemed to bulge excitedly and she made a beeline straight for him. Many of his classmates turned curiously to watch. Luna took a great breath and then said, without so much as a preliminary hello: \ldblquote I believe He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is back, and I believe you fought him and escaped from him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  right,\rdblquote  said Harry awkwardly. Luna was wearing what looked like a pair of orange radishes for earrings, a fact that Parvati and Lavender seemed to have noticed, as they were both giggling and pointing at her earlobes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can laugh!\rdblquote  Luna said, her voice rising, apparently under the impression that Parvati and Lavender were laughing at what she had said rather than what she was wearing. \ldblquote But people used to believe there were no such things as the Blibbering Humdinger or the Crumple-Horned Snorkack!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, they were right, weren\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Hermione impatiently. \ldblquote There \i weren\rquote t\i0  any such things as the Blibbering Humdinger or the Crumple-Horned Snorkack.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Luna gave her a withering look and flounced away, radishes swing\-ing madly. Parvati and Lavender were not the only ones hooting with laughter now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you mind not offending the only people who believe me?\rdblquote  Harry asked Hermione as they made their way into class.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, for heaven\rquote s sake, Harry, you can do better than \i her,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Ginny\rquote s told me all about her, apparently she\rquote ll only be\-lieve in things as long as there\rquote s no proof at all. Well, I wouldn\rquote t expect anything else from someone whose father runs \i The Quibbler.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought of the sinister winged horses he had seen on the night he had arrived and how Luna had said she could see them too. His spirits sank slightly. Had she been lying? But before he could de\-vote much more thought to the matter, Ernie Macmillan had stepped up to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want you to know, Potter,\rdblquote  he said in a loud, carrying voice, \ldblquote that it\rquote s not only weirdos who support you. I personally believe you one hundred percent. My family have always stood firm behind Dumble\-dore, and so do I.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  thanks very much, Ernie,\rdblquote  said Harry, taken aback but pleased. Ernie might be pompous on occasions like these, but Harry was in a mood to deeply appreciate a vote of confidence from some\-body who was not wearing radishes in their ears. Ernie\rquote s words had certainly wiped the smile from Lavender Brown\rquote s face and, as he\lang3081  \lang1033 turned to talk to Ron and Hermione, Harry caught Seamus\rquote s expres\-sion, which looked both confused and defiant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To nobody\rquote s surprise, Professor Sprout started their lesson by lec\-turing them about the importance of O.W.L.s. Harry wished all the teachers would stop doing this; he was starting to get an anxious, twisted feeling in his stomach every time he remembered how much homework he had to do, a feeling that worsened dramatically when Professor Sprout gave them yet another essay at the end of class. Tired and smelling strongly of dragon dung, Professor Sprout\rquote s preferred brand of fertilizer, the Gryffindors trooped back up to the castle an hour and a half later, none of them talking very much; it had been an\-other long day.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry was starving, and he had his first detention with Um\-bridge at five o\rquote clock, he headed straight for dinner without dropping off his bag in Gryffindor Tower so that he could bolt something down before facing whatever she had in store for him. He had barely reached the entrance of the Great Hall, however, when a loud and angry voice said, \ldblquote Oy, Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What now?\rdblquote  he muttered wearily, turning to face Angelina John\-son, who looked as though she was in a towering temper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll tell you what now,\rdblquote  she said, marching straight up to him and poking him hard in the chest with her finger. \ldblquote How come you\rquote ve landed yourself in detention for five o\rquote clock on Friday?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Why \'85 oh yeah, Keeper tryouts!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Now\i0  he remembers!\rdblquote  snarled Angelina. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t I tell you I wanted to do a tryout with the \i whole team,\i0  and find someone who \i fitted in with everyone\i0 ? Didn\rquote t I tell you I\rquote d booked the Quidditch pitch spe\-cially? And now you\rquote ve decided you\rquote re not going to be there!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t decide not to be there!\rdblquote  said Harry, stung by the injustice of these words. \ldblquote I got detention from that Umbridge woman, just be\-cause I told her the truth about You-Know-Who \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you can just go straight to her and ask her to let you off on Friday,\rdblquote  said Angelina fiercely, \ldblquote and I don\rquote t care how you do it, tell her You-Know-Who\rquote s a figment of your imagination if you like, just \i make sure you\rquote re there\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stormed away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what?\rdblquote  Harry said to Ron and Hermione as they en\-tered the Great Hall. \ldblquote I think we\rquote d better check with Puddlemere United whether Oliver Wood\rquote s been killed during a training session, because she seems to be channeling his spirit.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon are the odds of Umbridge letting you off on Friday?\rdblquote  said Ron skeptically, as they sat down at the Gryffindor table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Less than zero,\rdblquote  said Harry glumly, tipping lamb chops onto his plate and starting to eat. \ldblquote Better try, though, hadn\rquote t I? I\rquote ll offer to do two more detentions or something, I dunno. \'85\rdblquote  He swallowed a mouthful of potato and added, \ldblquote I hope she doesn\rquote t keep me too long this evening. You realize we\rquote ve got to write three essays, practice Van\-ishing Spells for McGonagall, work out a countercharm for Flitwick, finish the bowtruckle drawing, and start that stupid dream diary for Trelawney?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron moaned and for some reason glanced up at the ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i And\i0  it looks like it\rquote s going to rain.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that got to do with our homework?\rdblquote  said Hermione, her eyebrows raised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Ron at once, his ears reddening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At five to five Harry bade the other two good-bye and set off for Umbridge\rquote s office on the third floor. When he knocked on the door she said, \ldblquote Come in,\rdblquote  in a sugary voice. He entered cautiously, looking around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had known this office under three of its previous occupants. In the days when Gilderoy Lockhart had lived here it had been plastered in beaming portraits of its owner. When Lupin had occupied it, it was likely you would meet some fascinating Dark creature in a cage or\lang3081  \lang1033 tank if you came to call. In the impostor Moody\rquote s days it had been packed with various instruments and artifacts for the detection of wrongdoing and concealment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Now, however, it looked totally unrecognizable. The surfaces had all been draped in lacy covers and cloths. There were several vases full of dried flowers, each residing on its own doily, and on one of the walls was a collection of ornamental plates, each decorated with a large technicolor kitten wearing a different bow around its neck. These were so foul that Harry stared at them, transfixed, until Profes\-sor Umbridge spoke again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good evening, Mr. Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry started and looked around. He had not noticed her at first because she was wearing a luridly flowered set of robes that blended only too well with the tablecloth on the desk behind her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Evening,\rdblquote  Harry said stiffly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, sit down,\rdblquote  she said, pointing toward a small table draped in lace beside which she had drawn up a straight-backed chair. A piece of blank parchment lay on the table, apparently waiting for him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Harry, without moving. \ldblquote Professor Umbridge? Er \emdash  before we start, I-I wanted to ask you a \'85 a favor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her bulging eyes narrowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well I\rquote m \'85 I\rquote m on the Gryffindor Quidditch team. And I was supposed to be at the tryouts for the new Keeper at five o\rquote clock on Fri\-day and I was \emdash  was wondering whether I could skip detention that night and do it \emdash  do it another night\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 instead \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He knew long before he reached the end of his sentence that it was no good.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, smiling so widely that she looked as though she had just swallowed a particularly juicy fly. \ldblquote Oh no, no, no. This is your punishment for spreading evil, nasty, attention-seeking stories, Mr. Potter, and punishments certainly cannot be adjusted to\lang3081  \lang1033 suit the guilty one\rquote s convenience. No, you will come here at five o\rquote clock tomorrow, and the next day, and on Friday too, and you will do your detentions as planned. I think it rather a good thing that you are missing something you really want to do. It ought to reinforce the lesson I am trying to teach you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt the blood surge to his head and heard a thumping noise in his ears. So he told evil, nasty, attention-seeking stories, did he?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was watching him with her head slightly to one side, still smil\-ing widely, as though she knew exactly what he was thinking and was waiting to see whether he would start shouting again. With a massive effort Harry looked away from her, dropped his schoolbag beside the straight-backed chair, and sat down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There,\rdblquote  said Umbridge sweetly, \ldblquote we\rquote re getting better at controlling our temper already, aren\rquote t we? Now, you are going to be doing some lines for me, Mr. Potter. No, not with your quill,\rdblquote  she added, as Harry bent down to open his bag. \ldblquote You\rquote re going to be using a rather special one of mine. Here you are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She handed him a long, thin black quill with an unusually sharp point.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want you to write \lquote\i I must not tell lies,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 she told him softly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How many times?\rdblquote  Harry asked, with a creditable imitation of politeness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, as long as it takes for the message to \i sink in,\i0\rdblquote  said Umbridge sweetly. \ldblquote Off you go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She moved over to her desk, sat down, and bent over a stack of parchment that looked like essays for marking. Harry raised the sharp black quill and then realized what was missing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You haven\rquote t given me any ink,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, you won\rquote t need ink,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge with the mer\-est suggestion of a laugh in her voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry placed the point of the quill on the paper and wrote: \i I must not tell lies.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 He let out a gasp of pain. The words had appeared on the parch\-ment in what appeared to be shining red ink. At the same time, the words had appeared on the back of Harry\rquote s right hand, cut into his skin as though traced there by a scalpel \emdash  yet even as he stared at the shining cut, the skin healed over again, leaving the place where it had been slightly redder than before but quite smooth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around at Umbridge. She was watching him, her wide, toadlike mouth stretched in a smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked back at the parchment, placed the quill upon it once more, wrote \i I must not tell lies,\i0  and felt the searing pain on the back of his hand for a second time; once again the words had been cut into his skin, once again they healed over seconds later.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And on it went. Again and again Harry wrote the words on the parchment in what he soon came to realize was not ink, but his own blood. And again and again the words were cut into the back of his hand, healed, and then reappeared the next time he set quill to parchment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Darkness fell outside Umbridge\rquote s window. Harry did not ask when he would be allowed to stop. He did not even check his watch. He knew she was watching him for signs of weakness and he was not go\-ing to show any, not even if he had to sit here all night, cutting open his own hand with this quill. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come here,\rdblquote  she said, after what seemed hours.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stood up. His hand was stinging painfully. When he looked down at it he saw that the cut had healed, but that the skin there was red raw.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hand,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He extended it. She took it in her own. Harry repressed a shudder as she touched him with her thick, stubby fingers on which she wore a number of ugly old rings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tut, tut, I don\rquote t seem to have made much of an impression yet,\rdblquote  she said, smiling. \ldblquote Well, we\rquote ll just have to try again tomorrow evening, won\rquote t we? You may go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry left her office without a word. The school was quite deserted; it was surely past midnight. He walked slowly up the corridor then, when he had turned the corner and was sure that she would not hear him, broke into a run.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 He had not had time to practice Vanishing Spells, had not written a single dream in his dream diary, and had not finished the drawing of the bowtruckle, nor had he written his essays. He skipped breakfast next morning to scribble down a couple of made-up dreams for Div\-ination, their first lesson, and was surprised to find a disheveled Ron keeping him company.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come you didn\rquote t do it last night?\rdblquote  Harry asked, as Ron stared wildly around the common room for inspiration. Ron, who had been fast asleep when Harry got back to the dormitory, muttered some\-thing about \ldblquote doing other stuff,\rdblquote  bent low over his parchment, and scrawled a few words.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote ll have to do,\rdblquote  he said, slamming the diary shut, \ldblquote I\rquote ve said I dreamed I was buying a new pair of shoes, she can\rquote t make anything weird out of that, can she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They hurried off to North Tower together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How was detention with Umbridge, anyway? What did she make you do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hesitated for a fraction of a second, then said, \ldblquote Lines.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s not too bad, then, eh?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nope,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey \emdash  I forgot \emdash  did she let you off for Friday?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron groaned sympathetically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was another bad day for Harry; he was one of the worst in Trans\-figuration, not having practiced Vanishing Spells at all. He had to give up his lunch hour to complete the picture of the bowtruckle, and meanwhile, Professors McGonagall, Grubbly-Plank, and Sinistra gave them yet more homework, which he had no prospect of finishing that evening because of his second detention with Umbridge. To cap it all, Angelina Johnson tracked him down at dinner again and, on learning that he would not be able to attend Friday\rquote s Keeper tryouts, told him she was not at all impressed by his attitude and that she expected play\-ers who wished to remain on the team to put training before their other commitments.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m in detention!\rdblquote  Harry yelled after her as she stalked away. \ldblquote D\rquote you think I\rquote d rather be stuck in a room with that old toad or play\-ing Quidditch?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At least it\rquote s only lines,\rdblquote  said Hermione consolingly, as Harry sank back onto his bench and looked down at his steak-and-kidney pie, which he no longer fancied very much. \ldblquote It\rquote s not as if it\rquote s a dreadful punishment, really. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened his mouth, closed it again, and nodded. He was not really sure why he was not telling Ron and Hermione exactly what was happening in Umbridge\rquote s room: He only knew that he did not want to see their looks of horror; that would make the whole thing seem worse and therefore more difficult to face. He also felt dimly that this was between himself and Umbridge, a private battle of wills, and he was not going to give her the satisfaction of hearing that he had com\-plained about it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t believe how much homework we\rquote ve got,\rdblquote  said Ron miserably.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, why didn\rquote t you do any last night?\rdblquote  Hermione asked him. \ldblquote Where were you anyway?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was \'85 I fancied a walk,\rdblquote  said Ron shiftily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had the distinct impression that he was not alone in con\-cealing things at the moment.\lang3081\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 *   *   *\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 The second detention was just as bad as the previous one. The skin on the back of Harry\rquote s hand became irritated more quickly now, red and inflamed; Harry thought it unlikely to keep healing as effectively for long. Soon the cut would remain etched in his hand and Umbridge would, perhaps, be satisfied. He let no moan of pain escape him, how\-ever, and from the moment of entering the room to the moment of his dismissal, again past midnight, he said nothing but \ldblquote Good evening\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Good night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His homework situation, however, was now desperate, and when he returned to the Gryffindor common room he did not, though ex\-hausted, go to bed, but opened his books and began Snape\rquote s moon\-stone essay. It was half-past two by the time he had finished it. He knew he had done a poor job, but there was no help for it; unless he had something to give in he would be in detention with Snape next. He then dashed off answers to the questions Professor McGonagall had set them, cobbled together something on the proper handling of bowtruckles for Professor Grubbly-Plank, and staggered up to bed, where he fell fully clothed on top of the bed covers and fell asleep immediately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Thursday passed in a haze of tiredness. Ron seemed very sleepy too, though Harry could not see why he should be. Harry\rquote s third detention passed in the same way as the previous two, except that after two hours the words \ldblquote\i I\i0  \i must not tell lies\i0\rdblquote  did not fade from the back of Harry\rquote s hand, but remained scratched there, oozing droplets of blood. The pause in the pointed quill\rquote s scratching made Professor Umbridge look up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  she said softly, moving around her desk to examine his hand herself. \ldblquote Good. That ought to serve as a reminder to you, oughtn\rquote t it? You may leave for tonight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do I still have to come back tomorrow?\rdblquote  said Harry, picking up his schoolbag with his left hand rather than his smarting right.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge, smiling widely as before. \ldblquote Yes, I think we can etch the message a little deeper with another evening\rquote s work.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had never before considered the possibility that there might be another teacher in the world he hated more than Snape, but as he walked back toward Gryffindor Tower he had to admit he had found a contender. \i She\rquote s evil,\i0  he thought, as he climbed a staircase to the sev\-enth floor, \i she\rquote s an evil, twisted, mad, old \i0\emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had reached the top of the stairs, turned right, and almost walked into Ron, who was lurking behind a statue of Lachlan the Lanky, clutching his broomstick. He gave a great leap of surprise when he saw Harry and attempted to hide his new Cleansweep Eleven behind his back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  nothing. What are \i you\i0  doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry frowned at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, you can tell me! What are you hiding here for?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m \emdash  I\rquote m hiding from Fred and George, if you must know,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote They just went past with a bunch of first years, I bet they\rquote re testing stuff on them again, I mean, they can\rquote t do it in the common room now, can they, not with Hermione there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was talking in a very fast, feverish way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what have you got your broom for, you haven\rquote t been flying, have you?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  well \emdash  well, okay, I\rquote ll tell you, but don\rquote t laugh, all right?\rdblquote  Ron said defensively, turning redder with every second. \ldblquote I-I thought I\rquote d try out for Gryffindor Keeper now I\rquote ve got a decent broom. There. Go on. Laugh.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not laughing,\rdblquote  said Harry. Ron blinked. \ldblquote It\rquote s a brilliant idea! It\rquote d be really cool if you got on the team! I\rquote ve never seen you play Keeper, are you good?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not bad,\rdblquote  said Ron, who looked immensely relieved at Harry\rquote s reaction. \ldblquote Charlie, Fred, and George always made me Keep for them when they were training during the holidays.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you\rquote ve been practicing tonight?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Every evening since Tuesday\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 just on my own, though, I\rquote ve been trying to bewitch Quaffles to fly at me, but it hasn\rquote t been easy and I don\rquote t know how much use it\rquote ll be.\rdblquote  Ron looked nervous and anxious. \ldblquote Fred and George are going to laugh themselves stupid when I turn up for the tryouts. They haven\rquote t stopped taking the mickey out of me since I got made a prefect.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wish I was going to be there,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly, as they set off together toward the common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, so do \emdash  Harry, what\rquote s that on the back of your hand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who had just scratched his nose with his free right hand, tried to hide it, but had as much success as Ron with his Cleansweep.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s just a cut \emdash  it\rquote s nothing \emdash  it\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ron had grabbed Harry\rquote s forearm and pulled the back of Harry\rquote s hand up level with his eyes. There was a pause, during which he stared at the words carved into the skin, then he released Harry, looking sick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you said she was giving you lines?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hesitated, but after all, Ron had been honest with him, so he told Ron the truth about the hours he had been spending in Um\-bridge\rquote s office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The old hag!\rdblquote  Ron said in a revolted whisper as they came to a halt in front of the Fat Lady, who was dozing peacefully with her head against her frame. \ldblquote She\rquote s sick! Go to McGonagall, say something!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry at once. \ldblquote I\rquote m not giving her the satisfaction of knowing she\rquote s got to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Got to you\i0 ?\lang3081  \lang1033 You can\rquote t let her get away with this!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know how much power McGonagall\rquote s got over her,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore, then, tell Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry flatly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s got enough on his mind,\rdblquote  said Harry, but that was not the true reason. He was not going to go to Dumbledore for help when Dumbledore had not spoken to him once since last June.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I reckon you should \emdash\rdblquote  Ron began, but he was interrupted by the Fat Lady, who had been watching them sleepily and now burst out, \ldblquote Are you going to give me the password or will I have to stay awake all night waiting for you to finish your conversation?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Friday dawned sullen and sodden as the rest of the week. Though Harry glanced toward the staff table automatically when he entered the Great Hall, it was without real hope of seeing Hagrid and he turned his mind immediately to his more pressing problems, such as the mountainous pile of homework he had to do and the prospect of yet another detention with Umbridge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Two things sustained Harry that day. One was the thought that it was almost the weekend; the other was that, dreadful though his final detention with Umbridge was sure to be, he had a distant view of the Quidditch pitch from her window and might, with luck, be able to see something of Ron\rquote s tryout. These were rather feeble rays of light, it was true, but Harry was grateful for anything that might lighten his present darkness; he had never had a worse first week of term at Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At five o\rquote clock that evening he knocked on Professor Umbridge\rquote s office door for what he sincerely hoped would be the final time, was told to enter and did so. The blank parchment lay ready for him on the lace-covered table, the pointed black quill beside it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what to do, Mr. Potter,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, smiling sweetly over at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry picked up the quill and glanced through the window. If he just shifted his chair an inch or so to the right\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 On the pretext of shifting himself closer to the table he managed it. He now had a dis\-tant view of the Gryffindor Quidditch team soaring up and down the pitch, while half a dozen black figures stood at the foot of the three high goalposts, apparently awaiting their turn to Keep. It was impos\-sible to tell which one was Ron at this distance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I must not tell lies,\i0  Harry wrote. The cut in the back of his right hand opened and began to bleed afresh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I must not tell lies.\i0  The cut dug deeper, stinging and smarting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I must not tell lies.\i0  Blood trickled down his wrist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He chanced another glance out of the window. Whoever was de\-fending the goalposts now was doing a very poor job indeed. Katie Bell scored twice in the few seconds Harry dared watch. Hoping very much that the Keeper wasn\rquote t Ron, he dropped his eyes back to the parchment dotted with blood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I must not tell lies.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I must not tell lies.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 He looked up whenever he thought he could risk it, when he could hear the scratching of Umbridge\rquote s quill or the opening of a desk drawer. The third person to try out was pretty good, the fourth was terrible, the fifth dodged a Bludger exceptionally well but then fum\-bled an easy save. The sky was darkening so that Harry doubted he would be able to watch the sixth and seventh people at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I must not tell lies.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I must not tell lies.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 The parchment was now shining with drops of blood from the back of his hand, which was searing with pain. When he next looked up, night had fallen and the Quidditch pitch was no longer visible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s see if you\rquote ve gotten the message yet, shall we?\rdblquote  said Um\-bridge\rquote s soft voice half an hour later.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She moved toward him, stretching out her short be-ringed fingers for his arm. And then, as she took hold of him to examine the words now cut into his skin, pain seared, not across the back of his hand, but across the scar on his forehead. At the same time, he had a most pe\-culiar sensation somewhere around his midriff.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He wrenched his arm out of her grip and leapt to his feet, staring at her. She looked back at him, a smile stretching her wide, slack mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, it hurts, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  she said softly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not answer. His heart was thumping very hard and fast. Was she talking about his hand or did she know what he had just felt in his forehead?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I think I\rquote ve made my point, Mr. Potter. You may go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He caught up his schoolbag and left the room as quickly as he could.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Stay calm, \i0 he told himself as he sprinted up the stairs. \i Stay calm, it doesn\rquote t necessarily mean what you think it means. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Mimbulus mimbletonia\i0 !\rdblquote  he gasped at the Fat Lady, who swung forward once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A roar of sound greeted him. Ron came running toward him, beaming all over his face and slopping butterbeer down his front from the goblet he was clutching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I did it, I\rquote m in, I\rquote m Keeper!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? Oh \emdash  brilliant!\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to smile naturally, while his heart continued to race and his hand throbbed and bled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have a butterbeer.\rdblquote  Ron pressed a bottle onto him. \ldblquote I can\rquote t believe it \emdash  where\rquote s Hermione gone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s there,\rdblquote  said Fred, who was also swigging butterbeer, and pointed to an armchair by the fire. Hermione was dozing in it, her drink tipping precariously in her hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, she said she was pleased when I told her,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking slightly put out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let her sleep,\rdblquote  said George hastily. It was a few moments before Harry noticed that several of the first years gathered around them bore unmistakable signs of recent nosebleeds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come here, Ron, and see if Oliver\rquote s old robes fit you,\rdblquote  called Katie Bell. \ldblquote We can take off his name and put yours on instead. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Ron moved away, Angelina came striding up to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry I was a bit short with you earlier, Potter,\rdblquote  she said abruptly. \ldblquote It\rquote s stressful, this managing lark, you know, I\rquote m starting to think I was a bit hard on Wood sometimes.\rdblquote  She was watching Ron over the rim of her goblet with a slight frown on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look, I know he\rquote s your best mate, but he\rquote s not fabulous,\rdblquote  she said bluntly. \ldblquote I think with a bit of training he\rquote ll be all right, though. He comes from a family of good Quidditch players. I\rquote m banking on him turning out to have a bit more talent than he showed today, to be honest. Vicky Frobisher and Geoffrey Hooper both flew better this evening, but Hooper\rquote s a real whiner, he\rquote s always moaning about something or other, and Vicky\rquote s involved in all sorts of societies, she admitted herself that if training clashed with her Charm Club she\rquote d put Charms first. Anyway, we\rquote re having a practice session at two o\rquote clock tomorrow, so just make sure you\rquote re there this time. And do me a favor and help Ron as much as you can, okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He nodded and Angelina strolled back to Alicia Spinnet. Harry moved over to sit next to Hermione, who awoke with a jerk as he put down his bag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Harry, it\rquote s you. \'85 Good about Ron, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  she said blearily. \ldblquote I\rquote m just so \emdash  so \emdash  so tired,\rdblquote  she yawned. \ldblquote I was up until one o\rquote clock making more hats. They\rquote re disappearing like mad!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And sure enough, now that he looked, Harry saw that there were woolly hats concealed all around the room where unwary elves might accidentally pick them up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Great,\rdblquote  said Harry distractedly; if he did not tell somebody soon, he would burst. \ldblquote Listen, Hermione, I was just up in Umbridge\rquote s office and she touched my arm \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione listened closely. When Harry had finished she said slowly, \ldblquote You\rquote re worried that You-Know-Who\rquote s controlling her like he controlled Quirrell?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Harry, dropping his voice, \ldblquote it\rquote s a possibility, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose so,\rdblquote  said Hermione, though she sounded unconvinced. \ldblquote But I don\rquote t think he can be \i possessing\i0  her the way he possessed Quir\-rell, I mean, he\rquote s properly alive again now, isn\rquote t he, he\rquote s got his own body, he wouldn\rquote t need to share someone else\rquote s. He could have her un\-der the Imperius Curse, I suppose. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry watched Fred, George, and Lee Jordan juggling empty but\-terbeer bottles for a moment. Then Hermione said, \ldblquote But last year your scar hurt when nobody was touching you, and didn\rquote t Dumble\-dore say it had to do with what You-Know-Who was feeling at the time? I mean, maybe this hasn\rquote t got anything to do with Umbridge at all, maybe it\rquote s just coincidence it happened while you were with her?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s evil,\rdblquote  said Harry flatly. \ldblquote Twisted.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s horrible, yes, but\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Harry, I think you ought to tell Dum\-bledore your scar hurt.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was the second time in two days he had been advised to go to Dumbledore and his answer to Hermione was just the same as his an\-swer to Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not bothering him with this. Like you just said, it\rquote s not a big deal. It\rquote s been hurting on and off all summer \emdash  it was just a bit worse tonight, that\rquote s all \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote m sure Dumbledore would \i want\i0  to be bothered by this \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, before he could stop himself, \ldblquote that\rquote s the only bit of me Dumbledore cares about, isn\rquote t it, my scar?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t say that, it\rquote s not true!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think I\rquote ll write and tell Sirius about it, see what he thinks \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you can\rquote t put something like that in a letter!\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking alarmed. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you remember, Moody told us to be careful what we put in writing! We just can\rquote t guarantee owls aren\rquote t being intercepted anymore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, all right, I won\rquote t tell him, then!\rdblquote  said Harry irritably. He got to his feet. \ldblquote I\rquote m going to bed. Tell Ron for me, will you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking relieved, \ldblquote if you\rquote re going that means I can go without being rude too, I\rquote m absolutely exhausted and I want to make some more hats tomorrow. Listen, you can help me if you like, it\rquote s quite fun, I\rquote m getting better, I can do patterns and bob\-bles and all sorts of things now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked into her face, which was shining with glee, and tried to look as though he was vaguely tempted by this offer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85 no, I don\rquote t think I will, thanks,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Er \emdash  not tomor\-row. I\rquote ve got loads of homework to do. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he traipsed off to the boys\rquote  stairs, leaving her looking slightly disappointed behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 14\par
\pard\qc Percy and Padfoot\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry was the first to awake in his dormitory next morning. He lay for a moment watching dust swirl in the chink of sunlight falling through the gap in his four-poster\rquote s hangings and sa\-vored the thought that it was Saturday. The first week of term seemed to have dragged on forever, like one gigantic History of Magic lesson.\par
Judging by the sleepy silence and the freshly minted look of that beam of sunlight, it was just after daybreak. He pulled open the cur\-tains around his bed, got up, and started to dress. The only sound apart from the distant twittering of birds was the slow, deep breathing of his fellow Gryffindors. He opened his schoolbag carefully, pulled out parchment and quill, and headed out of the dormitory for the common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Making straight for his favorite squashy old armchair beside the now extinct fire, Harry settled himself down comfortably and un\-rolled his parchment while looking around the room. The detritus of crumpled-up bits of parchment, old Gobstones, empty ingredient jars, and candy wrappers that usually covered the common room at the end of each day was gone, as were all Hermione\rquote s elf hats. Wondering\lang3081  \lang1033 vaguely how many elves had now been set free whether they wanted to be or not, Harry uncorked his ink bottle, dipped his quill into it, and then held it suspended an inch above the smooth yellowish sur\-face of his parchment, thinking hard. \'85 But after a minute or so he found himself staring into the empty grate, at a complete loss for what to say.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could now appreciate how hard it had been for Ron and Hermione to write him letters over the summer. How was he sup\-posed to tell Sirius everything that had happened over the past week and pose all the questions he was burning to ask without giving po\-tential letter-thieves a lot of information he did not want them to have?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sat quite motionless for a while, gazing into the fireplace, then, finally coming to a decision, he dipped his quill into the ink bottle once more and set it resolutely upon the parchment.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Dear Snuffles,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Hope you\rquote re okay, the first week back here\rquote s been terrible, I\rquote m really glad it\rquote s the weekend.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i We\rquote ve got a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Pro\-fessor Umbridge. She\rquote s nearly as nice as your mum. I\rquote m writing because that thing I wrote to you about last summer happened again last night when I was doing a detention with Umbridge.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i We\rquote re all missing our biggest friend, we hope he\rquote ll be back soon.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Please write back quickly.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Best,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Harry\par
\i0\par
Harry reread this letter several times, trying to see it from the point of view of an outsider. He could not see how they would know what he was talking about \emdash  or who he was talking to \emdash  just from reading\lang3081  \lang1033 this letter. He did hope Sirius would pick up the hint about Hagrid and tell them when he might be back: Harry did not want to ask di\-rectly in case it drew too much attention to what Hagrid might be up to while he was not at Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Considering it was a very short letter it had taken a long time to write; sunlight had crept halfway across the room while he had been working on it, and he could now hear distant sounds of movement from the dormitories above. Sealing the parchment carefully he climbed through the portrait hole and headed off for the Owlery.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would \i not\i0  go that way if I were you,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick, drifting disconcertingly through a wall just ahead of him as he walked down the passage. \ldblquote Peeves is planning an amusing joke on the next person to pass the bust of Paracelsus halfway down the corridor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does it involve Paracelsus falling on top of the person\rquote s head?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Funnily enough, it \i does,\i0\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick in a bored voice. \ldblquote Subtlety has never been Peeves\rquote s strong point. I\rquote m off to try and find the Bloody Baron. \'85 He might be able to put a stop to it. \'85 See you, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, \rquote bye,\rdblquote  said Harry and instead of turning right, he turned left, taking a longer but safer route up to the Owlery. His spirits rose as he walked past window after window showing brilliantly blue sky; he had training later, he would be back on the Quidditch pitch at last \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something brushed his ankles. He looked down and saw the care\-taker\rquote s skeletal gray cat, Mrs. Norris, slinking past him. She turned lamplike yellow eyes upon him for a moment before disappearing be\-hind a statue of Wilfred the Wistful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not doing anything wrong,\rdblquote  Harry called after her. She had the unmistakable air of a cat that was off to report to her boss, yet Harry could not see why; he was perfectly entitled to walk up to the Owlery on a Saturday morning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sun was high in the sky now and when Harry entered the\lang3081  \lang1033 Owlery the glassless windows dazzled his eyes; thick silvery beams of sunlight crisscrossed the circular room in which hundreds of owls nes\-tled on rafters, a little restless in the early morning light, some clearly just returned from hunting. The straw-covered floor crunched a little as he stepped across tiny animal bones, craning his neck for a sight of Hedwig.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There you are,\rdblquote  he said, spotting her somewhere near the very top of the vaulted ceiling. \ldblquote Get down here, I\rquote ve got a letter for you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a low hoot she stretched her great white wings and soared down onto his shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right, I know this says \lquote Snuffles\rquote  on the outside,\rdblquote  he told her, giv\-ing her the letter to clasp in her beak and, without knowing exactly why, whispering, \ldblquote but it\rquote s for Sirius, okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She blinked her amber eyes once and he took that to mean that she understood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Safe flight, then,\rdblquote  said Harry and he carried her to one of the win\-dows; with a moment\rquote s pressure on his arm Hedwig took off into the blindingly bright sky. He watched her until she became a tiny black speck and vanished, then switched his gaze to Hagrid\rquote s hut, clearly vis\-ible from this window, and just as clearly uninhabited, the chimney smokeless, the curtains drawn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The treetops of the Forbidden Forest swayed in a light breeze. Harry watched them, savoring the fresh air on his face, thinking about Quidditch later \'85 and then he saw it. A great, reptilian winged horse, just like the ones pulling the Hogwarts carriages, with leathery black wings spread wide like a pterodactyl\rquote s, rose up out of the trees like a grotesque, giant bird. It soared in a great circle and then plunged once more into the trees. The whole thing had happened so quickly Harry could hardly believe what he had seen, except that his heart was hammering madly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Owlery door opened behind him. He leapt in shock, and turn\-ing quickly, saw Cho Chang holding a letter and a parcel in her hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Harry automatically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 hi,\rdblquote  she said breathlessly. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t think anyone would be up here this early. \'85 I only remembered five minutes ago, it\rquote s my mum\rquote s birthday.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She held up the parcel.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry. His brain seemed to have jammed. He wanted to say something funny and interesting, but the memory of that terri\-ble winged horse was fresh in his mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice day,\rdblquote  he said, gesturing to the windows. His insides seemed to shrivel with embarrassment. The weather. He was talking about the \i weather. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Cho, looking around for a suitable owl. \ldblquote Good Quid\-ditch conditions. I haven\rquote t been out all week, have you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cho had selected one of the school barn owls. She coaxed it down onto her arm where it held out an obliging leg so that she could attach the parcel.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey, has Gryffindor got a new Keeper yet?\rdblquote  she asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote It\rquote s my friend Ron Weasley, d\rquote you know him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Tornado-hater?\rdblquote  said Cho rather coolly. \ldblquote Is he any good?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote I think so. I didn\rquote t see his tryout, though, I was in detention.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cho looked up, the parcel only half-attached to the owl\rquote s legs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That Umbridge woman\rquote s foul,\rdblquote  she said in a low voice. \ldblquote Putting you in detention just because you told the truth about how \emdash  how \emdash  how he died. Everyone heard about it, it was all over the school. You were really brave standing up to her like that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s insides reinflated so rapidly he felt as though he might ac\-tually float a few inches off the dropping-strewn floor. Who cared about a stupid flying horse, Cho thought he had been really brave. \'85 For a moment he considered accidentally-on-purpose showing her his cut hand as he helped her tie her parcel onto her owl. \'85 But the very\lang3081  \lang1033 instant that this thrilling thought occurred, the Owlery door opened again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Filch, the caretaker, came wheezing into the room. There were pur\-ple patches on his sunken, veined cheeks, his jowls were aquiver and his thin gray hair disheveled; he had obviously run here. Mrs. Norris came trotting at his heels, gazing up at the owls overhead and mewing hungrily. There was a restless shifting of wings from above, and a large brown owl snapped his beak in a menacing fashion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aha!\rdblquote  said Filch, taking a flat-footed step toward Harry, his pouchy cheeks trembling with anger. \ldblquote I\rquote ve had a tip-off that you are intending to place a massive order for Dungbombs!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry folded his arms and stared at the caretaker.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who told you I was ordering Dungbombs?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cho was looking from Harry to Filch, also frowning; the barn owl on her arm, tired of standing on one leg, gave an admonitory hoot but she ignored it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have my sources,\rdblquote  said Filch in a self-satisfied hiss. \ldblquote Now hand over whatever it is you\rquote re sending.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Feeling immensely thankful that he had not dawdled in posting off the letter, Harry said, \ldblquote I can\rquote t, it\rquote s gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Gone\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Filch, his face contorting with rage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gone,\rdblquote  said Harry calmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Filch opened his mouth furiously, mouthed for a few seconds, then raked Harry\rquote s robes with his eyes. \ldblquote How do I know you haven\rquote t got it in your pocket?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw him send it,\rdblquote  said Cho angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Filch rounded on her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You saw him \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right, I saw him,\rdblquote  she said fiercely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a moment\rquote s pause in which Filch glared at Cho and Cho\lang3081  \lang1033 glared right back, then the caretaker turned and shuffled back toward the door. He stopped with his hand on the handle and looked back at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I get so much as a whiff of a Dungbomb \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stumped off down the stairs. Mrs. Norris cast a last longing look at the owls and followed him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Cho looked at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No problem,\rdblquote  said Cho, finally fixing the parcel to the barn owl\rquote s other leg, her face slightly pink. \ldblquote You \i weren\rquote t\i0  ordering Dungbombs, were you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wonder why he thought you were, then?\rdblquote  she said, as she carried the owl to the window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shrugged; he was quite as mystified by that as she was, though, oddly, it was not bothering him very much at the moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They left the Owlery together. At the entrance of a corridor that led toward the west wing of the castle, Cho said, \ldblquote I\rquote m going this way. Well, I\rquote ll\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I\rquote ll see you around, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 see you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She smiled at him and departed. He walked on, feeling quietly elated. He had managed to have an entire conversation with her and not embarrassed himself once. \'85 \i You were really brave standing up to her like that. \'85 \i0 She had called him brave. \'85 She did not hate him for being alive. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Of course, she had preferred Cedric, he knew that. \'85 Though if he\rquote d only asked her to the ball before Cedric had, things might have turned out differently. \'85 She had seemed sincerely sorry that she had to refuse when Harry had asked her. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Morning,\rdblquote  Harry said brightly to Ron and Hermione, joining them at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you looking so pleased about?\rdblquote  said Ron, eyeing Harry in surprise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Erm \'85 Quidditch later,\rdblquote  said Harry happily, pulling a large plat\-ter of bacon and eggs toward him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 yeah \'85\rdblquote  said Ron. He put down the bit of toast he was eating and took a large swig of pumpkin juice. Then he said, \ldblquote Listen \'85 you don\rquote t fancy going out a bit earlier with me, do you? Just to \emdash  er \emdash  give me some practice before training? So I can, you know, get my eye in a bit\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, okay,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look, I don\rquote t think you should,\rdblquote  said Hermione seriously, \ldblquote you\rquote re both really behind on homework as it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But she broke off; the morning post was arriving and, as usual, the \i Daily Prophet\i0  was soaring toward her in the beak of a screech owl, which landed perilously close to the sugar bowl and held out a leg; Hermione pushed a Knut into its leather pouch, took the newspaper, and scanned the front page critically as the owl took off again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anything interesting?\rdblquote  said Ron; Harry smiled \emdash  he knew Ron was keen to get her off the subject of homework.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  she sighed, \ldblquote just some guff about the bass player in the Weird Sisters getting married. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She opened the paper and disappeared behind it. Harry devoted himself to another helping of eggs and bacon; Ron was staring up at the high windows, looking slightly preoccupied.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait a moment,\rdblquote  said Hermione suddenly. \ldblquote Oh no \'85 Sirius!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s happened?\rdblquote  said Harry, and he snatched at the paper so violently that it ripped down the middle so that he and Hermione were holding half each.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i The Ministry of Magic has received a tip-off from a reliable source that Sirius Black, notorious mass murderer\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i blah blah blah\i0  \'85 \i is cur\-rently hiding in London\i0 !\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 Hermione read from her half in an anguished whisper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lucius Malfoy, I\rquote ll bet anything,\rdblquote  said Harry in a low, furious voice. \ldblquote He \i did\i0  recognize Sirius on the platform. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking alarmed. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t say \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shh!\rdblquote  said the other two.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 \lquote\i Ministry warns Wizarding community that Black is very danger\-ous\i0  \'85 \i killed thirteen people\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i broke out of Azkaban\i0  \'85\rquote  the usual rubbish,\rdblquote  Hermione concluded, laying down her half of the paper and looking fearfully at Harry and Ron. \ldblquote Well, he just won\rquote t be able to leave the house again, that\rquote s all,\rdblquote  she whispered. \ldblquote Dumbledore did warn him not to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down glumly at the bit of the \i Prophet\i0  he had torn off. Most of the page was devoted to an advertisement for Madame Malkin\rquote s Robes for All Occasions, which was apparently having a sale.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey!\rdblquote  he said, flattening it down so Hermione and Ron could both see it. \ldblquote Look at this!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got all the robes I want,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote look \'85 this little piece here \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione bent closer to read it; the item was barely an inch long and placed right at the bottom of a column. It was head\-lined:\par
\lang3081\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 TRESPASS AT MINISTRY\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 Sturgis Podmore, 38, of number two, Laburnum Gardens, Clapham, has appeared in front of the Wizengamot charged with trespass and attempted robbery at the Ministry of Magic on 31st August. Podmore was arrested by Ministry of Magic watch-wizard Eric Munch, who found him attempting to force his way through a top-security door at one o\rquote clock in the morning. Podmore, who refused to speak in his own defense, was convicted on both charges and sentenced to six months in Azkaban.\par
\par
\ldblquote Sturgis Podmore?\rdblquote  said Ron slowly, \ldblquote but he\rquote s that bloke who looks like his head\rquote s been thatched, isn\rquote t he? He\rquote s one of the Ord \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, \i shh\i0 !\rdblquote  said Hermione, casting a terrified look around them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Six months in Azkaban!\rdblquote  whispered Harry, shocked. \ldblquote Just for try\-ing to get through a door!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be silly, it wasn\rquote t just for trying to get through a door \emdash  what on earth was he doing at the Ministry of Magic at one o\rquote clock in the morning?\rdblquote  breathed Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you reckon he was doing something for the Order?\rdblquote  Ron muttered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait a moment. \'85\rdblquote  said Harry slowly. \ldblquote Sturgis was supposed to come and see us off, remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The other two looked at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, he was supposed to be part of our guard going to King\rquote s Cross, remember? And Moody was all annoyed because he didn\rquote t turn up, so that doesn\rquote t seem like he was supposed to be on a job for them, does it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, maybe they didn\rquote t expect him to get caught,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It could be a frame-up!\rdblquote  Ron exclaimed excitedly. \ldblquote No \emdash  listen!\rdblquote  he went on, dropping his voice dramatically at the threatening look on Hermione\rquote s face. \ldblquote The Ministry suspects he\rquote s one of Dumbledore\rquote s lot so \emdash  I dunno \emdash  they \i lured\i0  him to the Ministry, and he wasn\rquote t trying to get through a door at all! Maybe they\rquote ve just made some\-thing up to get him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause while Harry and Hermione considered this. Harry thought it seemed far-fetched; Hermione, on the other hand, looked rather impressed and said, \ldblquote Do you know, I wouldn\rquote t be at all surprised if that were true.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She folded up her half of the newspaper thoughtfully. When Harry laid down his knife and fork she seemed to come out of a reverie.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right, well, I think we should tackle that essay for Sprout on Self-Fertilizing Shrubs first, and if we\rquote re lucky we\rquote ll be able to start McGo\-nagall\rquote s Inanimatus Conjurus before lunch. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a small twinge of guilt at the thought of the pile of homework awaiting him upstairs, but the sky was a clear, exhilarating blue, and he had not been on his Firebolt for a week. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I mean, we can do it tonight,\rdblquote  said Ron, as he and Harry walked down the sloping lawns toward the Quidditch pitch, their broom\-sticks over their shoulders, Hermione\rquote s dire warnings that they would fail all their O.W.L.s still ringing in their ears. \ldblquote And we\rquote ve got tomor\-row. She gets too worked up about work, that\rquote s her trouble. \'85\rdblquote  There was a pause and he added, in a slightly more anxious tone, \ldblquote D\rquote you think she meant it when she said we weren\rquote t copying from her?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I do,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Still, this is important too, we\rquote ve got to practice if we want to stay on the Quidditch team. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Ron in a heartened tone. \ldblquote And we \i have\i0  got plenty of time to do it all. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced over to his right as they approached the Quidditch pitch, to where the trees of the Forbidden Forest were swaying darkly. Nothing flew out of them; the sky was empty but for a few distant owls fluttering around the Owlery Tower. He had enough to worry about; the flying horse wasn\rquote t doing him any harm: He pushed it out of his mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They collected balls from the cupboard in the changing room and set to work, Ron guarding the three tall goalposts, Harry playing Chaser and trying to get the Quaffle past Ron. Harry thought Ron was pretty good; he blocked three-quarters of the goals Harry at\-tempted to put past him and played better the longer they practiced. After a couple of hours they returned to the school, where they ate lunch, during which Hermione made it quite clear that she thought they were irresponsible, then returned to the Quidditch pitch for the real training session. All their teammates but Angelina were already in the changing room when they entered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, Ron?\rdblquote  said George, winking at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, who had become quieter and quieter all the way down to the pitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ready to show us all up, Ickle Prefect?\rdblquote  said Fred, emerging tousle-haired from the neck of his Quidditch robes, a slightly mali\-cious grin on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut up,\rdblquote  said Ron, stony-faced, pulling on his own team robes for the first time. They fitted him well considering they had been Oliver Wood\rquote s, who was rather broader in the shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay everyone,\rdblquote  said Angelina, entering from the Captain\rquote s office, already changed. \ldblquote Let\rquote s get to it; Alicia and Fred, if you can just bring the ball crate out for us. Oh, and there are a couple of people out there watching but I want you to just ignore them, all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something in her would-be casual voice made Harry think he might know who the uninvited spectators were, and sure enough, when they left the changing room for the bright sunlight of the pitch it was to a storm of catcalls and jeers from the Slytherin Quidditch team and assorted hangers-on, who were grouped halfway up the empty stands and whose voices echoed loudly around the stadium.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that Weasley\rquote s riding?\rdblquote  Malfoy called in his sneering drawl. \ldblquote Why would anyone put a Flying Charm on a moldy old log like that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crabbe, Goyle, and Pansy Parkinson guffawed and shrieked with laughter. Ron mounted his broom and kicked off from the ground and Harry followed him, watching his ears turn red from behind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ignore them,\rdblquote  he said, accelerating to catch up with Ron. \ldblquote We\rquote ll see who\rquote s laughing after we play them. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Exactly the attitude I want, Harry,\rdblquote  said Angelina approvingly, soaring around them with the Quaffle under her arm and slowing to hover on the spot in front of her airborne team. \ldblquote Okay everyone, we\rquote re\lang3081  \lang1033 going to start with some passes just to warm up, the whole team please \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey, Johnson, what\rquote s with that hairstyle anyway?\rdblquote  shrieked Pansy Parkinson from below. \ldblquote Why would anyone want to look like they\rquote ve got worms coming out of their head?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Angelina swept her long braided hair out of her face and said calmly, \ldblquote Spread out, then, and let\rquote s see what we can do. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry reversed away from the others to the far side of the pitch. Ron fell back toward the opposite goal. Angelina raised the Quaffle with one hand and threw it hard to Fred, who passed to George, who passed to Harry, who passed to Ron, who dropped it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Slytherins, led by Malfoy, roared and screamed with laughter. Ron, who had pelted toward the ground to catch the Quaffle before it landed, pulled out of the dive untidily, so that he slipped sideways on his broom, and returned to playing height, blushing. Harry saw Fred and George exchange looks, but uncharacteristically neither of them said anything, for which he was grateful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pass it on, Ron,\rdblquote  called Angelina, as though nothing had happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron threw the Quaffle to Alicia, who passed back to Harry, who passed to George. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey, Potter, how\rquote s your scar feeling?\rdblquote  called Malfoy. \ldblquote Sure you don\rquote t need a lie-down? It must be, what, a whole week since you were in the hospital wing, that\rquote s a record for you, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred passed to Angelina; she reverse passed to Harry, who had not been expecting it, but caught it in the very tips of his fingers and passed it quickly to Ron, who lunged for it and missed by inches.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on now, Ron,\rdblquote  said Angelina crossly, as Ron dived for the ground again, chasing the Quaffle. \ldblquote Pay attention.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It would have been hard to say whether Ron\rquote s face or the Quaffle was a deeper scarlet when he returned again to playing height. Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherin team were howling with laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On his third attempt, Ron caught the Quaffle; perhaps out of relief\lang3081  \lang1033 he passed it on so enthusiastically that it soared straight through Katie\rquote s outstretched hands and hit her hard in the face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry!\rdblquote  Ron groaned, zooming forward to see whether he had done any damage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get back in position, she\rquote s fine!\rdblquote  barked Angelina. \ldblquote But as you\rquote re passing to a teammate, do \i try\i0  not to knock her off her broom, won\rquote t you? We\rquote ve got Bludgers for that!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Katie\rquote s nose was bleeding. Down below the Slytherins were stamp\-ing their feet and jeering. Fred and George converged on Katie.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here, take this,\rdblquote  Fred told her, handing her something small and purple from out of his pocket. \ldblquote It\rquote ll clear it up in no time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  called Angelina, \ldblquote Fred, George, go and get your bats and a Bludger; Ron, get up to the goalposts, Harry, release the Snitch when I say so. We\rquote re going to aim for Ron\rquote s goal, obviously.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry zoomed off after the twins to fetch the Snitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron\rquote s making a right pig\rquote s ear of things, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  muttered George, as the three of them landed at the crate containing the balls and opened it to extract one of the Bludgers and the Snitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s just nervous,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He was fine when I was practicing with him this morning.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, I hope he hasn\rquote t peaked too soon,\rdblquote  said Fred gloomily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They returned to the air. When Angelina blew her whistle, Harry released the Snitch and Fred and George let fly the Bludger; from that moment on, Harry was barely aware of what the others were doing. It was his job to recapture the tiny fluttering golden ball that was worth a hundred and fifty points to the Seeker\rquote s team and doing so required enormous speed and skill. He accelerated, rolling and swerving in and out of the Chasers, the warm autumn air whipping his face and the distant yells of the Slytherins so much meaningless roaring in his ears. \'85 But too soon, the whistle brought him to a halt again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop \emdash  \i stop\i0  \endash  STOP!\rdblquote  screamed Angelina. \ldblquote Ron \emdash  you\rquote re not covering your middle post!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around at Ron, who was hovering in front of the left-hand hoop, leaving the other two completely unprotected.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 sorry \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You keep shifting around while you\rquote re watching the Chasers!\rdblquote  said Angelina. \ldblquote Either stay in center position until you have to move to de\-fend a hoop, or else circle the hoops, but don\rquote t drift vaguely off to one side, that\rquote s how you let in the last three goals!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry \'85\rdblquote  Ron repeated, his red face shining like a beacon against the bright blue sky.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Katie, can\rquote t you do something about that nosebleed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s just getting worse!\rdblquote  said Katie thickly, attempting to stem the flow with her sleeve.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced around at Fred, who was looking anxious and check\-ing his pockets. He saw Fred pull out something purple, examine it for a second, and then look around at Katie, evidently horrorstruck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, let\rquote s try again,\rdblquote  said Angelina. She was ignoring the Slyth\-erins, who had now set up a chant of \ldblquote\i Gryffindor are losers, Gryffindor are losers,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 but there was a certain rigidity about her seat on the broom nevertheless.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This time they had been flying for barely three minutes when Angelina\rquote s whistle sounded. Harry, who had just sighted the Snitch circling the opposite goalpost, pulled up feeling distinctly aggrieved.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What now?\rdblquote  he said impatiently to Alicia, who was nearest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Katie,\rdblquote  she said shortly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned and saw Angelina, Fred, and George all flying as fast as they could toward Katie. Harry and Alicia sped toward her too. It was plain that Angelina had stopped training just in time; Katie was now chalk-white and covered in blood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She needs the hospital wing,\rdblquote  said Angelina.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll take her,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote She \emdash  er \emdash  might have swallowed a Blood Blisterpod by mistake \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, there\rquote s no point continuing with no Beaters and a Chaser\lang3081  \lang1033 gone,\rdblquote  said Angelina glumly, as Fred and George zoomed off toward the castle supporting Katie between them. \ldblquote Come on, let\rquote s go and get changed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Slytherins continued to chant as they trailed back into the changing rooms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How was practice?\rdblquote  asked Hermione rather coolly half an hour later, as Harry and Ron climbed through the portrait hole into the Gryffindor common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Completely lousy,\rdblquote  said Ron in a hollow voice, sinking into a chair beside Hermione. She looked up at Ron and her frostiness seemed to melt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it was only your first one,\rdblquote  she said consolingly, \ldblquote it\rquote s bound to take time to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who said it was me who made it lousy?\rdblquote  snapped Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking taken aback, \ldblquote I thought \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You thought I was bound to be rubbish?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, of course I didn\rquote t! Look, you said it was lousy so I just \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to get started on some homework,\rdblquote  said Ron angrily and stomped off to the staircase to the boys\rquote  dormitories and vanished from sight. Hermione turned to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Was\i0  he lousy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry loyally.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione raised her eyebrows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I suppose he could\rquote ve played better,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, \ldblquote but it was only the first training session, like you said. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neither Harry nor Ron seemed to make much headway with their homework that night. Harry knew Ron was too preoccupied with how badly he had performed at Quidditch practice and he himself was having difficulty in getting the chant of \ldblquote\i Gryffindor are losers\i0\rdblquote  out of his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They spent the whole of Sunday in the common room, buried in\lang3081  \lang1033 their books while the room around them filled up, then emptied: It was another clear, fine day and most of their fellow Gryffindors spent the day out in the grounds, enjoying what might well be some of the last sunshine that year. By the evening Harry felt as though somebody had been beating his brain against the inside of his skull.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know, we probably should try and get more homework done during the week,\rdblquote  Harry muttered to Ron, as they finally laid aside Professor McGonagall\rquote s long essay on the Inanimatus Conjurus spell and turned miserably to Professor Sinistra\rquote s equally long and difficult essay about Jupiter\rquote s moons.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, rubbing slightly bloodshot eyes and throwing his fifth spoiled bit of parchment into the fire beside them. \ldblquote Listen \'85 shall we just ask Hermione if we can have a look at what she\rquote s done?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced over at her; she was sitting with Crookshanks on her lap and chatting merrily to Ginny as a pair of knitting needles flashed in midair in front of her, now knitting a pair of shapeless elf socks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he said heavily, \ldblquote you know she won\rquote t let us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And so they worked on while the sky outside the windows became steadily darker; slowly, the crowd in the common room began to thin again. At half-past eleven, Hermione wandered over to them, yawning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nearly done?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron shortly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Jupiter\rquote s biggest moon is Ganymede, not Callisto,\rdblquote  she said, pointing over Ron\rquote s shoulder at a line in his Astronomy essay, \ldblquote and it\rquote s Io that\rquote s got the volcanos.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  snarled Ron, scratching out the offending sentences.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry, I only \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, if you\rquote ve just come over here to criticize \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t got time to listen to a sermon, all right, Hermione, I\rquote m up to my neck in it here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 look!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was pointing to the nearest window. Harry and Ron both looked over. A handsome screech owl was standing on the win\-dowsill, gazing into the room at Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Isn\rquote t that Hermes?\rdblquote  said Hermione, sounding amazed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, it is!\rdblquote  said Ron quietly, throwing down his quill and get\-ting to his feet. \ldblquote What\rquote s Percy writing to me for?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He crossed to the window and opened it; Hermes flew inside, landed upon Ron\rquote s essay, and held out a leg to which a letter was at\-tached. Ron took it off and the owl departed at once, leaving inky footprints across Ron\rquote s drawing of the moon Io.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s definitely Percy\rquote s handwriting,\rdblquote  said Ron, sinking back into his chair and staring at the words on the outside of the scroll: \i To Ronald\lang3081  \lang1033 Weasley, Gryffindor House, Hogwarts.\i0  He looked up at the other two. \ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Open it!\rdblquote  said Hermione eagerly. Harry nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron unrolled the scroll and began to read. The farther down the parchment his eyes traveled, the more pronounced became his scowl. When he had finished reading, he looked disgusted. He thrust the let\-ter at Harry and Hermione, who leaned toward each other to read it together:\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Dear Ron,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I have only just heard (from no less a person than the Minister of Magic himself, who has it from your new teacher, Professor Umbridge) that you have become a Hogwarts prefect.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I was most pleasantly surprised when I heard this news and must firstly offer my congratulations. I must admit that I have al\-ways been afraid that you would take what we might call the \ldblquote Fred and George\rdblquote  route, rather than following in my footsteps, so you can imagine my feelings on hearing you have stopped flouting authority and have decided to shoulder some real responsibility.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i But I want to give you more than congratulations, Ron, I want to give you some advice, which is why I am sending this at night rather than by the usual morning post. Hopefully you will be able to read this away from prying eyes and avoid awkward questions.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i From something the Minister let slip when telling me you are now a prefect, I gather that you are still seeing a lot of Harry Pot\-ter. I must tell you, Ron, that nothing could put you in danger of losing your badge more than continued fraternization with that boy. Yes, I am sure you are surprised to hear this \i0\emdash  \i no doubt you will say that Potter has always been Dumbledore\rquote s favorite \i0\emdash  \i but I feel bound to tell you that Dumbledore may not be in charge at Hogwarts much longer and the people who count have a very dif\-ferent \i0\emdash  \i and probably more accurate \i0\emdash  \i view of Potters behav\-ior. I shall say no more here, but if you look at the\i0  Daily Prophet \i tomorrow you will get a good idea of the way the wind is blow\-ing \i0\emdash  \i and see if you can spot yours truly!\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Seriously, Ron, you do not want to be tarred with the same brush as Potter, it could be very damaging to your future prospects, and I am talking here about life after school too. As you must be aware, given that our father escorted him to court, Pot\-ter had a disciplinary hearing this summer in front of the whole Wizengamot and he did not come out of it looking too good. He got off on a mere technicality if you ask me and many of the peo\-ple I\rquote ve spoken to remain convinced of his guilt.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i It may be that you are afraid to sever ties with Potter \i0\emdash  \i I know that he can be unbalanced and, for all I know, violent \i0\emdash  \i but if you have any worries about this, or have spotted anything else in Potter\rquote s behavior that is troubling you, I urge you to speak to Dolores Umbridge, a really delightful woman, who I know will be only too happy to advise you.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i This leads me to my other bit of advice. As I have hinted\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i above, Dumbledore\rquote s regime at Hogwarts may soon be over. Your loyalty, Ron, should be not to him, but to the school and the Min\-istry. I am very sorry to hear that so far Professor Umbridge is en\-countering very little cooperation from staff as she strives to make those necessary changes within Hogwarts that the Ministry so ar\-dently desires (although she should find this easier from next week \i0\emdash  \i again, see the\i0  Prophet \i tomorrow!). I shall say only this \i0\emdash  \i a student who shows himself willing to help Professor Um\-bridge now may be very well placed for Head Boyship in a couple of years!\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I am sorry that I was unable to see more of you over the sum\-mer. It pains me to criticize our parents, but I am afraid I can no longer live under their roof while they remain mixed up with the dangerous crowd around Dumbledore (if you are writing to Mother at any point, you might tell her that a certain Sturgis Podmore, who is a great friend of Dumbledore\rquote s, has recently been sent to Azkaban for trespass at the Ministry. Perhaps that will open their eyes to the kind of petty criminals with whom they are currently rubbing shoulders). I count myself very lucky to have es\-caped the stigma of association with such people \i0\emdash  \i the Minister really could not be more gracious to me \i0\emdash  \i and I do hope, Ron, that you will not allow family ties to blind you to the misguided nature of our parents\rquote  beliefs and actions either. I sincerely hope that, in time, they will realize how mistaken they were and I shall, of course, be ready to accept a full apology when that day comes.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Please think over what I have said most carefully, particularly the bit about Harry Potter, and congratulations again on becom\-ing\lang3081  \lang1033 prefect.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Your brother,\par
Percy\par
\i0\par
Harry looked up at Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  he said, trying to sound as though he found the whole thing a joke, \ldblquote if you want to \emdash  er \emdash  what is it?\rdblquote  (He checked Percy\rquote s letter.) \ldblquote Oh yeah \emdash  \lquote sever ties\rquote  with me, I swear I won\rquote t get violent.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give it back,\rdblquote  said Ron, holding out his hand. \ldblquote He is \emdash\rdblquote  Ron said jerkily, tearing Percy\rquote s letter in half, \ldblquote the world\rquote s\rdblquote  \emdash  he tore it into quarters \emdash  \ldblquote biggest\rdblquote  \emdash  he tore it into eighths \emdash  \ldblquote\i git.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 He threw the pieces into the fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, we\rquote ve got to get this finished some time before dawn,\rdblquote  he said briskly to Harry, pulling Professor Sinistra\rquote s essay back toward him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was looking at Ron with an odd expression on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, give them here,\rdblquote  she said abruptly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give them to me, I\rquote ll look through them and correct them,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you serious? Ah, Hermione, you\rquote re a lifesaver,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote what can I \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What you can say is, \lquote We promise we\rquote ll never leave our homework this late again,\rquote  \rdblquote  she said, holding out both hands for their essays, but she looked slightly amused all the same.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks a million, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry weakly, passing over his essay and sinking back into his armchair, rubbing his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was now past midnight and the common room was deserted but for the three of them and Crookshanks. The only sound was that of Hermione\rquote s quill scratching out sentences here and there on their essays and the ruffle of pages as she checked various facts in the refer\-ence books strewn across the table. Harry was exhausted. He also felt an odd, sick, empty feeling in his stomach that had nothing to do with tiredness and everything to do with the letter now curling blackly in the heart of the fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He knew that half the people inside Hogwarts thought him\lang3081  \lang1033 strange, even mad; he knew that the \i Daily Prophet\i0  had been making snide allusions to him for months, but there was something about see\-ing it written down like that in Percy\rquote s writing, about knowing that Percy was advising Ron to drop him and even to tell tales on him to Umbridge, that made his situation real to him as nothing else had. He had known Percy for four years, had stayed in his house during the summers, shared a tent with him during the Quidditch World Cup, had even been awarded full marks by him in the second task of the Triwizard Tournament last year, yet now, Percy thought him unbal\-anced and possibly violent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And with a surge of sympathy for his godfather, Harry thought that Sirius was probably the only person he knew who could really under\-stand how he felt at the moment, because Sirius was in the same situ\-ation; nearly everyone in the Wizarding world thought Sirius a dangerous murderer and a great Voldemort supporter and he had had to live with that knowledge for fourteen years. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry blinked. He had just seen something in the fire that could not have been there. It had flashed into sight and vanished immedi\-ately. No \'85 it could not have been. \'85 He had imagined it because he had been thinking about Sirius. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, write that down,\rdblquote  Hermione said to Ron, pushing his essay and a sheet covered in her own writing back to Ron, \ldblquote and then copy out this conclusion that I\rquote ve written for you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, you are honestly the most wonderful person I\rquote ve ever met,\rdblquote  said Ron weakly, \ldblquote and if I\rquote m ever rude to you again \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  I\rquote ll know you\rquote re back to normal,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Harry, yours is okay except for this bit at the end, I think you must have mis\-heard Professor Sinistra, Europa\rquote s covered in \i ice,\i0  not mice \emdash  Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had slid off his chair onto his knees and was now crouching on the singed and threadbare hearthrug, gazing into the flames.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  Harry?\rdblquote  said Ron uncertainly. \ldblquote Why are you down there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because I\rquote ve just seen Sirius\rquote s head in the fire,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He spoke quite calmly; after all, he had seen Sirius\rquote s head in this very fire the previous year and talked to it too. Nevertheless, he could not be sure that he had really seen it this time. \'85 It had vanished so quickly. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius\rquote s head?\rdblquote  Hermione repeated. \ldblquote You mean like when he wanted to talk to you during the Triwizard Tournament? But he wouldn\rquote t do that now, it would be too \emdash  \i Sirius\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She gasped, gazing at the fire; Ron dropped his quill. There in the middle of the dancing flames sat Sirius\rquote s head, long dark hair falling around his grinning face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was starting to think you\rquote d go to bed before everyone else had disappeared,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been checking every hour.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve been popping into the fire every hour?\rdblquote  Harry said, half laughing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just for a few seconds to check if the coast was clear yet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what if you\rquote d been seen?\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I think a girl \emdash  first year by the look of her \emdash  might\rquote ve got a glimpse of me earlier, but don\rquote t worry,\rdblquote  Sirius said hastily, as Hermione clapped a hand to her mouth. \ldblquote I was gone the moment she looked back at me and I\rquote ll bet she just thought I was an oddly shaped log or something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Sirius, this is taking an awful risk \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You sound like Molly,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote This was the only way I could come up with of answering Harry\rquote s letter without resorting to a code \emdash  and codes are breakable.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At the mention of Harry\rquote s letter, Hermione and Ron had both turned to stare at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t say you\rquote d written to Sirius!\rdblquote  said Hermione accusingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I forgot,\rdblquote  said Harry, which was perfectly true; his meeting with Cho in the Owlery had driven everything before it out of his mind. \ldblquote Don\rquote t look at me like that, Hermione, there was no way anyone would have got secret information out of it, was there, Sirius?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it was very good,\rdblquote  said Sirius, smiling. \ldblquote Anyway, we\rquote d better be quick, just in case we\rquote re disturbed \emdash  your scar.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about \emdash  ?\rdblquote  Ron began, but Hermione said quickly, \ldblquote We\rquote ll tell you afterward, go on, Sirius.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I know it can\rquote t be fun when it hurts, but we don\rquote t think it\rquote s anything to really worry about. It kept aching all last year, didn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, and Dumbledore said it happened whenever Voldemort was feeling a powerful emotion,\rdblquote  said Harry, ignoring, as usual, Ron and Hermione\rquote s winces. \ldblquote So maybe he was just, I dunno, really angry or something the night I had that detention.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, now he\rquote s back it\rquote s bound to hurt more often,\rdblquote  said Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you don\rquote t think it had anything to do with Umbridge touching me when I was in detention with her?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I doubt it,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote I know her by reputation and I\rquote m sure she\rquote s no Death Eater \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s foul enough to be one,\rdblquote  said Harry darkly and Ron and Hermione nodded vigorously in agreement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but the world isn\rquote t split into good people and Death Eaters,\rdblquote  said Sirius with a wry smile. \ldblquote I know she\rquote s a nasty piece of work, though \emdash  you should hear Remus talk about her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does Lupin know her?\rdblquote  asked Harry quickly, remembering Um\-bridge\rquote s comments about dangerous half-breeds during her first lesson.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote but she drafted a bit of anti-werewolf legislation two years ago that makes it almost impossible for him to get a job.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry remembered how much shabbier Lupin looked these days and his dislike of Umbridge deepened even further.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s she got against werewolves?\rdblquote  said Hermione angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Scared of them, I expect,\rdblquote  said Sirius, smiling at her indignation. \ldblquote Apparently she loathes part-humans; she campaigned to have mer-people rounded up and tagged last year too. Imagine wasting your\lang3081  \lang1033 time and energy persecuting merpeople when there are little toerags like Kreacher on the loose \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron laughed but Hermione looked upset.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius!\rdblquote  she said reproachfully. \ldblquote Honestly, if you made a bit of an ef\-fort with Kreacher I\rquote m sure he\rquote d respond, after all, you are the only member of his family he\rquote s got left, and Professor Dumbledore said \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what are Umbridge\rquote s lessons like?\rdblquote  Sirius interrupted. \ldblquote Is she training you all to kill half-breeds?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, ignoring Hermione\rquote s affronted look at being cut off in her defense of Kreacher. \ldblquote She\rquote s not letting us use magic at all!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All we do is read the stupid textbook,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, well, that figures,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote Our information from inside the Ministry is that Fudge doesn\rquote t want you trained in combat.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Trained in combat\i0 ?\rdblquote\i  \i0 repeated Harry incredulously. \ldblquote What does he think we\rquote re doing here, forming some sort of wizard army?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s exactly what he thinks you\rquote re doing,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote or rather, that\rquote s exactly what he\rquote s afraid Dumbledore\rquote s doing \emdash  forming his own private army, with which he will be able to take on the Ministry of Magic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause at this, then Ron said, \ldblquote That\rquote s the stupidest thing I\rquote ve ever heard, including all the stuff that Luna Lovegood comes out with.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So we\rquote re being prevented from learning Defense Against the Dark Arts because Fudge is scared we\rquote ll use spells against the Ministry?\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking furious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote Fudge thinks Dumbledore will stop at nothing to seize power. He\rquote s getting more paranoid about Dumbledore by the day. It\rquote s a matter of time before he has Dumbledore arrested on some trumped-up charge.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This reminded Harry of Percy\rquote s letter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you know if there\rquote s going to be anything about Dumbledore in\lang3081  \lang1033 the \i Daily Prophet \i0 tomorrow? Only Ron\rquote s brother Percy reckons there will be \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote I haven\rquote t seen anyone from the Order all weekend, they\rquote re all busy. It\rquote s just been Kreacher and me here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a definite note of bitterness in Sirius\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you haven\rquote t had any news about Hagrid, either?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah \'85\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote well, he was supposed to be back by now, no one\rquote s sure what\rquote s happened to him.\rdblquote  Then, seeing their stricken faces, he added quickly, \ldblquote But Dumbledore\rquote s not worried, so don\rquote t you three get yourselves in a state; I\rquote m sure Hagrid\rquote s fine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if he was supposed to be back by now \'85\rdblquote  said Hermione in a small, worried voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Madame Maxime was with him, we\rquote ve been in touch with her and she says they got separated on the journey home \emdash  but there\rquote s noth\-ing to suggest he\rquote s hurt or \emdash  well, nothing to suggest he\rquote s not perfectly okay.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Unconvinced, Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged worried looks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen, don\rquote t go asking too many questions about Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Sirius hastily, \ldblquote it\rquote ll just draw even more attention to the fact that he\rquote s not back, and I know Dumbledore doesn\rquote t want that. Hagrid\rquote s tough, he\rquote ll be okay.\rdblquote  And when they did not appear cheered by this, Sirius added, \ldblquote When\rquote s your next Hogsmeade weekend anyway? I was think\-ing, we got away with the dog disguise at the station, didn\rquote t we? I thought I could \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO!\rdblquote  said Harry and Hermione together, very loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius, didn\rquote t you see the \i Daily Prophet\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh that,\rdblquote  said Sirius, grinning, \ldblquote they\rquote re always guessing where I am, they haven\rquote t really got a clue \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but we think this time they have,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Something Malfoy said on the train made us think he knew it was you, and his fa\-ther was on the platform, Sirius \emdash  you know, Lucius Malfoy \emdash  so\lang3081  \lang1033 don\rquote t come up here, whatever you do, if Malfoy recognizes you again \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, all right, I\rquote ve got the point,\rdblquote  said Sirius. He looked most displeased. \ldblquote Just an idea, thought you might like to get together \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would, I just don\rquote t want you chucked back in Azkaban!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause in which Sirius looked out of the fire at Harry, a crease between his sunken eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re less like your father than I thought,\rdblquote  he said finally, a defi\-nite coolness in his voice. \ldblquote The risk would\rquote ve been what made it fun for James.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote d better get going, I can hear Kreacher coming down the stairs,\rdblquote  said Sirius, but Harry was sure he was lying. \ldblquote I\rquote ll write to tell you a time I can make it back into the fire, then, shall I? If you can stand to risk it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a tiny \i pop,\i0  and the place where Sirius\rquote s head had been was flickering flame once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 15\par
\pard\qc The Hogwarts High Inquisitor\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
They had expected to have to comb Hermione\rquote s \i Daily Prophet\i0  carefully next morning to find the article Percy had mentioned in his letter. However, the departing delivery owl had barely cleared the top of the milk jug when Hermione let out a huge gasp and flat\-tened the newspaper to reveal a large photograph of Dolores Um\-bridge, smiling widely and blinking slowly at them from beneath the headline:\par
\par
\pard\qc MINISTRY SEEKS EDUCATIONAL REFORM\par
DOLORES UMBRIDGE APPOINTED FIRST-EVER \ldblquote HIGH INQUISITOR\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
\ldblquote  \lquote High Inquisitor\rquote ?\rdblquote  said Harry darkly, his half-eaten bit of toast slipping from his fingers. \ldblquote What does \i that\i0  mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione read aloud:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i In a surprise move last night the Ministry of Magic passed new legis\-lation giving itself an unprecedented level of control at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i The Minister has been growing uneasy about goings-on at Hogwarts\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i for some time\i0 ,\rquote\i  said Junior Assistant to the Minister, Percy Weasley. \i0\lquote\i He is now responding to concerns voiced by anxious parents, who feel the school may be moving in a direction they do not approve.\i0\rquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i This is not the first time in recent weeks Fudge has used new laws to effect improvements at the Wizarding school. As recently as August 30th Educational Decree Twenty-two was passed, to ensure that, in the event of the current headmaster being unable to provide a candidate for a teaching post, the Ministry should select an appropriate person.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i That\rquote s how Dolores Umbridge came to be appointed to the teaching staff at Hogwarts\i0 ,\rquote\i  said Weasley last night. \i0\lquote\i Dumbledore couldn\rquote t find any\-one, so the Minister put in Umbridge and of course, she\rquote s been an imme\-diate success\i0  \emdash\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s been a WHAT?\rdblquote  said Harry loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait, there\rquote s more,\rdblquote  said Hermione grimly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\emdash\lang3081  \lang1033\i an immediate success, totally revolutionizing the teaching of Defense Against the Dark Arts and providing the Minister with on-the-ground feedback about what\rquote s really happening at Hogwarts.\i0\rquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i It is this last function that the Ministry has now formalized with the passing of Educational Decree Twenty-three, which creates the new posi\-tion of \i0\lquote\i Hogwarts High Inquisitor.\i0\rquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i This is an exciting new phase in the Minister\rquote s plan to get to grips with what some are calling the \i0\ldblquote\i falling standards\i0\rdblquote  \i at Hogwarts\i0 ,\rquote\i  said Weasley. \i0\lquote\i The Inquisitor will have powers to inspect her fellow educators and make sure that they are coming up to scratch. Professor Umbridge has been offered this position in addition to her own teaching post, and we are delighted to say that she has accepted.\i0\rquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i The Ministry\rquote s new moves have received enthusiastic support from parents of students at Hogwarts.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i I feel much easier in my mind now that I know that Dumbledore is being subjected to fair and objective evaluation,\rquote  said Mr. Lucius Malfoy, 41, speaking from his Wiltshire mansion last night. \lquote Many of us with our children\rquote s best interests at heart have been concerned about some of\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i Dumbledore\rquote s eccentric decisions in the last few years and will be glad to know that the Ministry is keeping an eye on the situation.\i0\rquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Among those \i0\lquote\i eccentric decisions\i0\rquote  \i are undoubtedly the controversial staff appointments previously described in this newspaper, which have in\-cluded the hiring of werewolf Remus Lupin, half giant Rubeus Hagrid, and delusional ex-Auror \i0\lquote\i Mad-Eye\i0\rquote  \i Moody.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Rumors abound, of course, that Albus Dumbledore, once Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards and Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, is no longer up to the task of managing the prestigious school of\lang3081  \lang1033 Hogwarts.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i I think the appointment of the Inquisitor is a first step toward ensur\-ing that Hogwarts has a headmaster in whom we can all repose confidence\i0 ,\rquote  \i said a Ministry insider last night.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Wizengamot elders Griselda Marchbanks and Tiberius Ogden have resigned in protest at the introduction of the post of Inquisitor to Hogwarts.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Hogwarts is a school, not an outpost of Cornelius Fudge\rquote s office\i0 ,\rquote\i  said Madam Marchbanks. \i0\lquote\i This is a further disgusting attempt to discredit Al\-bus Dumbledore\i0 .\rquote\i  \i0 (\i For a full account of Madam Marchbanks\rquote  alleged links to subversive goblin groups, turn to page 17\i0 ).\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione finished reading and looked across the table at the other two.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So now we know how we ended up with Umbridge! Fudge passed this \lquote Educational Decree\rquote  and forced her on us! And now he\rquote s given her the power to inspect other teachers!\rdblquote  Hermione was breathing fast and her eyes were very bright. \ldblquote I can\rquote t believe this. It\rquote s \i outrageous. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know it is,\rdblquote  said Harry. He looked down at his right hand, clenched upon the tabletop, and saw the faint white outline of the words Umbridge had forced him to cut into his skin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But a grin was unfurling on Ron\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry and Hermione together, staring at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I can\rquote t wait to see McGonagall inspected,\rdblquote  said Ron happily. \ldblquote Umbridge won\rquote t know what\rquote s hit her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, come on,\rdblquote  said Hermione, jumping up, \ldblquote we\rquote d better get go\-ing, if she\rquote s inspecting Binns\rquote s class we don\rquote t want to be late. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Professor Umbridge was not inspecting their History of Magic lesson, which was just as dull as the previous Monday, nor was she in Snape\rquote s dungeon when they arrived for double Potions, where Harry\rquote s moonstone essay was handed back to him with a large, spiky black D scrawled in an upper corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have awarded you the grades you would have received if you pre\-sented this work in your O.W.L,\rdblquote  said Snape with a smirk, as he swept among them, passing back their homework. \ldblquote This should give you a realistic idea of what to expect in your examination.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape reached the front of the class and turned to face them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The general standard of this homework was abysmal. Most of you would have failed had this been your examination. I expect to see a great deal more effort for this week\rquote s essay on the various varieties of venom antidotes, or I shall have to start handing out detentions to those dunces who get D\rquote s.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He smirked as Malfoy sniggered and said in a carrying whisper, \ldblquote Some people got \i D\rquote s\i0 ? Ha!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry realized that Hermione was looking sideways to see what grade he had received; he slid his moonstone essay back into his bag as quickly as possible, feeling that he would rather keep that information private.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Determined not to give Snape an excuse to fail him this lesson, Harry read and reread every line of the instructions on the blackboard at least three times before acting on them. His Strengthening Solution was not precisely the clear turquoise shade of Hermione\rquote s but it was at least blue rather than pink, like Neville\rquote s, and he delivered a flask of it to Snape\rquote s desk at the end of the lesson with a feeling of mingled defi\-ance and relief.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that wasn\rquote t as bad as last week, was it?\rdblquote  said Hermione, as they climbed the steps out of the dungeon and made their way across\lang3081  \lang1033 the entrance hall toward lunch. \ldblquote And the homework didn\rquote t go too badly either, did it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When neither Ron nor Harry answered, she pressed on, \ldblquote I mean, all right, I didn\rquote t expect the top grade, not if he\rquote s marking to O.W.L. standard, but a pass is quite encouraging at this stage, wouldn\rquote t you say?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry made a noncommittal noise in his throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, a lot can happen between now and the exam, we\rquote ve got plenty of time to improve, but the grades we\rquote re getting now are a sort of baseline, aren\rquote t they? Something we can build on \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They sat down together at the Gryffindor table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Obviously, I\rquote d have been \i thrilled\i0  if I\rquote d gotten an O \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron sharply, \ldblquote if you want to know what grades we got, ask.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t \emdash  I didn\rquote t mean \emdash  well, if you want to tell me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I got a P,\rdblquote  said Ron, ladling soup into his bowl. \ldblquote Happy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s nothing to be ashamed of,\rdblquote  said Fred, who had just ar\-rived at the table with George and Lee Jordan and was sitting down on Harry\rquote s right. \ldblquote Nothing wrong with a good healthy P.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote doesn\rquote t P stand for \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Poor,\rquote  yeah,\rdblquote  said Lee Jordan. \ldblquote Still, better than D, isn\rquote t it? \lquote Dreadful\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt his face grow warm and faked a small coughing fit over his roll. When he emerged from this he was sorry to find that Hermione was still in full flow about O.W.L. grades.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So top grade\rquote s O for \lquote Outstanding,\rquote  \rdblquote  she was saying, \ldblquote and then there\rquote s A \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, E,\rdblquote  George corrected her, \ldblquote E for \lquote Exceeds Expectations.\rquote  And I\rquote ve always thought Fred and I should\rquote ve got E in everything, because we exceeded expectations just by turning up for the exams.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all laughed except Hermione, who plowed on, \ldblquote So after E, it\rquote s A for \lquote Acceptable,\rquote  and that\rquote s the last pass grade, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Fred, dunking an entire roll in his soup, transferring it to his mouth, and swallowing it whole.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then you get P for \lquote Poor\rquote  \rdblquote  \emdash  Ron raised both his arms in mock celebration \emdash  \ldblquote and D for \lquote Dreadful.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then T,\rdblquote  George reminded him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote T?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, looking appalled. \ldblquote Even lower than a D? What on earth does that stand for?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Troll,\rquote  \rdblquote  said George promptly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry laughed again, though he was not sure whether or not George was joking. He imagined trying to conceal from Hermione that he had received T\rquote s in all his O.W.L.s and immediately resolved to work harder from now on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You lot had an inspected lesson yet?\rdblquote  Fred asked them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Hermione at once, \ldblquote have you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just now, before lunch,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Charms.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was it like?\rdblquote  Harry and Hermione asked together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred shrugged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not that bad. Umbridge just lurked in the corner making notes on a clipboard. You know what Flitwick\rquote s like, he treated her like a guest, didn\rquote t seem to bother him at all. She didn\rquote t say much. Asked Alicia a couple of questions about what the classes are normally like, Alicia told her they were really good, that was it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t see old Flitwick getting marked down,\rdblquote  said George, \ldblquote he usually gets everyone through their exams all right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote ve you got this afternoon?\rdblquote  Fred asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Trelawney \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A T if ever I saw one \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and Umbridge herself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, be a good boy and keep your temper with Umbridge today,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Angelina\rquote ll do her nut if you miss any more Quidditch practices.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry did not have to wait for Defense Against the Dark Arts\lang3081  \lang1033 to meet Professor Umbridge. He was pulling out his dream diary in a seat at the very back of the shadowy Divination room when Ron el\-bowed him in the ribs and, looking round, he saw Professor Umbridge emerging through the trapdoor in the floor. The class, which had been talking cheerily, fell silent at once. The abrupt fall in the noise level made Professor Trelawney, who had been wafting about handing out \i Dream Oracles,\i0  look round.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good afternoon, Professor Trelawney,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge with her wide smile. \ldblquote You received my note, I trust? Giving the time and date of your inspection?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney nodded curtly and, looking very disgruntled, turned her back on Professor Umbridge and continued to give out books. Still smiling, Professor Umbridge grasped the back of the near\-est armchair and pulled it to the front of the class so that it was a few inches behind Professor Trelawney\rquote s seat. She then sat down, took her clipboard from her flowery bag, and looked up expectantly, waiting for the class to begin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney pulled her shawls tight about her with slightly trembling hands and surveyed the class through her hugely magnify\-ing lenses. \ldblquote We shall be continuing our study of prophetic dreams to\-day,\rdblquote  she said in a brave attempt at her usual mystic tones, though her voice shook slightly. \ldblquote Divide into pairs, please, and interpret each other\rquote s latest nighttime visions with the aid of the \i Oracle.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She made as though to sweep back to her seat, saw Professor Um\-bridge sitting right beside it, and immediately veered left toward Par\-vati and Lavender, who were already deep in discussion about Parvati\rquote s most recent dream.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened his copy of \i The Dream Oracle,\i0  watching Umbridge covertly. She was making notes on her clipboard now. After a few min\-utes she got to her feet and began to pace the room in Trelawney\rquote s wake, listening to her conversations with students and posing ques\-tions here and there. Harry bent his head hurriedly over his book.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Think of a dream, quick,\rdblquote  he told Ron, \ldblquote in case the old toad comes our way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did it last time,\rdblquote  Ron protested, \ldblquote it\rquote s your turn, you tell me one.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I dunno \'85\rdblquote  said Harry desperately, who could not remem\-ber dreaming anything at all over the last few days. \ldblquote Let\rquote s say I dreamed I was \'85 drowning Snape in my cauldron. Yeah, that\rquote ll do. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron chortled as he opened his \i Dream Oracle.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, we\rquote ve got to add your age to the date you had the dream, the number of letters in the subject\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 would that be \lquote drowning\rquote  or \lquote caul\-dron\rquote  or \lquote Snape\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t matter, pick any of them,\rdblquote  said Harry, chancing a glance behind him. Professor Umbridge was now standing at Professor Tre\-lawney\rquote s shoulder making notes while the Divination teacher ques\-tioned Neville about his dream diary.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What night did you dream this again?\rdblquote  Ron said, immersed in calculations.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno, last night, whenever you like,\rdblquote  Harry told him, trying to listen to what Umbridge was saying to Professor Trelawney. They were only a table away from him and Ron now. Professor Umbridge was making another note on her clipboard and Professor Trelawney was looking extremely put out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, looking up at Trelawney, \ldblquote you\rquote ve been in this post how long, exactly?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney scowled at her, arms crossed and shoulders hunched as though wishing to protect herself as much as possible from the indignity of the inspection. After a slight pause in which she seemed to decide that the question was not so offensive that she could reasonably ignore it, she said in a deeply resentful tone, \ldblquote Nearly six\-teen years.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quite a period,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge, making a note on her clipboard. \ldblquote So it was Professor Dumbledore who appointed you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney shortly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge made another note.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you are a great-great-granddaughter of the celebrated Seer Cassandra Trelawney?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, holding her head a little higher.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Another note on the clipboard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I think \emdash  correct me if I am mistaken \emdash  that you are the first in your family since Cassandra to be possessed of second sight?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote These things often skip \emdash  er \emdash  three generations,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge\rquote s toadlike smile widened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  she said sweetly, making yet another note. \ldblquote Well, if you could just predict something for me, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked up inquiringly, still smiling. Professor Trelawney had stiffened as though unable to believe her ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t understand you,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, clutching con\-vulsively at the shawl around her scrawny neck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d like you to make a prediction for me,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge very clearly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron were not the only people watching and listening sneakily from behind their books now; most of the class were staring transfixed at Professor Trelawney as she drew herself up to her full height, her beads and bangles clinking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Inner Eye does not See upon command!\rdblquote  she said in scandal\-ized tones.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge softly, making yet another note on her clipboard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  but \emdash  but\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 \i wait\i0 !\rdblquote\i  \i0 said Professor Trelawney suddenly, in an attempt at her usual ethereal voice, though the mystical effect was ruined somewhat by the way it was shaking with anger. \ldblquote I \'85 I think I \i do\i0  see something \'85 something that concerns \i you. \'85 \i0 Why, I sense something \'85 something dark \'85 some grave peril\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney pointed a shaking finger at Professor Um\-bridge who continued to smile blandly at her, eyebrows raised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am afraid \'85 I am afraid that you are in grave danger!\rdblquote  Professor Trelawney finished dramatically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause. Professor Umbridge\rquote s eyebrows were still raised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  she said softly, scribbling on her clipboard once more. \ldblquote Well, if that\rquote s really the best you can do \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She turned away, leaving Professor Trelawney standing rooted to the spot, her chest heaving. Harry caught Ron\rquote s eye and knew that Ron was thinking exactly the same as he was: They both knew that Professor Trelawney was an old fraud, but on the other hand, they loathed Umbridge so much that they felt very much on Tre\-lawney\rquote s side \emdash  until she swooped down on them a few seconds later, that was.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  she said, snapping her long fingers under Harry\rquote s nose, un\-characteristically brisk. \ldblquote Let me see the start you\rquote ve made on your dream diary, please.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And by the time she had interpreted Harry\rquote s dreams at the top of her voice (all of which, even the ones that involved eating porridge, apparently foretold a gruesome and early death), he was feeling much less sympathetic toward her. All the while, Professor Umbridge stood a few feet away, making notes on that clipboard, and when the bell rang she descended the silver ladder first so that she was waiting for them all when they reached their Defense Against the Dark Arts les\-son ten minutes later.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was humming and smiling to herself when they entered the room. Harry and Ron told Hermione, who had been in Arithmancy, exactly what had happened in Divination while they all took out their copies of \i Defensive Magical Theory,\i0  but before Hermione could ask any questions Professor Umbridge had called them all to order and si\-lence fell.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wands away,\rdblquote  she instructed them all smilingly, and those people who had been hopeful enough to take them out sadly returned them to their bags. \ldblquote As we finished chapter one last lesson, I would like you all to turn to page nineteen today and commence chapter two, \lquote Common De\-fensive Theories and Their Derivation.\rquote  There will be no need to talk.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Still smiling her wide, self-satisfied smile, she sat down at her desk. The class gave an audible sigh as it turned, as one, to page nineteen. Harry wondered dully whether there were enough chapters in the book to keep them reading through all this year\rquote s lessons and was on the point of checking the contents when he noticed that Hermione had her hand in the air again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge had noticed too, and what was more, she seemed to have worked out a strategy for just such an eventuality. In\-stead of trying to pretend she had not noticed Hermione, she got to her feet and walked around the front row of desks until they were face-to-face, then she bent down and whispered, so that the rest of the class could not hear, \ldblquote What is it this time, Miss Granger?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve already read chapter two,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well then, proceed to chapter three.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve read that too. I\rquote ve read the whole book.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge blinked but recovered her poise almost instantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, then, you should be able to tell me what Slinkhard says about counterjinxes in chapter fifteen.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He says that counterjinxes are improperly named,\rdblquote  said Hermione promptly. \ldblquote He says \lquote counterjinx\rquote  is just a name people give their jinxes when they want to make them sound more acceptable.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge raised her eyebrows, and Harry knew she was impressed against her will.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I disagree,\rdblquote  Hermione continued.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge\rquote s eyebrows rose a little higher and her gaze be\-came distinctly colder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You disagree?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I do,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who, unlike Umbridge, was not whis\-pering, but speaking in a clear, carrying voice that had by now attracted the rest of the class\rquote s attention. \ldblquote Mr. Slinkhard doesn\rquote t like jinxes, does he? But I think they can be very useful when they\rquote re used defensively.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, you do, do you?\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge, forgetting to whisper and straightening up. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote m afraid it is Mr. Slinkhard\rquote s opinion, and not yours, that matters within this classroom, Miss Granger.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That is enough,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge. She walked back to the front of the class and stood before them, all the jauntiness she had shown at the beginning of the lesson gone. \ldblquote Miss Granger, I am going to take five points from Gryffindor House.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was an outbreak of muttering at this.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What for?\rdblquote  said Harry angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you get involved!\rdblquote  Hermione whispered urgently to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For disrupting my class with pointless interruptions,\rdblquote  said Profes\-sor Umbridge smoothly. \ldblquote I am here to teach you using a Ministry-approved method that does not include inviting students to give their opinions on matters about which they understand very little. Your pre\-vious teachers in this subject may have allowed you more license, but as none of them \emdash  with the possible exception of Professor Quirrell, who did at least appear to have restricted himself to age-appropriate subjects \emdash  would have passed a Ministry inspection \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, Quirrell was a great teacher,\rdblquote  said Harry loudly, \ldblquote there was just that minor drawback of him having Lord Voldemort sticking out of the back of his head.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This pronouncement was followed by one of the loudest silences Harry had ever heard. Then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think another week\rquote s detentions would do you some good, Mr. Potter,\rdblquote  said Umbridge sleekly.\par
\pard\qc *   *   *\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 The cut on the back of Harry\rquote s hand had barely healed and by the following morning, it was bleeding again. He did not complain dur\-ing the evening\rquote s detention; he was determined not to give Umbridge the satisfaction; over and over again he wrote \i I must not tell lies\i0  and not a sound escaped his lips, though the cut deepened with every letter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The very worst part of this second week\rquote s worth of detentions was, just as George had predicted, Angelina\rquote s reaction. She cornered him just as he arrived at the Gryffindor table for breakfast on Tuesday and shouted so loudly that Professor McGonagall came sweeping down upon the pair of them from the staff table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Miss Johnson, how \i dare\i0  you make such a racket in the Great Hall! Five points from Gryffindor!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Professor \emdash  he\rquote s gone and landed himself in detention \i again\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s this, Potter?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall sharply, rounding on Harry. \ldblquote Detention? From whom?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote From Professor Umbridge,\rdblquote  muttered Harry, not meeting Profes\-sor McGonagall\rquote s beady, square-framed eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you telling me,\rdblquote  she said, lowering her voice so that the group of curious Ravenclaws behind them could not hear, \ldblquote that after the warning I gave you last Monday you lost your temper in Professor Umbridge\rquote s class again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, speaking to the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, you must get a grip on yourself! You are heading for seri\-ous trouble! Another five points from Gryffindor!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash  what? Professor, no!\rdblquote  Harry said, furious at this injustice. \ldblquote I\rquote m already being punished by \i her,\i0  why do you have to take points as well?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because detentions do not appear to have any effect on you whatsoever!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall tartly. \ldblquote No, not another word of complaint, Potter! And as for you, Miss Johnson, you will confine your shouting matches to the Quidditch pitch in future or risk losing the team Captaincy!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She strode back toward the staff table. Angelina gave Harry a look of deepest disgust and stalked away, upon which Harry flung himself onto the bench beside Ron, fuming.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s taken points off Gryffindor because I\rquote m having my hand sliced open every night! How is that fair, \i how\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, mate,\rdblquote  said Ron sympathetically, tipping bacon onto Harry\rquote s plate, \ldblquote she\rquote s bang out of order.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione, however, merely rustled the pages of her \i Daily Prophet \i0 and said nothing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think McGonagall was right, do you?\rdblquote  said Harry angrily to the picture of Cornelius Fudge obscuring Hermione\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wish she hadn\rquote t taken points from you, but I think she\rquote s right to warn you not to lose your temper with Umbridge,\rdblquote  said Hermione\rquote s voice, while Fudge gesticulated forcefully from the front page, clearly giving some kind of speech.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not speak to Hermione all through Charms, but when they entered Transfiguration he forgot his anger; Professor Umbridge and her clipboard were sitting in a corner and the sight of her drove the memory of breakfast right out of his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent,\rdblquote  whispered Ron, as they sat down in their usual seats. \ldblquote Let\rquote s see Umbridge get what she deserves.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall marched into the room without giving the slightest indication that she knew Professor Umbridge was there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That will do,\rdblquote  she said and silence fell immediately. \ldblquote Mr. Finni\-gan, kindly come here and hand back the homework \emdash  Miss Brown, please take this box of mice \emdash  don\rquote t be silly, girl, they won\rquote t hurt you \emdash  and hand one to each student \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hem, hem,\i0\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge, employing the same silly little cough she had used to interrupt Dumbledore on the first night of term. Professor McGonagall ignored her. Seamus handed back Harry\rquote s essay; Harry took it without looking at him and saw, to his relief, that he had managed an A.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right then, everyone, listen closely \emdash  Dean Thomas, if you do that to the mouse again I shall put you in detention \emdash  most of you have now successfully vanished your snails and even those who were left with a certain amount of shell have the gist of the spell. Today we shall be \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hem, hem,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Professor Umbridge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Yes\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, turning round, her eyebrows so close together they seemed to form one long, severe line.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was just wondering, Professor, whether you received my note telling you of the date and time of your inspec \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Obviously I received it, or I would have asked you what you are doing in my classroom,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, turning her back firmly on Professor Umbridge. Many of the students exchanged looks of glee. \ldblquote As I was saying, today we shall be practicing the altogether more difficult vanishment of mice. Now, the Vanishing Spell \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hem, hem.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wonder,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall in cold fury, turning on Professor Umbridge, \ldblquote how you expect to gain an idea of my usual teaching methods if you continue to interrupt me? You see, I do not generally permit people to talk when I am talking.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge looked as though she had just been slapped in the face. She did not speak, but straightened the parchment on her clipboard and began scribbling furiously. Looking supremely uncon\-cerned, Professor McGonagall addressed the class once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As I was saying, the Vanishing Spell becomes more difficult with the complexity of the animal to be vanished. The snail, as an inverte\-brate, does not present much of a challenge; the mouse, as a mammal,\lang3081  \lang1033 offers a much greater one. This is not, therefore, magic you can accom\-plish with your mind on your dinner. So \emdash  you know the incantation, let me see what you can do. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How she can lecture me about not losing my temper with Umbridge!\rdblquote  Harry said to Ron under his voice, but he was grinning; his anger with Professor McGonagall had quite evaporated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge did not follow Professor McGonagall around the class as she had followed Professor Trelawney; perhaps she thought that Professor McGonagall would not permit it. She did, however, take many more notes while she sat in her corner, and when Professor McGonagall finally told them all to pack away, rose with a grim ex\-pression on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s a start,\rdblquote  said Ron, holding up a long, wriggling mouse tail and dropping it back into the box Lavender was passing around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As they filed out of the classroom, Harry saw Professor Umbridge approach the teacher\rquote s desk; he nudged Ron, who nudged Hermione in turn, and the three of them deliberately fell back to eavesdrop.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How long have you been teaching at Hogwarts?\rdblquote  Professor Um\-bridge asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thirty-nine years this December,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall brusquely, snapping her bag shut.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge made a note.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  she said, \ldblquote you will receive the results of your inspection in ten days\rquote  time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can hardly wait,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall in a coldly indiffer\-ent voice, and she strode off toward the door. \ldblquote Hurry up, you three,\rdblquote  she added, sweeping Harry, Ron, and Hermione before her. Harry could not help giving her a faint smile and could have sworn he re\-ceived one in return.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had thought that the next time he would see Umbridge would be in his detention that evening, but he was wrong. When they walked down the lawns toward the forest for Care of Magical Creatures, they\lang3081  \lang1033 found her and her clipboard waiting for them beside Professor Grubbly-Plank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You do not usually take this class, is that correct?\rdblquote  Harry heard her ask as they arrived at the trestle table where the group of captive bowtruckles were scrabbling around for wood lice like so many living twigs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quite correct,\rdblquote  said Professor Grubbly-Plank, hands behind her back and bouncing on the balls of her feet. \ldblquote I am a substitute teacher standing in for Professor Hagrid.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry exchanged uneasy looks with Ron and Hermione. Malfoy was whispering with Crabbe and Goyle; he would surely love this op\-portunity to tell tales on Hagrid to a member of the Ministry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmm,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge, dropping her voice, though Harry could still hear her quite clearly, \ldblquote I wonder \emdash  the headmaster seems strangely reluctant to give me any information on the matter \emdash  can \i you\i0  tell me what is causing Professor Hagrid\rquote s very extended leave of absence?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw Malfoy look up eagerly.\lang3081\par
\ldblquote  \rquote\lang1033 Fraid I can\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Professor Grubbly-Plank breezily. \ldblquote Don\rquote t know anything more about it than you do. Got an owl from Dumble\-dore, would I like a couple of weeks teaching work, accepted \emdash  that\rquote s as much as I know. Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 shall I get started then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, please do,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge, scribbling upon her clipboard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge took a different tack in this class and wandered among the students, questioning them on magical creatures. Most people were able to answer well and Harry\rquote s spirits lifted somewhat; at least the class was not letting Hagrid down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Overall,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge, returning to Professor Grubbly-Plank\rquote s side after a lengthy interrogation of Dean Thomas, \ldblquote how do you, as a temporary member of staff\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  an objective outsider, I suppose\lang3081  \lang1033 you might say \emdash  how do you find Hogwarts? Do you feel you receive enough support from the school management?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, yes, Dumbledore\rquote s excellent,\rdblquote  said Professor Grubbly-Plank heartily. \ldblquote No, I\rquote m very happy with the way things are run, very happy indeed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Looking politely incredulous, Umbridge made a tiny note on her clipboard and went on, \ldblquote And what are you planning to cover with this class this year \emdash  assuming, of course, that Professor Hagrid does not return?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I\rquote ll take them through the creatures that most often come up in O.W.L.,\rdblquote  said Professor Grubbly-Plank. \ldblquote Not much left to do \emdash  they\rquote ve studied unicorns and nifflers, I thought we\rquote d cover porlocks and kneazles, make sure they can recognize crups and knarls, you know. \'85\lang3081\rdblquote\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, \i you \i0 seem to know what you\rquote re doing, at any rate,\rdblquote  said Pro\-fessor Umbridge, making a very obvious tick on her clipboard. Harry did not like the emphasis she put on \ldblquote\i you\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 and\i  \i0 liked it even less when she put her next question to Goyle: \ldblquote Now, I hear there have been in\-juries in this class?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Goyle gave a stupid grin. Malfoy hastened to answer the question.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was me,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I was slashed by a hippogriff.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A hippogriff?\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge, now scribbling frantically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only because he was too stupid to listen to what Hagrid told him to do,\rdblquote  said Harry angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Both Ron and Hermione groaned. Professor Umbridge turned her head slowly in Harry\rquote s direction.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Another night\rquote s detention, I think,\rdblquote  she said softly. \ldblquote Well, thank you very much, Professor Grubbly-Plank, I think that\rquote s all I need here. You will be receiving the results of your inspection within ten days.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Jolly good,\rdblquote  said Professor Grubbly-Plank, and Professor Um\-bridge set off back across the lawn to the castle.\par
\pard\qc *   *   *\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 It was nearly midnight when Harry left Umbridge\rquote s office that night, his hand now bleeding so severely that it was staining the scarf he had wrapped around it. He expected the common room to be empty when he returned, but Ron and Hermione had sat up waiting for him. He was pleased to see them, especially as Hermione was disposed to be sympathetic rather than critical.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  she said anxiously, pushing a small bowl of yellow liquid toward him, \ldblquote soak your hand in that, it\rquote s a solution of strained and pickled murtlap tentacles, it should help.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry placed his bleeding, aching hand into the bowl and experi\-enced a wonderful feeling of relief. Crookshanks curled around his legs, purring loudly, and then leapt into his lap and settled down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  he said gratefully, scratching behind Crookshanks\rquote s ears with his left hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I still reckon you should complain about this,\rdblquote  said Ron in a low voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry flatly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote McGonagall would go nuts if she knew \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, she probably would,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote And how long d\rquote you reckon it\rquote d take Umbridge to pass another Decree saying anyone who complains about the High Inquisitor gets sacked immediately?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron opened his mouth to retort but nothing came out and after a moment he closed it again in a defeated sort of way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s an awful woman,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a small voice. \ldblquote\i Awful.\i0  You know, I was just saying to Ron when you came in \'85 we\rquote ve got to do something about her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suggested poison,\rdblquote  said Ron grimly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85 I mean, something about what a dreadful teacher she is, and how we\rquote re not going to learn any defense from her at all,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, what can we do about that?\rdblquote  said Ron, yawning. \ldblquote  \rquote S too late, isn\rquote t it? She got the job, she\rquote s here to stay, Fudge\rquote ll make sure of that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Hermione tentatively. \ldblquote You know, I was thinking to\-day. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 She shot a slightly nervous look at Harry and then plunged on, \ldblquote I was thinking that \emdash  maybe the time\rquote s come when we should just \emdash  just do it ourselves.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do what ourselves?\rdblquote  said Harry suspiciously, still floating his hand in the essence of murtlap tentacles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  learn Defense Against the Dark Arts ourselves,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come off it,\rdblquote  groaned Ron. \ldblquote You want us to do extra work? D\rquote you realize Harry and I are behind on homework again and it\rquote s only the second week?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But this is much more important than homework!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron goggled at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t think there was anything in the universe more important than homework,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be silly, of course there is!\rdblquote  said Hermione, and Harry saw, with an ominous feeling, that her face was suddenly alight with the kind of fervor that S.P.E.W. usually inspired in her. \ldblquote It\rquote s about prepar\-ing ourselves, like Harry said in Umbridge\rquote s first lesson, for what\rquote s waiting out there. It\rquote s about making sure we really can defend our\-selves. If we don\rquote t learn anything for a whole year \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can\rquote t do much by ourselves,\rdblquote  said Ron in a defeated voice. \ldblquote I mean, all right, we can go and look jinxes up in the library and try and practice them, I suppose \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I agree, we\rquote ve gone past the stage where we can just learn things out of books,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote We need a teacher, a proper one, who can show us how to use the spells and correct us if we\rquote re go\-ing wrong.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you\rquote re talking about Lupin \'85\rdblquote  Harry began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, I\rquote m not talking about Lupin,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote He\rquote s too\lang3081  \lang1033 busy with the Order and anyway, the most we could see him is during Hogsmeade weekends and that\rquote s not nearly often enough.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who, then?\rdblquote  said Harry, frowning at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione heaved a very deep sigh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Isn\rquote t it obvious?\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote I\rquote m talking about \i you\i0 , Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a moment\rquote s silence. A light night breeze rattled the win\-dowpanes behind Ron and the fire guttered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote About me what?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m talking about \i you \i0 teaching us Defense Against the Dark Arts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at her. Then he turned to Ron, ready to exchange the exasperated looks they sometimes shared when Hermione elaborated on far-fetched schemes like S.P.E.W. To Harry\rquote s consternation, how\-ever, Ron did not look exasperated. He was frowning slightly, appar\-ently thinking. Then he said, \ldblquote That\rquote s an idea.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s an idea?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Teaching us to do it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was grinning now, sure the pair of them were pulling his leg.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I\rquote m not a teacher, I can\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you\rquote re the best in the year at Defense Against the Dark Arts,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Me?\rdblquote  said Harry, now grinning more broadly than ever. \ldblquote No I\rquote m not, you\rquote ve beaten me in every test \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Actually, I haven\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Hermione coolly. \ldblquote You beat me in our third year \emdash  the only year we both sat the test and had a teacher who actually knew the subject. But I\rquote m not talking about test results, Harry. Look what you\rquote ve \i done\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what, I\rquote m not sure I want someone this stupid teaching me,\rdblquote  Ron said to Hermione, smirking slightly. He turned to Harry. \ldblquote Let\rquote s think,\rdblquote  he said, pulling a face like Goyle concentrating. \ldblquote Uh \'85 first year \emdash  you saved the Stone from You-Know-Who.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But that was luck,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote that wasn\rquote t skill \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Second year,\rdblquote  Ron interrupted, \ldblquote you killed the basilisk and de\-stroyed Riddle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but if Fawkes hadn\rquote t turned up I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Third year,\rdblquote  said Ron, louder still, \ldblquote you fought off about a hun\-dred dementors at once \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know that was a fluke, if the Time-Turner hadn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Last year,\rdblquote  Ron said, almost shouting now, \ldblquote you fought off You-Know-Who again \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen to me!\rdblquote  said Harry, almost angrily, because Ron and Hermione were both smirking now. \ldblquote Just listen to me, all right? It sounds great when you say it like that, but all that stuff was luck \emdash  I didn\rquote t know what I was doing half the time, I didn\rquote t plan any of it, I just did whatever I could think of, and I nearly always had help \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione were still smirking and Harry felt his temper rise; he wasn\rquote t even sure why he was feeling so angry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t sit there grinning like you know better than I do, I was there, wasn\rquote t I?\rdblquote  he said heatedly. \ldblquote I know what went on, all right? And I didn\rquote t get through any of that because I was brilliant at Defense Against the Dark Arts, I got through it all because \emdash  because help came at the right time, or because I guessed right \emdash  but I just blun\-dered through it all, I didn\rquote t have a clue what I was doing \emdash  STOP LAUGHING!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The bowl of murtlap essence fell to the floor and smashed. He be\-came aware that he was on his feet, though he couldn\rquote t remember standing up. Crookshanks streaked away under a sofa; Ron and Hermione\rquote s smiles had vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You don\rquote t know what it\rquote s like\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033 You \emdash  neither of you \emdash  you\rquote ve never had to face him, have you? You think it\rquote s just memorizing a bunch of spells and throwing them at him, like you\rquote re in class or something? The whole time you know there\rquote s nothing between you and dying ex\-cept your own \emdash  your own brain or guts or whatever \emdash  like you can\lang3081  \lang1033 think straight when you know you\rquote re about a second from being mur\-dered, or tortured, or watching your friends die \emdash  they\rquote ve never taught us that in their classes, what it\rquote s like to deal with things like that \emdash  and you two sit there acting like I\rquote m a clever little boy to be standing here, alive, like Diggory was stupid, like he messed up \emdash  you just don\rquote t get it, that could just as easily have been me, it would have been if Voldemort hadn\rquote t needed me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We weren\rquote t saying anything like that, mate,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking aghast. \ldblquote We weren\rquote t having a go at Diggory, we didn\rquote t \emdash  you\rquote ve got the wrong end of the \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked helplessly at Hermione, whose face was stricken.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  she said timidly, \ldblquote don\rquote t you see? This \'85 this is exactly why we need you. \'85 We need to know what it\rquote s r-really like \'85 fac\-ing him \'85 facing \lang3081 V-\lang1033 Voldemort.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was the first time she had ever said Voldemort\rquote s name, and it was this, more than anything else, that calmed Harry. Still breathing hard, he sank back into his chair, becoming aware as he did so that his hand was throbbing horribly again. He wished he had not smashed the bowl of murtlap essence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 think about it,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly. \ldblquote Please?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not think of anything to say. He was feeling ashamed of his outburst already. He nodded, hardly aware of what he was agreeing to.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione stood up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m off to bed,\rdblquote  she said in a voice that was clearly as natural as she could make it. \ldblquote Erm \'85 \rquote night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had gotten to his feet too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Coming?\rdblquote  he said awkwardly to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote In \'85 in a minute. I\rquote ll just clear this up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He indicated the smashed bowl on the floor. Ron nodded and left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Reparo,\i0\rdblquote  Harry muttered, pointing his wand at the broken pieces\lang3081  \lang1033 of china. They flew back together, good as new, but there was no re\-turning the murtlap essence to the bowl.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was suddenly so tired that he was tempted to sink back into his armchair and sleep there, but instead he got to his feet and followed Ron upstairs. His restless night was punctuated once more by dreams of long corridors and locked doors, and he awoke next day with his scar prickling again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 16\par
\pard\qc In the Hog\rquote s Head\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Hermione made no mention of Harry giving Defense Against\lang3081  \lang1033 the Dark Arts lessons for two whole weeks after her original\lang3081  \lang1033 suggestion. Harry\rquote s detentions with Umbridge were finally over (he doubted whether the words now etched on the back of his hand would ever fade entirely); Ron had had four more Quidditch practices and not been shouted at during the last two; and all three of them had managed to vanish their mice in Transfiguration (Hermione had actu\-ally progressed to vanishing kittens), before the subject was broached again, on a wild, blustery evening at the end of September, when the three of them were sitting in the library, looking up potion ingredients for Snape.\par
\ldblquote I was wondering,\rdblquote  Hermione said suddenly, \ldblquote whether you\rquote d thought any more about Defense Against the Dark Arts, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course I have,\rdblquote  said Harry grumpily. \ldblquote Can\rquote t forget it, can we, with that hag teaching us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I meant the idea Ron and I had\rdblquote  \emdash  Ron cast her an alarmed, threatening kind of look; she frowned at him \emdash  \ldblquote oh, all right, the idea \i I\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 had, then \emdash  about you teaching us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer at once. He pretended to be perusing a page of \i Asiatic Anti-Venoms,\i0  because he did not want to say what was in his mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The fact was that he had given the matter a great deal of thought over the past fortnight. Sometimes it seemed an insane idea, just as it had on the night Hermione had proposed it, but at others, he had found himself thinking about the spells that had served him best in his various encounters with Dark creatures and Death Eaters \emdash  found himself, in fact, subconsciously planning lessons. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  he said slowly, when he could not pretend to find Asiatic anti-venoms interesting much longer, \ldblquote yeah, I \emdash  I\rquote ve thought about it a bit.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And?\rdblquote  said Hermione eagerly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry, playing for time. He looked up at Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought it was a good idea from the start,\rdblquote  said Ron, who seemed keener to join in this conversation now that he was sure that Harry was not going to start shouting again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shifted uncomfortably in his chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You did listen to what I said about a load of it being luck, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione gently, \ldblquote but all the same, there\rquote s no point pretending that you\rquote re not good at Defense Against the Dark Arts, because you are. You were the only person last year who could throw off the Imperius Curse completely, you can produce a Patronus, you can do all sorts of stuff that full-grown wizards can\rquote t, Viktor al\-ways said \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked around at her so fast he appeared to crick his neck; rub\-bing it, he said, \ldblquote Yeah? What did Vicky say?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ho ho,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a bored voice. \ldblquote He said Harry knew how to do stuff even he didn\rquote t, and he was in the final year at Durmstrang.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was looking at Hermione suspiciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not still in contact with him, are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what if I am?\rdblquote  said Hermione coolly, though her face was a lit\-tle pink. \ldblquote I can have a pen pal if I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He didn\rquote t only want to be your pen pal,\rdblquote  said Ron accusingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione shook her head exasperatedly and, ignoring Ron, who was continuing to watch her, said to Harry, \ldblquote Well, what do you think? Will you teach us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just you and Ron, yeah?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Hermione, now looking a mite anxious again. \ldblquote Well \'85 now, don\rquote t fly off the handle again, Harry, please. \'85 But I really think you ought to teach anyone who wants to learn. I mean, we\rquote re talking about defending ourselves against V-Voldemort \emdash  oh, don\rquote t be pathetic, Ron \emdash  it doesn\rquote t seem fair if we don\rquote t offer the chance to other people.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry considered this for a moment, then said, \ldblquote Yeah, but I doubt anyone except you two would want to be taught by me. I\rquote m a nutter, remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I think you might be surprised how many people would be interested in hearing what you\rquote ve got to say,\rdblquote  said Hermione seriously. \ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  she leaned toward him; Ron, who was still watching her with a frown on his face, leaned forward to listen too, \ldblquote you know the first weekend in October\rquote s a Hogsmeade weekend? How would it be if we tell anyone who\rquote s interested to meet us in the village and we can talk it over?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why do we have to do it outside school?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because,\rdblquote  said Hermione, returning to the diagram of the Chinese Chomping Cabbage she was copying, \ldblquote I don\rquote t think Umbridge would be very happy if she found out what we were up to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry had been looking forward to the weekend trip into Hogs\-meade, but there was one thing worrying him. Sirius had maintained a stony silence since he had appeared in the fire at the beginning of\lang3081  \lang1033 September; Harry knew they had made him angry by saying that they did not want him to come \emdash  but he still worried from time to time that Sirius might throw caution to the winds and turn up anyway. What were they going to do if the great black dog came bounding up the street toward them in Hogsmeade, perhaps under the nose of Draco Malfoy?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you can\rquote t blame him for wanting to get out and about,\rdblquote  said Ron, when Harry discussed his fears with him and Hermione. \ldblquote I mean, he\rquote s been on the run for over two years, hasn\rquote t he, and I know that can\rquote t have been a laugh, but at least he was free, wasn\rquote t he? And now he\rquote s just shut up all the time with that lunatic elf.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione scowled at Ron, but otherwise ignored the slight on Kreacher.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The trouble is,\rdblquote  she said to Harry, \ldblquote until V-Voldemort \emdash  oh for heaven\rquote s \i sake,\i0  Ron \emdash  comes out into the open, Sirius is going to have to stay hidden, isn\rquote t he? I mean, the stupid Ministry isn\rquote t going to re\-alize Sirius is innocent until they accept that Dumbledore\rquote s been telling the truth about him all along. And once the fools start catch\-ing real Death Eaters again it\rquote ll be obvious Sirius isn\rquote t one \'85 I mean, he hasn\rquote t got the Mark, for one thing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t reckon he\rquote d be stupid enough to turn up,\rdblquote  said Ron brac\-ingly. \ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote d go mad if he did and Sirius listens to Dumble\-dore even if he doesn\rquote t like what he hears.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Harry continued to look worried, Hermione said, \ldblquote Listen, Ron and I have been sounding out people who we thought might want to learn some proper Defense Against the Dark Arts, and there are a couple who seem interested. We\rquote ve told them to meet us in Hogsmeade.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry vaguely, his mind still on Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry, Harry,\rdblquote  Hermione said quietly. \ldblquote You\rquote ve got enough on your plate without Sirius too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was quite right, of course; he was barely keeping up with his\lang3081  \lang1033 homework, though he was doing much better now that he was no longer spending every evening in detention with Umbridge. Ron was even further behind with his work than Harry, because while they both had Quidditch practices twice a week, Ron also had prefect du\-ties. However, Hermione, who was taking more subjects than either of them, had not only finished all her homework but was also finding time to knit more elf clothes. Harry had to admit that she was getting better; it was now almost always possible to distinguish between the hats and the socks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The morning of the Hogsmeade visit dawned bright but windy. Af\-ter breakfast they queued up in front of Filch, who matched their names to the long list of students who had permission from their par\-ents or guardian to visit the village. With a slight pang, Harry re\-membered that if it hadn\rquote t been for Sirius, he would not have been going at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Harry reached Filch, the caretaker gave a great sniff as though trying to detect a whiff of something from Harry. Then he gave a curt nod that set his jowls aquiver again and Harry walked on, out onto the stone steps and the cold, sunlit day.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  why was Filch sniffing you?\rdblquote  asked Ron, as he, Harry, and Hermione set off at a brisk pace down the wide drive to the gates.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose he was checking for the smell of Dungbombs,\rdblquote  said Harry with a small laugh. \ldblquote I forgot to tell you \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he recounted the story of sending his letter to Sirius and Filch bursting in seconds later, demanding to see the letter. To his slight sur\-prise, Hermione found this story highly interesting, much more, in\-deed, than he did himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He said he was tipped off you were ordering Dungbombs? But who had tipped him off?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry, shrugging. \ldblquote Maybe Malfoy, he\rquote d think it was a laugh.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They walked between the tall stone pillars topped with winged\lang3081  \lang1033 boars and turned left onto the road into the village, the wind whip\-ping their hair into their eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy?\rdblquote  said Hermione, very skeptically. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 yes \'85 maybe \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she remained deep in thought all the way into the outskirts of Hogsmeade.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are we going anyway?\rdblquote  Harry asked. \ldblquote The Three Broom\-sticks?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  no,\rdblquote  said Hermione, coming out of her reverie, \ldblquote no, it\rquote s al\-ways packed and really noisy. I\rquote ve told the others to meet us in the Hog\rquote s Head, that other pub, you know the one, it\rquote s not on the main road. I think it\rquote s a bit\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 you know \'85 \i dodgy\i0  \'85 but students don\rquote t normally go in there, so I don\rquote t think we\rquote ll be overheard.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They walked down the main street past Zonko\rquote s Joke Shop, where they were unsurprised to see Fred, George, and Lee Jordan, past the post office, from which owls issued at regular intervals, and turned up a side street at the top of which stood a small inn. A battered wooden sign hung from a rusty bracket over the door, with a picture upon it of a wild boar\rquote s severed head leaking blood onto the white cloth around it. The sign creaked in the wind as they approached. All three of them hesitated outside the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, come on,\rdblquote  said Hermione slightly nervously. Harry led the way inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was not at all like the Three Broomsticks, whose large bar gave an impression of gleaming warmth and cleanliness. The Hog\rquote s Head bar comprised one small, dingy, and very dirty room that smelled strongly of something that might have been goats. The bay windows were so encrusted with grime that very little daylight could permeate the room, which was lit instead with the stubs of candles sitting on rough wooden tables. The floor seemed at first glance to be earthy, though as Harry stepped onto it he realized that there was stone beneath what seemed to be the accumulated filth of centuries.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry remembered Hagrid mentioning this pub in his first year: \ldblquote\i Yeh get a lot o\rquote  funny folk in the Hog\rquote s Head,\i0\rdblquote  he had said, explaining how he had won a dragons egg from a hooded stranger there. At the time Harry had wondered why Hagrid had not found it odd that the stranger kept his face hidden throughout their encounter; now he saw that keeping your face hidden was something of a fashion in the Hog\rquote s Head. There was a man at the bar whose whole head was wrapped in dirty gray bandages, though he was still managing to gulp endless glasses of some smoking, fiery substance through a slit over his mouth. Two figures shrouded in hoods sat at a table in one of the windows; Harry might have thought them dementors if they had not been talk\-ing in strong Yorkshire accents; in a shadowy corner beside the fireplace sat a witch with a thick, black veil that fell to her toes. They could just see the tip of her nose because it caused the veil to protrude slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know about this, Hermione,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, as they crossed to the bar. He was looking particularly at the heavily veiled witch. \ldblquote Has it occurred to you Umbridge might be under that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione cast an appraising eye at the veiled figure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Umbridge is shorter than that woman,\rdblquote  she said quietly. \ldblquote And anyway, even if Umbridge \i does\i0  come in here there\rquote s nothing she can do to stop us, Harry, because I\rquote ve double- and triple-checked the school rules. We\rquote re not out-of-bounds; I specifically asked Professor Flitwick whether students were allowed to come in the Hog\rquote s Head, and he said yes, but he advised me strongly to bring our own glasses. And I\rquote ve looked up everything I can think of about study groups and homework groups and they\rquote re definitely allowed. I just don\rquote t think it\rquote s a good idea if\lang3081  \lang1033 we\lang3081  \lang1033\i parade\i0  what we\rquote re doing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry dryly, \ldblquote especially as it\rquote s not exactly a homework group you\rquote re planning, is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The barman sidled toward them out of a back room. He was a grumpy-looking old man with a great deal of long gray hair and beard. He was tall and thin and looked vaguely familiar to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  he grunted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Three butterbeers, please,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The man reached beneath the counter and pulled up three very dusty, very dirty bottles, which he slammed on the bar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Six Sickles,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll get them,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, passing over the silver. The bar\-man\rquote s eyes traveled over Harry, resting for a fraction of a second on his scar. Then he turned away and deposited Harry\rquote s money in an ancient wooden till whose drawer slid open automatically to receive it. Harry, Ron, and Hermione retreated to the farthest table from the bar and sat down, looking around, while the man in the dirty gray bandages rapped the counter with his knuckles and received another smoking drink from the barman.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what?\rdblquote  Ron murmured, looking over at the bar with enthusiasm. \ldblquote We could order anything we liked in here, I bet that bloke would sell us anything, he wouldn\rquote t care. I\rquote ve always wanted to try firewhisky \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  are \emdash  a \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033\i prefect,\i0\rdblquote  snarled Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Ron, the smile fading from his face. \ldblquote Yeah \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So who did you say is supposed to be meeting us?\rdblquote  Harry asked, wrenching open the rusty top of his butterbeer and taking a swig.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just a couple of people,\rdblquote  Hermione repeated, checking her watch and then looking anxiously toward the door. \ldblquote I told them to be here about now and I\rquote m sure they all know where it is \emdash  oh look, this might be them now \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door of the pub had opened. A thick band of dusty sunlight split the room in two for a moment and then vanished, blocked by the incoming rush of a crowd of people.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 First came Neville with Dean and Lavender, who were closely fol\-lowed by Parvati and Padma Patil with (Harry\rquote s stomach did a back flip) Cho and one of her usually giggling girlfriends, then (on her own and looking so dreamy that she might have walked in by accident)\lang3081  \lang1033 Luna Lovegood; then Katie Bell, Alicia Spinnet, and Angelina John\-son, Colin and Dennis Creevey, Ernie Macmillan, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Hannah Abbott, and a Hufflepuff girl with a long plait down her back whose name Harry did not know; three Ravenclaw boys he was pretty sure were called Anthony Goldstein, Michael Cor\-ner, and Terry Boot; Ginny, followed by a tall skinny blond boy with an upturned nose whom Harry recognized vaguely as being a member of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, and bringing up the rear, Fred and George Weasley with their friend Lee Jordan, all three of whom were carrying large paper bags crammed with Zonko\rquote s merchandise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A couple of people?\rdblquote  said Harry hoarsely to Hermione. \ldblquote A \i couple of people\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, well, the idea seemed quite popular,\rdblquote  said Hermione happily. \ldblquote Ron, do you want to pull up some more chairs?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The barman had frozen in the act of wiping out a glass with a rag so filthy it looked as though it had never been washed. Possibly he had never seen his pub so full.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Fred, reaching the bar first and counting his companions quickly. \ldblquote Could we have \'85 twenty-five butterbeers, please?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The barman glared at him for a moment, then, throwing down his rag irritably as though he had been interrupted in something very important, he started passing up dusty butterbeers from under the bar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cheers,\rdblquote  said Fred, handing them out. \ldblquote Cough up, everyone, I haven\rquote t got enough gold for all of these. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry watched numbly as the large chattering group took their beers from Fred and rummaged in their robes to find coins. He could not imagine what all these people had turned up for until the horrible thought occurred to him that they might be expecting some kind of speech, at which he rounded on Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What have you been telling people?\rdblquote  he said in a low voice. \ldblquote What are they expecting?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve told you, they just want to hear what you\rquote ve got to say,\rdblquote  said Hermione soothingly; but Harry continued to look at her so furiously that she added quickly, \ldblquote You don\rquote t have to do anything yet, I\rquote ll speak to them first.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Harry,\rdblquote  said Neville, beaming and taking a seat opposite Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tried to smile back, but did not speak; his mouth was excep\-tionally dry. Cho had just smiled at him and sat down on Ron\rquote s right. Her friend, who had curly reddish-blonde hair, did not smile, but gave Harry a thoroughly mistrustful look that told Harry plainly that, given her way, she would not be here at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In twos and threes the new arrivals settled around Harry, Ron, and Hermione, some looking rather excited, others curious, Luna Love\-good gazing dreamily into space. When everybody had pulled up a chair, the chatter died out. Every eye was upon Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Hermione, her voice slightly higher than usual out of nerves. \ldblquote Well \emdash  er \emdash  hi.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The group focused its attention on her instead, though eyes con\-tinued to dart back regularly to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 erm \'85 well, you know why you\rquote re here. Erm \'85 well, Harry here had the idea \emdash  I mean\rdblquote  \emdash  Harry had thrown her a sharp look \emdash  \ldblquote I had the idea \emdash  that it might be good if people who wanted to study Defense Against the Dark Arts \emdash  and I mean, really study it, you know, not the rubbish that Umbridge is doing with us\rdblquote  \emdash  (Hermione\rquote s voice became suddenly much stronger and more confident) \emdash  \ldblquote because nobody could call that Defense Against the Dark Arts\rdblquote  \emdash  \ldblquote Hear, hear,\rdblquote  said Anthony Goldstein, and Hermione looked heartened \emdash  \ldblquote well, I thought it would be good if we, well, took matters into our own hands.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She paused, looked sideways at Harry, and went on, \ldblquote And by that I mean learning how to defend ourselves properly, not just theory but the real spells \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You want to pass your Defense Against the Dark Arts O.W.L. too though, I bet?\rdblquote  said Michael Corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I do,\rdblquote  said Hermione at once. \ldblquote But I want more than that, I want to be properly trained in Defense because \'85 because\lang3081  \'85\rdblquote  \lang1033 She took a great breath and finished, \ldblquote Because Lord Voldemort\rquote s back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The reaction was immediate and predictable. Cho\rquote s friend shrieked and slopped butterbeer down herself, Terry Boot gave a kind of invol\-untary twitch, Padma Patil shuddered, and Neville gave an odd yelp that he managed to turn into a cough. All of them, however, looked fixedly, even eagerly, at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 that\rquote s the plan anyway,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote If you want to join us, we need to decide how we\rquote re going to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s the proof You-Know-Who\rquote s back?\rdblquote  said the blond Huffle\-puff player in a rather aggressive voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Dumbledore believes it \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mean, Dumbledore believes \i him,\i0\rdblquote  said the blond boy, nod\-ding at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who are\lang3081  \i y\lang1033 ou\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Ron rather rudely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Zacharias Smith,\rdblquote  said the boy, \ldblquote and I think we\rquote ve got the right to know exactly what makes \i him\i0  say You-Know-Who\rquote s back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  said Hermione, intervening swiftly, \ldblquote that\rquote s really not what this meeting was supposed to be about \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s okay, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It had just dawned upon him why there were so many people there. He felt that Hermione should have seen this coming. Some of these people \emdash  maybe even most of them \emdash  had turned up in the hope of hearing Harry\rquote s story firsthand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What makes me say You-Know-Who\rquote s back?\rdblquote  he asked, looking Zacharias straight in the face. \ldblquote I saw him. But Dumbledore told the whole school what happened last year, and if you didn\rquote t believe him,\lang3081  \lang1033 you don\rquote t believe me, and I\rquote m not wasting an afternoon trying to con\-vince anyone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The whole group seemed to have held its breath while Harry spoke. Harry had the impression that even the barman was listening in. He was wiping the same glass with the filthy rag; it was becoming steadily dirtier.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Zacharias said dismissively, \ldblquote All Dumbledore told us last year was that Cedric Diggory got killed by You-Know-Who and that you brought Diggory\rquote s body back to Hogwarts. He didn\rquote t give us details, he didn\rquote t tell us exactly how Diggory got murdered, I think we\rquote d all like to know \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you\rquote ve come to hear exactly what it looks like when Voldemort murders someone I can\rquote t help you,\rdblquote  Harry said. His temper, always so close to the surface these days, was rising again. He did not take his eyes from Zacharias Smith\rquote s aggressive face, determined not to look at Cho. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want to talk about Cedric Diggory, all right? So if that\rquote s what you\rquote re here for, you might as well clear out.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He cast an angry look in Hermione\rquote s direction. This was, he felt, all her fault; she had decided to display him like some sort of freak and of course they had all turned up to see just how wild his story was. \'85 But none of them left their seats, not even Zacharias Smith, though he continued to gaze intently at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Hermione, her voice very high-pitched again. \ldblquote So \'85 like I was saying \'85 if you want to learn some defense, then we need to work out how we\rquote re going to do it, how often we\rquote re going to meet, and where we\rquote re going to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it true,\rdblquote  interrupted the girl with the long plait down her back, looking at Harry, \ldblquote that you can produce a Patronus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a murmur of interest around the group at this.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry slightly defensively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A corporeal Patronus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The phrase stirred something in Harry\rquote s memory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  you don\rquote t know Madam Bones, do you?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The girl smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s my auntie,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote I\rquote m Susan Bones. She told me about your hearing. So \emdash  is it really true? You make a stag Patronus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, Harry!\rdblquote  said Lee, looking deeply impressed. \ldblquote I never knew that!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum told Ron not to spread it around,\rdblquote  said Fred, grinning at Harry. \ldblquote She said you got enough attention as it was.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s not wrong,\rdblquote  mumbled Harry and a couple of people laughed. The veiled witch sitting alone shifted very slightly in her seat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And did you kill a basilisk with that sword in Dumbledore\rquote s of\-fice?\rdblquote  demanded Terry Boot. \ldblquote That\rquote s what one of the portraits on the wall told me when I was in there last year. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  yeah, I did, yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Justin Finch-Fletchley whistled, the Creevey brothers exchanged awestruck looks, and Lavender Brown said \ldblquote wow\rdblquote  softly. Harry was feeling slightly hot around the collar now; he was determinedly look\-ing anywhere but at Cho.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And in our first year,\rdblquote  said Neville to the group at large, \ldblquote he saved that Sorcerous Stone \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorcerer\rquote s,\rdblquote  hissed Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, that, from You-Know-Who,\rdblquote  finished Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hannah Abbott\rquote s eyes were as round as Galleons.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And that\rquote s not to mention,\rdblquote  said Cho (Harry\rquote s eyes snapped onto her, she was looking at him, smiling; his stomach did another somer\-sault), \ldblquote all the tasks he had to get through in the Triwizard Tournament last year \emdash  getting past dragons and merpeople and acromantulas and things. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a murmur of impressed agreement around the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s insides were squirming. He was trying to arrange his face so that he did not look too pleased with himself. The fact that Cho had just praised him made it much, much harder for him to say the thing he had sworn to himself he would tell them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  he said and everyone fell silent at once, \ldblquote I \'85 I don\rquote t want to sound like I\rquote m trying to be modest or anything, but\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I had a lot of help with all that stuff. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not with the dragon, you didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Michael Corner at once. \ldblquote That was a seriously cool bit of flying. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry, feeling it would be churlish to disagree.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And nobody helped you get rid of those dementors this summer,\rdblquote  said Susan Bones.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote no, okay, I know I did bits of it without help, but the point I\rquote m trying to make is \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you trying to weasel out of showing us any of this stuff?\rdblquote  said Zacharias Smith.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here\rquote s an idea,\rdblquote  said Ron loudly, before Harry could speak, \ldblquote why don\rquote t you shut your mouth?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Perhaps the word \ldblquote weasel\rdblquote  had affected Ron particularly strongly; in any case, he was now looking at Zacharias as though he would like nothing better than to thump him. Zacharias flushed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we\rquote ve all turned up to learn from him, and now he\rquote s telling us he can\rquote t really do any of it,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s not what he said,\rdblquote  snarled Fred Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Would you like us to clean out your ears for you?\rdblquote  inquired George, pulling a long and lethal-looking metal instrument from in\-side one of the Zonko\rquote s bags.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or any part of your body, really, we\rquote re not fussy where we stick this,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, well,\rdblquote  said Hermione hastily, \ldblquote moving on \'85 the point is, are we agreed we want to take lessons from Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a murmur of general agreement. Zacharias folded his arms and said nothing, though perhaps this was because he was too busy keeping an eye on the instrument in George\rquote s hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking relieved that something had at last been settled. \ldblquote Well, then, the next question is how often we do it. I really don\rquote t think there\rquote s any point in meeting less than once a week \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on,\rdblquote  said Angelina, \ldblquote we need to make sure this doesn\rquote t clash with our Quidditch practice.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Cho, \ldblquote nor with ours.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nor ours,\rdblquote  added Zacharias Smith.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sure we can find a night that suits everyone,\rdblquote  said Hermione, slightly impatiently, \ldblquote but you know, this is rather important, we\rquote re talking about learning to defend ourselves against V-Voldemort\rquote s Death Eaters \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well said!\rdblquote  barked Ernie Macmillan, whom Harry had been ex\-pecting to speak long before this. \ldblquote Personally I think this is really im\-portant, possibly more important than anything else we\rquote ll do this year, even with our O.W.L.s coming up!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around impressively, as though waiting for people to cry, \ldblquote Surely not!\rdblquote  When nobody spoke, he went on, \ldblquote I, personally, am at a loss to see why the Ministry has foisted such a useless teacher upon us at this critical period. Obviously they are in denial about the return of You-Know-Who, but to give us a teacher who is trying to actively pre\-vent us from using defensive spells \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We think the reason Umbridge doesn\rquote t want us trained in Defense Against the Dark Arts,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote is that she\rquote s got some \'85 some mad idea that Dumbledore could use the students in the school as a kind of private army. She thinks he\rquote d mobilize us against the Ministry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nearly everybody looked stunned at this news; everybody except\lang3081  \lang1033 Luna Lovegood, who piped up, \ldblquote Well, that makes sense. After all, Cornelius Fudge has got his own private army.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry, completely thrown by this unexpected piece of information.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, he\rquote s got an army of heliopaths,\rdblquote  said Luna solemnly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, he hasn\rquote t,\rdblquote  snapped Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, he has,\rdblquote  said Luna.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are heliopaths?\rdblquote  asked Neville, looking blank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re spirits of fire,\rdblquote  said Luna, her protuberant eyes widening so that she looked madder than ever. \ldblquote Great tall flaming creatures that gallop across the ground burning everything in front of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They don\rquote t exist, Neville,\rdblquote  said Hermione tartly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes they do!\rdblquote  said Luna angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, but where\rquote s the \i proof\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 of that?\rdblquote  snapped Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are plenty of eyewitness accounts, just because you\rquote re so narrow-minded you need to have everything shoved under your nose before you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hem, hem,\i0\rdblquote  said Ginny in such a good imitation of Professor Um\-bridge that several people looked around in alarm and then laughed. \ldblquote Weren\rquote t we trying to decide how often we\rquote re going to meet and get Defense lessons?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione at once, \ldblquote yes, we were, you\rquote re right. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, once a week sounds cool,\rdblquote  said Lee Jordan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As long as \emdash\rdblquote  began Angelina.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, yes, we know about the Quidditch,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a tense voice. \ldblquote Well, the other thing to decide is where we\rquote re going to meet. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This was rather more difficult; the whole group fell silent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Library?\rdblquote  suggested Katie Bell after a few moments.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t see Madam Pince being too chuffed with us doing jinxes in the library,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe an unused classroom?\rdblquote  said Dean.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote McGonagall might let us have hers, she did when Harry was practicing for the Triwizard. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry was pretty certain that McGonagall would not be so ac\-commodating this time. For all that Hermione had said about study and homework groups being allowed, he had the distinct feeling this one might be considered a lot more rebellious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right, well, we\rquote ll try to find somewhere,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote We\rquote ll send a message round to everybody when we\rquote ve got a time and a place for the first meeting.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She rummaged in her bag and produced parchment and a quill, then hesitated, rather as though she was steeling herself to say something.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I-I think everybody should write their name down, just so we know who was here. But I also think,\rdblquote  she took a deep breath, \ldblquote that we all ought to agree not to shout about what we\rquote re doing. So if you sign, you\rquote re agreeing not to tell Umbridge \emdash  or anybody else \emdash  what we\rquote re up to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred reached out for the parchment and cheerfully put down his signature, but Harry noticed at once that several people looked less than happy at the prospect of putting their names on the list.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85\rdblquote  said Zacharias slowly, not taking the parchment that George was trying to pass him. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I\rquote m sure Ernie will tell me when the meeting is.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ernie was looking rather hesitant about signing too. Hermione raised her eyebrows at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  well, we are \i prefects,\i0\rdblquote  Ernie burst out. \ldblquote And if this list was found \'85 well, I mean to say \'85 you said yourself, if Umbridge finds out\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You just said this group was the most important thing you\rquote d do this year,\rdblquote  Harry reminded him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  yes,\rdblquote  said Ernie, \ldblquote yes, I do believe that, it\rquote s just\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ernie, do you really think I\rquote d leave that list lying around?\rdblquote  said Hermione testily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No. No, of course not,\rdblquote  said Ernie, looking slightly less anxious. \ldblquote I \emdash  yes, of course I\rquote ll sign.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody raised objections after Ernie, though Harry saw Cho\rquote s friend give her a rather reproachful look before adding her name. When the last person \emdash  Zacharias \emdash  had signed, Hermione took the parchment back and slipped it carefully into her bag. There was an odd feeling in the group now. It was as though they had just signed some kind of contract.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, time\rquote s ticking on,\rdblquote  said Fred briskly, getting to his feet. \ldblquote George, Lee, and I have got items of a sensitive nature to purchase, we\rquote ll be seeing you all later.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In twos and threes the rest of the group took their leave too. Cho made rather a business of fastening the catch on her bag before leav\-ing, her long dark curtain of hair swinging forward to hide her face, but her friend stood beside her, arms folded, clicking her tongue, so that Cho had little choice but to leave with her. As her friend ushered her through the door, Cho looked back and waved at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I think that went quite well,\rdblquote  said Hermione happily, as she, Harry, and Ron walked out of the Hog\rquote s Head into the bright sunlight a few moments later, Harry and Ron still clutching their bottles of butterbeer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That Zacharias bloke\rquote s a wart,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was glowering after the figure of Smith just discernible in the distance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t like him much either,\rdblquote  admitted Hermione, \ldblquote but he over\-heard me talking to Ernie and Hannah at the Hufflepuff table and he seemed really interested in coming, so what could I say? But the more people the better really \emdash  I mean, Michael Corner and his friends wouldn\rquote t have come if he hadn\rquote t been going out with Ginny \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron, who had been draining the last few drops from his butterbeer bottle, gagged and sprayed butterbeer down his front.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s WHAT?\rdblquote  said Ron, outraged, his ears now resembling curls of raw beef. \ldblquote She\rquote s going out with \emdash  my sister\rquote s going \emdash  what d\rquote you mean, Michael Corner?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s why he and his friends came, I think \emdash  well, they\rquote re obviously interested in learning defense, but if Ginny hadn\rquote t told Michael what was going on \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When did this \emdash  when did she \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They met at the Yule Ball and they got together at the end of last year,\rdblquote  said Hermione composedly. They had turned into the High Street and she paused outside Scrivenshaft\rquote s Quill Shop, where there was a handsome display of pheasant-feather quills in the window. \ldblquote Hmm \'85 I could do with a new quill.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She turned into the shop. Harry and Ron followed her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which one was Michael Corner?\rdblquote  Ron demanded furiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The dark one,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t like him,\rdblquote  said Ron at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Big surprise,\rdblquote  said Hermione under her breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But,\rdblquote  said Ron, following Hermione along a row of quills in cop\-per pots, \ldblquote I thought Ginny fancied Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked at him rather pityingly and shook her head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny \i used\i0  to fancy Harry, but she gave up on him months ago. Not that she doesn\rquote t \i like\i0  you, of course,\rdblquote  she added kindly to Harry while she examined a long black-and-gold quill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, whose head was still full of Cho\rquote s parting wave, did not find this subject quite as interesting as Ron, who was positively quivering with indignation, but it did bring something home to him that until now he had not really registered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that\rquote s why she talks now?\rdblquote  he asked Hermione. \ldblquote She never used to talk in front of me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Exactly,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Yes, I think I\rquote ll have this one. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She went up to the counter and handed over fifteen Sickles and two Knuts, Ron still breathing down her neck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron,\rdblquote  she said severely as she turned and trod on his feet, \ldblquote this is exactly why Ginny hasn\rquote t told you she\rquote s seeing Michael, she knew you\rquote d take it badly. So don\rquote t harp on about it, for heaven\rquote s sake.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, who\rquote s taking anything badly? I\rquote m not going to \i harp on\i0  about anything \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron continued to chunter under his breath all the way down the street. Hermione rolled her eyes at Harry and then said in an under\-tone, while Ron was muttering imprecations about Michael Corner, \ldblquote And talking about Michael and Ginny\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 what about Cho and you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was as though boiling water was rising rapidly inside him; a burning sensation that was causing his face to smart in the cold \emdash  had he been that obvious?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Hermione, smiling slightly, \ldblquote she just couldn\rquote t keep her \i eyes\i0  off you, could she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had never before appreciated just how beautiful the village of Hogsmeade was.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 17\par
\pard\qc Educational Decree Number Twenty-four\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry felt happier for the rest of the weekend than he had done all term. He and Ron spent much of Sunday catching up with all their homework again, and although this could hardly be called fun, the last burst of autumn sunshine persisted, so rather than sitting hunched over tables in the common room, they took their work outside and lounged in the shade of a large beech tree on the edge of the lake. Hermione, who of course was up to date with all her work, brought more wool outside with her and bewitched her knitting nee\-dles so that they flashed and clicked in midair beside her, producing more hats and scarves.\par
The knowledge that they were doing something to resist Umbridge and the Ministry, and that he was a key part of the rebellion, gave Harry a feeling of immense satisfaction. He kept reliving Saturday\rquote s meeting in his mind: all those people, coming to him to learn Defense Against the Dark Arts \'85 and the looks on their faces as they had heard some of the things he had done \'85 and Cho praising his per\-formance in the Triwizard Tournament. \'85 The knowledge that all\lang3081  \lang1033 those people did not think him a lying weirdo, but someone to be ad\-mired, buoyed him up so much that he was still cheerful on Monday morning, despite the imminent prospect of all his least favorite classes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and Ron headed downstairs from their dormitory together, dis\-cussing Angelina\rquote s idea that they were to work on a new move called the Sloth Grip Roll during that night\rquote s Quidditch practice, and not until they were halfway across the sunlit common room did they no\-tice the addition to the room that had already attracted the attention of a small group of people.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A large sign had been affixed to the Gryffindor notice board, so large that it covered everything else on there \emdash  the lists of second\-hand spellbooks for sale, the regular reminders of school rules from Argus Filch, the Quidditch team training schedule, the offers to barter certain Chocolate Frog cards for others, the Weasleys\rquote  new advertise\-ment for testers, the dates of the Hogsmeade weekends, and the lost-and-found notices. The new sign was printed in large black letters and there was a highly official-looking seal at the bottom beside a neat and curly signature.\par
\par
\pard\qc\emdash   \fs20 BY ORDER OF \fs24  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 THE\lang3081  HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 All Student Organizations, Societies, Teams, Groups, and Clubs are henceforth disbanded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An Organization, Society, Team, Group, or Club is hereby defined as a regular meeting of three or more students.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Permission to re-form may be sought from the High Inquisitor (Professor Umbridge).\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No Student Organization, Society, Team, Group, or Club may exist without the knowledge and approval of the High Inquisitor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Any student found to have formed, or to belong to, an Organization, Society, Team, Group, or Club that has not been approved by the High Inquisitor will be expelled.\par
\pard\qc\i The above is in accordance with\par
Educational Decree Number Twenty-four.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0 Signed:\par
Dolores Jane Umbridge\par
\fs20 HIGH INQUISITOR\lang3081\par
\lang1033\fs24\par
Harry and Ron read the notice over the heads of some anxious-looking second years.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does this mean they\rquote re going to shut down the Gobstones Club?\rdblquote  one of them asked his friend.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I reckon you\rquote ll be okay with Gobstones,\rdblquote  Ron said darkly, making the second year jump. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think we\rquote re going to be as lucky, though, do you?\rdblquote  he asked Harry as the second years hurried away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was reading the notice through again. The happiness that had filled him since Saturday was gone. His insides were pulsing with rage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This isn\rquote t a coincidence,\rdblquote  he said, his hands forming fists. \ldblquote She knows.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She can\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Ron at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There were people listening in that pub. And let\rquote s face it, we don\rquote t know how many of the people who turned up we can trust. \'85 Any of them could have run off and told Umbridge. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he had thought they believed him, thought they even admired him \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Zacharias Smith!\rdblquote  said Ron at once, punching a fist into his hand. \ldblquote Or \emdash  I thought that Michael Corner had a really shifty look too \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wonder if Hermione\rquote s seen this yet?\rdblquote  Harry said, looking around at the door to the girls\rquote  dormitories.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s go and tell her,\rdblquote  said Ron. He bounded forward, pulled open the door, and set off up the spiral staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was on the sixth stair when it happened. There was a loud, wail\-ing, klaxonlike sound and the steps melted together to make a long, smooth stone slide. There was a brief moment when Ron tried to keep running, arms working madly like windmills, then he toppled over backward and shot down the newly created slide, coming to rest on his back at Harry\rquote s feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  I don\rquote t think we\rquote re allowed in the girls\rquote  dormitories,\rdblquote  said Harry, pulling Ron to his feet and trying not to laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Two fourth-year girls came zooming gleefully down the stone slide.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oooh, who tried to get upstairs?\rdblquote  they giggled happily, leaping to their feet and ogling Harry and Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Me,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was still rather disheveled. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t realize that would happen. It\rquote s not fair!\rdblquote  he added to Harry, as the girls headed off for the portrait hole, still giggling madly. \ldblquote Hermione\rquote s al\-lowed in our dormitory, how come we\rquote re not allowed \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s an old-fashioned rule,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who had just slid neatly onto a rug in front of them and was now getting to her feet, \ldblquote but it says in \i Hogwarts, A History\i0  that the founders thought boys were less trustworthy than girls. Anyway, why were you trying to get in there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To see you \emdash  look at this!\rdblquote  said Ron, dragging her over to the no\-tice board.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s eyes slid rapidly down the notice. Her expression be\-came stony.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Someone must have blabbed to her!\rdblquote  Ron said angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They can\rquote t have done,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a low voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re so naive,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote you think just because you\rquote re all hon\-orable and trustworthy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, they can\rquote t have done because I put a jinx on that piece of parchment we all signed,\rdblquote  said Hermione grimly. \ldblquote Believe me, if any\-one\rquote s run off and told Umbridge, we\rquote ll know exactly who they are and they will really regret it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote ll happen to them?\rdblquote  said Ron eagerly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, put it this way,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote it\rquote ll make Eloise Midgen\rquote s acne look like a couple of cute freckles. Come on, let\rquote s get down to breakfast and see what the others think. \'85 I wonder whether this has been put up in all the Houses?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was immediately apparent on entering the Great Hall that Um\-bridge\rquote s sign had not only appeared in Gryffindor Tower. There was a peculiar intensity about the chatter and an extra measure of move\-ment in the Hall as people scurried up and down their tables confer\-ring on what they had read. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had barely taken their seats when Neville, Dean, Fred, George, and Ginny de\-scended upon them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you see it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you reckon she knows?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are we going to do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were all looking at Harry. He glanced around to make sure there were no teachers near them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re going to do it anyway, of course,\rdblquote  he said quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Knew you\rquote d say that,\rdblquote  said George, beaming and thumping Harry on the arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The prefects as well?\rdblquote  said Fred, looking quizzically at Ron and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  said Hermione coolly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here comes Ernie and Hannah Abbott,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking over his shoulder. \i\ldblquote And\i0  those Ravenclaw blokes and Smith \'85 and no one looks very spotty.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked alarmed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never mind spots, the idiots can\rquote t come over here now, it\rquote ll look\lang3081  \lang1033 really suspicious \emdash  sit down!\rdblquote  she mouthed to Ernie and Hannah, gesturing frantically to them to rejoin the Hufflepuff table. \ldblquote Later! We\rquote ll \emdash  talk \emdash  to \emdash  you \emdash  \i later\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll tell Michael,\rdblquote  said Ginny impatiently, swinging herself off her bench. \ldblquote The fool, honestly \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She hurried off toward the Ravenclaw table; Harry watched her go. Cho was sitting not far away, talking to the curly-haired friend she had brought along to the Hog\rquote s Head. Would Umbridge\rquote s notice scare her off meeting them again?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the full repercussions of the sign were not felt until they were leaving the Great Hall for History of Magic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! \i Ron\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Angelina and she was hurrying toward them looking per\-fectly desperate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s okay,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly, when she was near enough to hear him. \ldblquote We\rquote re still going to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You realize she\rquote s including Quidditch in this?\rdblquote  Angelina said over him. \ldblquote We have to go and ask permission to re-form the Gryffindor team!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote\i  \i0 said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No way,\rdblquote  said Ron, appalled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You read the sign, it mentions teams too! So listen, Harry \'85 I am saying this for the last time. \'85 Please, \i please\i0  don\rquote t lose your temper with Umbridge again or she might not let us play anymore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, for Angelina looked as though she was on the verge of tears. \ldblquote Don\rquote t worry, I\rquote ll behave myself. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bet Umbridge is in History of Magic,\rdblquote  said Ron grimly, as they set off for Binns\rquote s lesson. \ldblquote She hasn\rquote t inspected Binns yet. \'85 Bet you anything she\rquote s there. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he was wrong; the only teacher present when they entered was Professor Binns, floating an inch or so above his chair as usual and preparing to continue his monotonous drone on giant wars. Harry\lang3081  \lang1033 did not even attempt to follow what he was saying today; he doodled idly on his parchment ignoring Hermione\rquote s frequent glares and nudges, until a particularly painful poke in the ribs made him look up angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She pointed at the window. Harry looked around. Hedwig was perched on the narrow window ledge, gazing through the thick glass at him, a letter tied to her leg. Harry could not understand it; they had just had breakfast, why on earth hadn\rquote t she delivered the letter then, as usual? Many of his classmates were pointing out Hedwig to each other too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I\rquote ve always loved that owl, she\rquote s so beautiful,\rdblquote  Harry heard Lavender sigh to Parvati.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He glanced around at Professor Binns who continued to read his notes, serenely unaware that the class\rquote s attention was even less focused upon him than usual. Harry slipped quietly off his chair, crouched down, and hurried along the row to the window, where he slid the catch and opened it very slowly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had expected Hedwig to hold out her leg so that he could re\-move the letter and then fly off to the Owlery, but the moment the window was open wide enough she hopped inside, hooting dolefully. He closed the window with an anxious glance at Professor Binns, crouched low again, and sped back to his seat with Hedwig on his shoulder. He regained his seat, transferred Hedwig to his lap, and made to remove the letter tied to her leg.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was only then that he realized that Hedwig\rquote s feathers were oddly ruffled; some were bent the wrong way, and she was holding one of her wings at an odd angle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s hurt!\rdblquote  Harry whispered, bending his head low over her. Hermione and Ron leaned in closer; Hermione even put down her quill. \ldblquote Look \emdash  there\rquote s something wrong with her wing \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hedwig was quivering; when Harry made to touch the wing she\lang3081  \lang1033 gave a little jump, all her feathers on end as though she was inflating herself, and gazed at him reproachfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Binns,\rdblquote  said Harry loudly, and everyone in the class turned to look at him. \ldblquote I\rquote m not feeling well.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Binns raised his eyes from his notes, looking amazed, as always, to find the room in front of him full of people.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not feeling well?\rdblquote  he repeated hazily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not at all well,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly, getting to his feet while con\-cealing Hedwig behind his back. \ldblquote So I think I\rquote ll need to go to the hos\-pital wing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Professor Binns, clearly very much wrong-footed. \ldblquote Yes \'85 yes, hospital wing \'85 well, off you go, then, Perkins \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once outside the room Harry returned Hedwig to his shoulder and hurried off up the corridor, pausing to think only when he was out of sight of Binns\rquote s door. His first choice of somebody to cure Hedwig would have been Hagrid, of course, but as he had no idea where Hagrid was, his only remaining option was to find Professor Grubbly-Plank and hope she would help.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He peered out of a window at the blustery, overcast grounds. There was no sign of her anywhere near Hagrid\rquote s cabin; if she was not teach\-ing, she was probably in the staffroom. He set off downstairs, Hedwig hooting feebly as she swayed on his shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Two stone gargoyles flanked the staffroom door. As Harry ap\-proached, one of them croaked, \ldblquote You should be in class, sunny Jim.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is urgent,\rdblquote  said Harry curtly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ooooh, \i urgent,\i0  is it?\rdblquote  said the other gargoyle in a high-pitched voice. \ldblquote Well, that\rquote s put \i us\i0  in our place, hasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry knocked; he heard footsteps and then the door opened and he found himself face-to-face with Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You haven\rquote t been given another detention!\rdblquote  she said at once, her square spectacles flashing alarmingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Professor!\rdblquote  said Harry hastily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well then, why are you out of class?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s \i urgent,\i0  apparently,\rdblquote  said the second gargoyle snidely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m looking for Professor Grubbly-Plank,\rdblquote  Harry explained. \ldblquote It\rquote s my owl, she\rquote s injured.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Injured owl, did you say?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Grubbly-Plank appeared at Professor McGonagall\rquote s shoulder, smoking a pipe and holding a copy of the \i Daily Prophet.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, lifting Hedwig carefully off his shoulder, \ldblquote she turned up after the other post owls and her wing\rquote s all funny, look \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Grubbly-Plank stuck her pipe firmly between her teeth and took Hedwig from Harry while Professor McGonagall watched.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmm,\rdblquote  said Professor Grubbly-Plank, her pipe waggling slightly as she talked. \ldblquote Looks like something\rquote s attacked her. Can\rquote t think what would have done it, though. \'85 Thestrals will sometimes go for birds, of course, but Hagrid\rquote s got the Hogwarts thestrals well trained not to touch owls \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry neither knew nor cared what thestrals were, he just wanted to know that Hedwig was going to be all right. Professor McGonagall, however, looked sharply at Harry and said, \ldblquote Do you know how far this owl\rquote s traveled, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote From London, I think.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He met her eyes briefly and knew that she understood \ldblquote London\rdblquote  to mean \ldblquote number twelve, Grimmauld Place\rdblquote  by the way her eyebrows had joined in the middle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Grubbly-Plank pulled a monocle out of the inside of her robes and screwed it into her eye to examine Hedwig\rquote s wing closely. \ldblquote I should be able to sort this out if you leave her with me, Potter,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote She shouldn\rquote t be flying long distances for a few days, in any case.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  right \emdash  thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, just as the bell rang for break.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No problem,\rdblquote  said Professor Grubbly-Plank gruffly, turning back into the staffroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just a moment, Wilhelmina!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Pot\-ter\rquote s letter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah!\rdblquote  said Harry, who had momentarily forgotten the scroll tied to Hedwig\rquote s leg. Professor Grubbly-Plank handed it over and then disappeared into the staffroom carrying Hedwig, who was staring at Harry as though unable to believe he would give her away like this. Feeling slightly guilty, he turned to go, but Professor McGonagall called him back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Professor?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She glanced up and down the corridor; there were students coming from both directions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bear in mind,\rdblquote  she said quickly and quietly, her eyes on the scroll in his hand, \ldblquote that channels of communication in and out of Hogwarts may be being watched, won\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry, but the flood of students rolling along the corri\-dor was almost upon him. Professor McGonagall gave him a curt nod and retreated into the staffroom, leaving Harry to be swept out into the courtyard with the crowd. Here he spotted Ron and Hermione al\-ready standing in a sheltered corner, their cloak collars turned up against the wind. Harry slit open the scroll as he hurried toward them and found five words in Sirius\rquote s handwriting:\par
\par
\i Today, same time, same place.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i0\par
\ldblquote Is Hedwig okay?\rdblquote  asked Hermione anxiously, the moment he was within earshot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where did you take her?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To Grubbly-Plank,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote And I met McGonagall. \'85 Listen. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he told them what Professor McGonagall had said. To his\lang3081  \lang1033 surprise, neither of the others looked shocked; on the contrary, they exchanged significant looks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry, looking from Ron to Hermione and back again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I was just saying to Ron \'85 what if someone had tried to in\-tercept Hedwig? I mean, she\rquote s never been hurt on a flight before, has she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s the letter from anyway?\rdblquote  asked Ron, taking the note from Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snuffles,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Same time, same place\rquote ? Does he mean the fire in the common room?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Obviously,\rdblquote  said Hermione, also reading the note. She looked un\-easy. \ldblquote I just hope nobody else has read this. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it was still sealed and everything,\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to con\-vince himself as much as her. \ldblquote And nobody would understand what it meant if they didn\rquote t know where we\rquote d spoken to him before, would they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously, hitching her bag back over her shoulder as the bell rang again. \ldblquote It wouldn\rquote t be exactly diffi\-cult to reseal the scroll by magic. \'85 And if anyone\rquote s watching the Floo Network \'85 but I don\rquote t really see how we can warn him not to come without \i that\i0  being intercepted too!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They trudged down the stone steps to the dungeons for Potions, all three of them lost in thought, but as they reached the bottom of the stairs they were recalled to themselves by the voice of Draco Malfoy, who was standing just outside Snape\rquote s classroom door, waving around an official-looking piece of parchment and talking much louder than was necessary so that they could hear every word.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, Umbridge gave the Slytherin Quidditch team permission to continue playing straightaway, I went to ask her first thing this morn\-ing. Well, it was pretty much automatic, I mean, she knows my father\lang3081  \lang1033 really well, he\rquote s always popping in and out of the Ministry. \'85 It\rquote ll be interesting to see whether Gryffindor are allowed to keep playing, wont it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t rise,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered imploringly to Harry and Ron, who were both watching Malfoy, faces set and fists clenched. \ldblquote It\rquote s what he wants. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I mean,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, raising his voice a little more, his gray eyes glittering malevolently in Harry and Ron\rquote s direction, \ldblquote if it\rquote s a question of influence with the Ministry, I don\rquote t think they\rquote ve got much chance. \'85 From what my father says, they\rquote ve been looking for an excuse to sack Arthur Weasley for years. \'85 And as for Potter \'85 My father says it\rquote s a matter of time before the Ministry has him carted off to St. Mungo\rquote s. \'85 apparently they\rquote ve got a special ward for people whose brains have been addled by magic. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy made a grotesque face, his mouth sagging open and his eyes rolling. Crabbe and Goyle gave their usual grunts of laughter, Pansy Parkinson shrieked with glee.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something collided hard with Harry\rquote s shoulder, knocking him sideways. A split second later he realized that Neville had just charged past him, heading straight for Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville, \i no\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry leapt forward and seized the back of Neville\rquote s robes; Neville struggled frantically, his fists flailing, trying desperately to get at Mal\-foy who looked, for a moment, extremely shocked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Help me!\rdblquote  Harry flung at Ron, managing to get an arm around Neville\rquote s neck and dragging him backward, away from the Slytherins. Crabbe and Goyle were now flexing their arms, closing in front of Malfoy, ready for the fight. Ron hurried forward and seized Neville\rquote s arms; together, he and Harry succeeded in dragging Neville back into the Gryffindor line. Neville\rquote s face was scarlet; the pressure Harry was exerting on his throat rendered him quite incomprehensible, but odd words spluttered from his mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not\'85 funny \'85 don\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Mungo\rquote s \'85 show \'85 him \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dungeon door opened. Snape appeared there. His black eyes swept up the Gryffindor line to the point where Harry and Ron were wrestling with Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fighting, Potter, Weasley, Longbottom?\rdblquote  Snape said in his cold, sneering voice. \ldblquote Ten points from Gryffindor. Release Longbottom, Potter, or it will be detention. Inside, all of you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry let go of Neville, who stood panting and glaring at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had to stop you,\rdblquote  Harry gasped, picking up his bag. \ldblquote Crabbe and Goyle would\rquote ve torn you apart.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville said nothing, he merely snatched up his own bag and stalked off into the dungeon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What in the name of Merlin,\rdblquote  said Ron slowly, as they followed Neville, \ldblquote was \i that\i0  about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer. He knew exactly why the subject of people who were in St. Mungo\rquote s because of magical damage to their brains was highly distressing to Neville, but he had sworn to Dumbledore that he would not tell anyone Neville\rquote s secret. Even Neville did not know that Harry knew.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione took their usual seats at the back of the class and pulled out parchment, quills, and their copies of \i One Thou\-sand Magical Herbs and Fungi.\i0  The class around them was whispering about what Neville had just done, but when Snape closed the dun\-geon door with an echoing bang everybody fell silent immediately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will notice,\rdblquote  said Snape in his low, sneering voice, \ldblquote that we have a guest with us today.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gestured toward the dim corner of the dungeon, and Harry saw Professor Umbridge sitting there, clipboard on her knee. He glanced sideways at Ron and Hermione, his eyebrows raised. Snape and Um\-bridge, the two teachers he hated most\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 it was hard to decide which he wanted to triumph over the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We are continuing with our Strengthening Solutions today, you will find your mixtures as you left them last lesson, if correctly made they should have matured well over the weekend \emdash  instructions\rdblquote  \emdash  he waved his wand again \emdash  \ldblquote on the board. Carry on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge spent the first half hour of the lesson making notes in her corner. Harry was very interested in hearing her question Snape, so interested, that he was becoming careless with his potion again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Salamander blood, Harry!\rdblquote  Hermione moaned, grabbing his wrist to prevent him adding the wrong ingredient for the third time. \ldblquote Not pomegranate juice!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry vaguely, putting down the bottle and continu\-ing to watch the corner. Umbridge had just gotten to her feet. \ldblquote Ha,\rdblquote  he said softly, as she strode between two lines of desks toward Snape, who was bending over Dean Thomas\rquote s cauldron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, the class seems fairly advanced for their level,\rdblquote  she said briskly to Snape\rquote s back. \ldblquote Though I would question whether it is ad\-visable to teach them a potion like the Strengthening Solution. I think the Ministry would prefer it if that was removed from the syllabus.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape straightened up slowly and turned to look at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now \'85 how long have you been teaching at Hogwarts?\rdblquote  she asked, her quill poised over her clipboard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fourteen years,\rdblquote  Snape replied. His expression was unfathomable. His eyes on Snape, Harry added a few drops to his potion; it hissed menacingly and turned from turquoise to orange.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You applied first for the Defense Against the Dark Arts post, I believe?\rdblquote  Professor Umbridge asked Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Snape quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you were unsuccessful?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape\rquote s lip curled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Obviously.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge scribbled on her clipboard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you have applied regularly for the Defense Against the Dark Arts post since you first joined the school, I believe?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Snape quietly, barely moving his lips. He looked very angry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you have any idea why Dumbledore has consistently refused to appoint you?\rdblquote  asked Umbridge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suggest you ask him,\rdblquote  said Snape jerkily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh I shall,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge with a sweet smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose this is relevant?\rdblquote  Snape asked, his black eyes narrowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge. \ldblquote Yes, the Ministry wants a thorough understanding of teachers\rquote  \emdash  er \emdash  backgrounds. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She turned away, walked over to Pansy Parkinson and began ques\-tioning her about the lessons. Snape looked around at Harry and their eyes met for a second. Harry hastily dropped his gaze to his potion, which was now congealing foully and giving off a strong smell of burned rubber.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No marks again, then, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape maliciously, emptying Harry\rquote s cauldron with a wave of his wand. \ldblquote You will write me an essay on the correct composition of this potion, indicating how and why you went wrong, to be handed in next lesson, do you understand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry furiously. Snape had already given them home\-work, and he had Quidditch practice this evening; this would mean another couple of sleepless nights. It did not seem possible that he had awoken that morning feeling very happy. All he felt now was a fervent desire for this day to end as soon as possible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe I\rquote ll skive off Divination,\rdblquote  he said glumly as they stood again in the courtyard after lunch, the wind whipping at the hems of robes and brims of hats. \ldblquote I\rquote ll pretend to be ill and do Snape\rquote s essay in\-stead, then I won\rquote t have to stay up half the night. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t skive off Divination,\rdblquote  said Hermione severely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hark who\rquote s talking, you walked out of Divination, you hate Trelawney!\rdblquote  said Ron indignantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t \i hate\i0  her,\rdblquote  said Hermione loftily. \ldblquote I just think she\rquote s an ab\-solutely appalling teacher and a real old fraud. \'85 But Harry\rquote s already missed History of Magic and I don\rquote t think he ought to miss anything else today!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was too much truth in this to ignore, so half an hour later Harry took his seat in the hot, over-perfumed atmosphere of the Div\-ination classroom feeling angry at everybody. Professor Trelawney was handing out copies of \i The Dream Oracle\i0  yet again; he would surely be much better employed doing Snape\rquote s punishment essay than sitting here trying to find meaning in a lot of made-up dreams.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It seemed, however, that he was not the only person in Divination who was in a temper. Professor Trelawney slammed a copy of the \i Or\-acle\i0  down on the table between Harry and Ron and swept away, her lips pursed; she threw the next copy of the \i Oracle\i0  at Seamus and Dean, narrowly avoiding Seamus\rquote s head, and thrust the final one into Neville\rquote s chest with such force that he slipped off his pouf.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, carry on!\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney loudly, her voice high pitched and somewhat hysterical. \ldblquote You know what to do! Or am I such a substandard teacher that you have never learned how to open a book?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The class stared perplexedly at her and then at each other. Harry, however, thought he knew what was the matter. As Professor Trelawney flounced back to the high-backed teacher\rquote s chair, her mag\-nified eyes full of angry tears, he leaned his head closer to Ron\rquote s and muttered, \ldblquote I think she\rquote s got the results of her inspection back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor?\rdblquote  said Parvati Patil in a hushed voice (she and Lavender had always rather admired Professor Trelawney). \ldblquote Professor, is there anything \emdash  er \emdash  wrong?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wrong!\rdblquote  cried Professor Trelawney in a voice throbbing with emo\-tion. \ldblquote Certainly not! I have been insulted, certainly. \'85 Insinuations\lang3081  \lang1033 have been made against me. \'85 Unfounded accusations levelled \'85 but no, there is nothing wrong, certainly not. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She took a great shuddering breath and looked away from Parvati, angry tears spilling from under her glasses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I say nothing,\rdblquote  she choked, \ldblquote of sixteen years\rquote  devoted service. \'85 It has passed, apparently, unnoticed. \'85 But I shall not be insulted, no, I shall not!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Professor, who\rquote s insulting you?\rdblquote  asked Parvati timidly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The establishment!\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney in a deep, dramatic, wavering voice. \ldblquote Yes, those with eyes too clouded by the Mundane to See as I See, to Know as I Know \'85 Of course, we Seers have always been feared, always persecuted. \'85 It is \emdash  alas \emdash  our fate. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She gulped, dabbed at her wet cheeks with the end of her shawl, and then pulled a small, embroidered handkerchief from her sleeve, into which she blew her nose very hard with a sound like Peeves blow\-ing a raspberry. Ron sniggered. Lavender shot him a disgusted look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor,\rdblquote  said Parvati, \ldblquote do you mean \'85 is it something Profes\-sor Umbridge \'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do not speak to me about that woman!\rdblquote  cried Professor Trelawney, leaping to her feet, her beads rattling and her spectacles flashing. \ldblquote Kindly continue with your work!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she spent the rest of the lesson striding among them, tears still leaking from behind her glasses, muttering what sounded like threats under her breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 may well choose to leave \'85 the indignity of it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 on proba\-tion \'85 we shall see \'85 how she dares \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You and Umbridge have got something in common,\rdblquote  Harry told Hermione quietly when they met again in Defense Against the Dark Arts. \ldblquote She obviously reckons Trelawney\rquote s an old fraud too. \'85 Looks like she\rquote s put her on probation.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge entered the room as he spoke, wearing her black velvet bow and an expression of great smugness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good afternoon, class.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge,\rdblquote  they chanted drearily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wands away, please \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But there was no answering flurry of movement this time; nobody had bothered to take out their wands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please turn to page thirty-four of \i Defensive Magical Theory\i0  and read the third chapter, entitled \lquote The Case for Non-Offensive Responses to Magical Attack.\rquote  There will be \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  no need to talk,\rdblquote  Harry, Ron, and Hermione said together un\-der their breaths.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No Quidditch practice,\rdblquote  said Angelina in hollow tones when Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the common room that night after dinner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I kept my temper!\rdblquote  said Harry, horrified. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t say any\-thing to her, Angelina, I swear, I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, I know,\rdblquote  said Angelina miserably. \ldblquote She just said she needed a bit of time to consider.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Consider what?\rdblquote  said Ron angrily. \ldblquote She\rquote s given the Slytherins per\-mission, why not us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry could imagine how much Umbridge was enjoying hold\-ing the threat of no Gryffindor Quidditch team over their heads and could easily understand why she would not want to relinquish that weapon over them too soon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote look on the bright side \emdash  at least now you\rquote ll have time to do Snape\rquote s essay!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s a bright side, is it?\rdblquote  snapped Harry, while Ron stared in\-credulously at Hermione. \ldblquote No Quidditch practice and extra Potions?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry slumped down into a chair, dragged his Potions essay reluc\-tantly from his bag, and set to work.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was very hard to concentrate; even though he knew that Sirius was not due in the fire until much later he could not help glancing\lang3081  \lang1033 into the flames every few minutes just in case. There was also an in\-credible amount of noise in the room: Fred and George appeared fi\-nally to have perfected one type of Skiving Snackbox, which they were taking turns to demonstrate to a cheering and whooping crowd.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 First, Fred would take a bite out of the orange end of a chew, at which he would vomit spectacularly into a bucket they had placed in front of them. Then he would force down the purple end of the chew, at which the vomiting would immediately cease. Lee Jordan, who was assisting the demonstration, was lazily vanishing the vomit at regular intervals with the same Vanishing Spell Snape kept using on Harry\rquote s potions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 What with the regular sounds of retching, cheering, and Fred and George taking advance orders from the crowd, Harry was finding it exceptionally difficult to focus on the correct method for Strengthen\-ing Solutions. Hermione was not helping matters; the cheers and sound of vomit hitting the bottom of Fred and George\rquote s bucket were punctuated by loud and disapproving sniffs that Harry found, if any\-thing, more distracting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just go and stop them, then!\rdblquote  he said irritably, after crossing out the wrong weight of powdered griffin claw for the fourth time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t, they\rquote re not \i technically\i0  doing anything wrong,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione through gritted teeth. \ldblquote They\rquote re quite within their rights to eat the foul things themselves, and I can\rquote t find a rule that says the other idiots aren\rquote t entitled to buy them, not unless they\rquote re proven to be dan\-gerous in some way, and it doesn\rquote t look as though they are. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She, Harry, and Ron watched George projectile-vomit into the bucket, gulp down the rest of the chew, and straighten up, beaming with his arms wide to protracted applause.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know, I don\rquote t get why Fred and George only got three O.W.L.s each,\rdblquote  said Harry, watching as Fred, George, and Lee collected gold from the eager crowd. \ldblquote They really know their stuff. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, they only know flashy stuff that\rquote s no real use to anyone,\rdblquote  said Hermione disparagingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No real use?\rdblquote  said Ron in a strained voice. \ldblquote Hermione, they\rquote ve got about twenty-six Galleons already. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a long while before the crowd around the Weasleys dispersed, and then Fred, Lee, and George sat up counting their takings even longer, so that it was well past midnight when Harry, Ron, and Hermione finally had the common room to themselves again. At long last, Fred closed the doorway to the boys\rquote  dormitories behind him, rattling his box of Galleons ostentatiously so that Hermione scowled. Harry, who was making very little progress with his Potions essay, de\-cided to give it up for the night. As he put his books away, Ron, who was dozing lightly in an armchair, gave a muffled grunt, awoke, looked blearily into the fire and said, \ldblquote Sirius!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry whipped around; Sirius\rquote s untidy dark head was sitting in the fire again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  he said, grinning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  chorused Harry, Ron, and Hermione, all three kneeling down upon the hearthrug. Crookshanks purred loudly and ap\-proached the fire, trying, despite the heat, to put his face close to Sirius\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote re things?\rdblquote  said Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not that good,\rdblquote  said Harry, as Hermione pulled Crookshanks back to stop him singeing his whiskers. \ldblquote The Ministry\rquote s forced through another decree, which means we\rquote re not allowed to have Quid\-ditch teams \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  or secret Defense Against the Dark Arts groups?\rdblquote  said Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a short pause.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you know about that?\rdblquote  Harry demanded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You want to choose your meeting places more carefully,\rdblquote  said Sir\-ius, grinning still more broadly. \ldblquote The Hog\rquote s Head, I ask you \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it was better than the Three Broomsticks!\rdblquote  said Hermione defensively. \ldblquote That\rquote s always packed with people \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  which means you\rquote d have been harder to overhear,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote You\rquote ve got a lot to learn, Hermione.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who overheard us?\rdblquote  Harry demanded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mundungus, of course,\rdblquote  said Sirius, and when they all looked puzzled he laughed. \ldblquote He was the witch under the veil.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was Mundungus?\rdblquote  Harry said, stunned. \ldblquote What was he doing in the Hog\rquote s Head?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you think he was doing?\rdblquote  said Sirius impatiently. \ldblquote Keep\-ing an eye on you, of course.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m still being followed?\rdblquote  asked Harry angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, you are,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote and just as well, isn\rquote t it, if the first thing you\rquote re going to do on your weekend off is organize an illegal de\-fense group.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he looked neither angry nor worried; on the contrary, he was looking at Harry with distinct pride.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why was Dung hiding from us?\rdblquote  asked Ron, sounding disap\-pointed. \ldblquote We\rquote d\rquote ve liked to\rquote ve seen him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was banned from the Hog\rquote s Head twenty years ago,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote and that barman\rquote s got a long memory. We lost Moody\rquote s spare Invisi\-bility Cloak when Sturgis was arrested, so Dung\rquote s been dressing as a witch a lot lately. \'85 Anyway \'85 First of all, Ron \emdash  I\rquote ve sworn to pass on a message from your mother.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah?\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding apprehensive.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She says on no account whatsoever are you to take part in an ille\-gal secret Defense Against the Dark Arts group. She says you\rquote ll be ex\-pelled for sure and your future will be ruined. She says there will be plenty of time to learn how to defend yourself later and that you are too young to be worrying about that right now. She also\rdblquote  \emdash  Sirius\rquote s eyes turned to the other two \emdash  \ldblquote advises Harry and Hermione not to proceed with the group, though she accepts that she has no authority\lang3081  \lang1033 over either of them and simply begs them to remember that she has their best interests at heart. She would have written all this to you, but if the owl had been intercepted you\rquote d all have been in real trouble, and she can\rquote t say it for herself because she\rquote s on duty tonight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote On duty doing what?\rdblquote  said Ron quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never you mind, just stuff for the Order,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote So it\rquote s fallen to me to be the messenger and make sure you tell her I passed it all on, because I don\rquote t think she trusts me to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was another pause in which Crookshanks, mewing, at\-tempted to paw Sirius\rquote s head, and Ron fiddled with a hole in the hearthrug.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you want me to say I\rquote m not going to take part in the defense group?\rdblquote  he muttered finally.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Me? Certainly not!\rdblquote  said Sirius, looking surprised. \ldblquote I think it\rquote s an excellent idea!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You do?\rdblquote  said Harry, his heart lifting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I do!\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote D\rquote you think your father and I would\rquote ve lain down and taken orders from an old hag like Umbridge?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash  last term all you did was tell me to be careful and not take risks \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Last year all the evidence was that someone inside Hogwarts was trying to kill you, Harry!\rdblquote  said Sirius impatiently. \ldblquote This year we know that there\rquote s someone outside Hogwarts who\rquote d like to kill us all, so I think learning to defend yourselves properly is a very good idea!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And if we do get expelled?\rdblquote  Hermione asked, a quizzical look on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, this whole thing was your idea!\rdblquote  said Harry, staring at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know it was. \'85 I just wondered what Sirius thought,\rdblquote  she said, shrugging.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, better expelled and able to defend yourselves than sitting safely in school without a clue,\rdblquote  said Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hear, hear,\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron enthusiastically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote how are you organizing this group? Where are you meeting?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s a bit of a problem now,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Dunno where we\rquote re going to be able to go. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How about the Shrieking Shack?\rdblquote  suggested Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey, that\rquote s an idea!\rdblquote  said Ron excitedly, but Hermione made a skeptical noise and all three of them looked at her, Sirius\rquote s head turn\-ing in the flames.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Sirius, it\rquote s just that there were only four of you meeting in the Shrieking Shack when you were at school,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote and all of you could transform into animals and I suppose you could all have squeezed under a single Invisibility Cloak if you\rquote d wanted to. But there are twenty-eight of us and none of us is an Animagus, so we wouldn\rquote t need so much an Invisibility Cloak as an Invisibility Marquee \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fair point,\rdblquote  said Sirius, looking slightly crestfallen. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote m sure you\rquote ll come up with somewhere. \'85 There used to be a pretty roomy secret passageway behind that big mirror on the fourth floor, you might have enough space to practice jinxes in there \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fred and George told me it\rquote s blocked,\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking his head. \ldblquote Caved in or something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85\rdblquote  said Sirius, frowning. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote ll have a think and get back to\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He broke off. His face was suddenly tense, alarmed. He turned sideways, apparently looking into the solid brick wall of the fireplace.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius?\rdblquote  said Harry anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he had vanished. Harry gaped at the flames for a moment, then turned to look at Ron and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why did he \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione gave a horrified gasp and leapt to her feet, still staring at the fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A hand had appeared amongst the flames, groping as though to catch hold of something; a stubby, short-fingered hand covered in ugly old-fashioned rings. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The three of them ran for it; at the door of the boys\rquote  dormitory Harry looked back. Umbridge\rquote s hand was still making snatching movements amongst the flames, as though she knew exactly where Sirius\rquote s hair had been moments before and was determined to seize it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 18\par
\pard\qc Dumbledore\rquote s Army\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote Umbridge has been reading your mail, Harry. There\rquote s no other explanation.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You think Umbridge attacked Hedwig?\rdblquote  he said, outraged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m almost certain of it,\rdblquote  said Hermione grimly. \ldblquote Watch your frog, it\rquote s escaping.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pointed his wand at the bullfrog that had been hopping hopefully toward the other side of the table\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  \ldblquote\i Accio\i0 !\rdblquote\emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 and it zoomed gloomily back into his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Charms was always one of the best lessons in which to enjoy a pri\-vate chat: There was generally so much movement and activity that the danger of being overheard was very slight. Today, with the room full of croaking bullfrogs and cawing ravens, and with a heavy down\-pour of rain clattering and pounding against the classroom windows, Harry, Ron, and Hermione\rquote s whispered discussion about how Um\-bridge had nearly caught Sirius went quite unnoticed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been suspecting this ever since Filch accused you of ordering Dungbombs, because it seemed such a stupid lie,\rdblquote  Hermione whis\-pered. \ldblquote I mean, once your letter had been read, it would have been\lang3081  \lang1033 quite clear you \i weren\rquote t\i0  ordering them, so you wouldn\rquote t have been in trouble at all \emdash  it\rquote s a bit of a feeble joke, isn\rquote t it? But then I thought, what if somebody just wanted an excuse to read your mail? Well then, it would be a perfect way for Umbridge to manage it \emdash  tip off Filch, let him do the dirty work and confiscate the letter, then either find a way of stealing it from him or else demand to see it \emdash  I don\rquote t think Filch would object, when\rquote s he ever stuck up for a student\rquote s rights? Harry, you\rquote re squashing your frog.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down; he was indeed squeezing his bullfrog so tightly its eyes were popping; he replaced it hastily upon the desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was a very, very close call last night,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I just wonder if Umbridge knows how close it was. \i Silencio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The bullfrog on which she was practicing her Silencing Charm was struck dumb mid-croak and glared at her reproachfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If she\rquote d caught Snuffles \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry finished the sentence for her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote d probably be back in Azkaban this morning.\rdblquote  He waved his wand without really concentrating; his bullfrog swelled like a green balloon and emitted a high-pitched whistle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Silencio\i0 !\rdblquote  said Hermione hastily, pointing her wand at Harry\rquote s frog, which deflated silently before them. \ldblquote Well, he mustn\rquote t do it again, that\rquote s all. I just don\rquote t know how we\rquote re going to let him know. We can\rquote t send him an owl.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t reckon he\rquote ll risk it again,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote He\rquote s not stupid, he knows she nearly got him. \i Silencio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The large and ugly raven in front of him let out a derisive caw.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Silencio\i0 ! \i SILENCIO\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The raven cawed more loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s the way you\rquote re moving your wand,\rdblquote  said Hermione, watching Ron critically. \ldblquote You don\rquote t want to wave it, it\rquote s more a sharp \i jab.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ravens are harder than frogs,\rdblquote  said Ron testily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine, let\rquote s swap,\rdblquote  said Hermione, seizing Ron\rquote s raven and replacing\lang3081  \lang1033 it with her own fat bullfrog. \ldblquote\i Silencio\i0 !\rdblquote  The raven continued to open and close its sharp beak, but no sound came out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very good, Miss Granger!\rdblquote  said Professor Flitwick\rquote s squeaky little voice and Harry, Ron, and Hermione all jumped. \ldblquote Now, let me see you try, Mr. Weasley!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wha \emdash  ? Oh \emdash  oh, right,\rdblquote  said Ron, very flustered. \ldblquote Er \emdash  \i Silencio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He jabbed at the bullfrog so hard that he poked it in the eye; the frog gave a deafening croak and leapt off the desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It came as no surprise to any of them that Harry and Ron were given additional practice of the Silencing Charm for homework.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were allowed to remain inside over break due to the down\-pour outside. They found seats in a noisy and overcrowded classroom on the first floor in which Peeves was floating dreamily up near the chandelier, occasionally blowing an ink pellet at the top of somebody\rquote s head. They had barely sat down when Angelina came struggling to\-ward them through the groups of gossiping students.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got permission!\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote To re-form the Quidditch team!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Excellent\i0 !\rdblquote  said Ron and Harry together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Angelina, beaming. \ldblquote I went to McGonagall and I \i think\i0  she might have appealed to Dumbledore \emdash  anyway, Umbridge had to give in. Ha! So I want you down at the pitch at seven o\rquote clock tonight, all right, because we\rquote ve got to make up time, you realize we\rquote re only three weeks away from our first match?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She squeezed away from them, narrowly dodged an ink pellet from Peeves, which hit a nearby first year instead, and vanished from sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s smile slipped slightly as he looked out of the window, which was now opaque with hammering rain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hope this clears up \'85 What\rquote s up with you, Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She too was gazing at the window, but not as though she really saw it. Her eyes were unfocused and there was a frown on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just thinking \'85\rdblquote  she said, still frowning at the rain-washed window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote About Siri \'85 Snuffles?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85 not exactly \'85\rdblquote  said Hermione slowly. \ldblquote More \'85 won\-dering \'85 I suppose we\rquote re doing the right thing \'85 I think \'85 aren\rquote t we?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron looked at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that clears that up,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It would\rquote ve been really an\-noying if you hadn\rquote t explained yourself properly.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked at him as though she had only just realized he was there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was just wondering,\rdblquote  she said, her voice stronger now, \ldblquote whether we\rquote re doing the right thing, starting this Defense Against the Dark Arts group.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What!\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, it was your idea in the first place!\rdblquote  said Ron indignantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Hermione, twisting her fingers together. \ldblquote But after talking to Snuffles \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he\rquote s all for it!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione, staring at the window again. \ldblquote Yes, that\rquote s what made me think maybe it wasn\rquote t a good idea after all. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Peeves floated over them on his stomach, peashooter at the ready; automatically all three of them lifted their bags to cover their heads until he had passed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s get this straight,\rdblquote  said Harry angrily, as they put their bags back on the floor, \ldblquote Sirius agrees with us, so you don\rquote t think we should do it anymore?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked tense and rather miserable. Now staring at her own hands she said, \ldblquote Do you honestly trust his judgment?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I do!\rdblquote  said Harry at once. \ldblquote He\rquote s always given us great advice!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An ink pellet whizzed past them, striking Katie Bell squarely in the ear. Hermione watched Katie leap to her feet and start throw\-ing things at Peeves; it was a few moments before Hermione spoke\lang3081  \lang1033 again and it sounded as though she was choosing her words very carefully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t think he has become \'85 sort of\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 reckless \'85 since he\rquote s been cooped up in Grimmauld Place? You don\rquote t think he\rquote s \'85 kind of\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 living through us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, \lquote living through us\rquote ?\rdblquote  Harry retorted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I mean \'85 well, I think he\rquote d love to be forming secret defense societies right under the nose of someone from the Ministry. \'85 I think he\rquote s really frustrated at how little he can do where he is \'85 so I think he\rquote s keen to kind of\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 egg us on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked utterly perplexed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius is right,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote you \i do\i0  sound just like my mother.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione bit her lip and did not answer. The bell rang just as Peeves swooped down upon Katie and emptied an entire ink bottle over her head.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 The weather did not improve as the day wore on, so that at seven o\rquote clock that evening, when Harry and Ron went down to the Quid\-ditch pitch for practice, they were soaked through within minutes, their feet slipping and sliding on the sodden grass. The sky was a deep, thundery gray and it was a relief to gain the warmth and light of the changing rooms, even if they knew the respite was only temporary. They found Fred and George debating whether to use one of their own Skiving Snackboxes to get out of flying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  but I bet she\rquote d know what we\rquote d done,\rdblquote  Fred said out of the cor\-ner of his mouth. \ldblquote If only I hadn\rquote t offered to sell her some Puking Pastilles yesterday \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We could try the Fever Fudge,\rdblquote  George muttered, \ldblquote no one\rquote s seen that yet \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does it work?\rdblquote  inquired Ron hopefully, as the hammering of rain on the roof intensified and wind howled around the building.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, yeah,\rdblquote  said Fred, \ldblquote your temperature\rquote ll go right up \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  but you get these massive pus-filled boils too,\rdblquote  said George, \ldblquote and we haven\rquote t worked out how to get rid of them yet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t see any boils,\rdblquote  said Ron, staring at the twins.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, well, you wouldn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Fred darkly, \ldblquote they\rquote re not in a place we generally display to the public \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  but they make sitting on a broom a right pain in the \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, everyone, listen up,\rdblquote  said Angelina loudly, emerging from the Captain\rquote s office. \ldblquote I know it\rquote s not ideal weather, but there\rquote s a good chance we\rquote ll be playing Slytherin in conditions like this so it\rquote s a good idea to work out how we\rquote re going to cope with them. Harry, didn\rquote t you do something to your glasses to stop the rain fogging them up when we played Hufflepuff in that storm?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione did it,\rdblquote  said Harry. He pulled out his wand, tapped his glasses and said, \ldblquote\i Impervius\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we all ought to try that,\rdblquote  said Angelina. \ldblquote If we could just keep the rain off our faces it would really help visibility \emdash  all to\-gether, come on \emdash  \i Impervius\i0 ! Okay. Let\rquote s go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all stowed their wands back in the inside pockets of their robes, shouldered their brooms, and followed Angelina out of the changing rooms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They squelched through the deepening mud to the middle of the pitch; visibility was still very poor even with the Impervius Charm; light was fading fast and curtains of rain were sweeping the grounds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, on my whistle,\rdblquote  shouted Angelina.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry kicked off from the ground, spraying mud in all directions, and shot upward, the wind pulling him slightly off course. He had no idea how he was going to see the Snitch in this weather; he was hav\-ing enough difficulty seeing the one Bludger with which they were practicing; a minute into the practice it almost unseated him and he had to use the Sloth Grip Roll to avoid it. Unfortunately Angelina did not see this; in fact, she did not appear to be able to see anything; none of them had a clue what the others were doing. The wind was\lang3081  \lang1033 picking up; even at a distance Harry could hear the swishing, pound\-ing sounds of the rain pummeling the surface of the lake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Angelina kept them at it for nearly an hour before conceding de\-feat. She led her sodden and disgruntled team back into the changing rooms, insisting that the practice had not been a waste of time, though without any real conviction in her voice. Fred and George were look\-ing particularly annoyed; both were bandy-legged and winced with every movement. Harry could hear them complaining in low voices as he toweled his hair dry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think a few of mine have ruptured,\rdblquote  said Fred in a hollow voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mine haven\rquote t,\rdblquote  said George, wincing. \ldblquote They\rquote re throbbing like mad \'85 feel bigger if anything \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote OUCH!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pressed the towel to his face, his eyes screwed tight with pain. The scar on his forehead had seared again, more painfully than in months.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s up?\rdblquote  said several voices.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry emerged from behind his towel; the changing room was blurred because he was not wearing his glasses; but he could still tell that everyone\rquote s face was turned toward him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  he muttered, \ldblquote I \emdash  poked myself in the eye, that\rquote s all. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he gave Ron a significant look and the two of them hung back as the rest of the team filed back outside, muffled in their cloaks, their hats pulled low over their ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote  said Ron, the moment that Alicia had disap\-peared through the door. \ldblquote Was it your scar?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  Looking scared, Ron strode across to the window and stared out into the rain, \ldblquote He \emdash  he can\rquote t be near us now, can he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, sinking onto a bench and rubbing his\lang3081  \lang1033 forehead. \ldblquote He\rquote s probably miles away. It hurt because \'85 he\rquote s \'85 angry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had not meant to say that at all, and heard the words as though a stranger had spoken them \emdash  yet he knew at once that they were true. He did not know how he knew it, but he did; Voldemort, wherever he was, whatever he was doing, was in a towering temper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you see him?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking horrified. \ldblquote Did you \'85 get a vision, or something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat quite still, staring at his feet, allowing his mind and his memory to relax in the aftermath of the pain. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A confused tangle of shapes, a howling rush of voices \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He wants something done, and it\rquote s not happening fast enough,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Again, he felt surprised to hear the words coming out of his mouth, and yet quite certain that they were true.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 how do you know?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shook his head and covered his eyes with his hands, pressing down upon them with his palms. Little stars erupted in them. He felt Ron sit down on the bench beside him and knew Ron was staring at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is this what it was about last time?\rdblquote  said Ron in a hushed voice. \ldblquote When your scar hurt in Umbridge\rquote s office? You-Know-Who was angry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was thinking himself back. He had been looking into Um\-bridge\rquote s face. \'85 His scar had hurt\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and he had had that odd feel\-ing in his stomach \'85 a strange, leaping feeling \'85 a \i happy\i0  feeling. \'85 But, of course, he had not recognized it for what it was, as he had been feeling so miserable himself. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Last time, it was because he was pleased,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Really pleased.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He thought\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 something good was going to happen. And the night before we came back to Hogwarts \'85\rdblquote  He thought back to the mo\-ment when his scar had hurt so badly in his and Ron\rquote s bedroom in Grimmauld Place. \ldblquote He was furious. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around at Ron, who was gaping at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You could take over from Trelawney, mate,\rdblquote  he said in an awed voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not making prophecies,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, you know what you\rquote re doing?\rdblquote  Ron said, sounding both scared and impressed. \ldblquote Harry, \i you\rquote re reading You-Know-Who\rquote s mind. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking his head. \ldblquote It\rquote s more like \'85 his mood, I suppose. I\rquote m just getting flashes of what mood he\rquote s in. \'85 Dumble\-dore said something like this was happening last year. \'85 He said that when Voldemort was near me, or when he was feeling hatred, I could tell. Well, now I\rquote m feeling it when he\rquote s pleased too. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause. The wind and rain lashed at the building.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve got to tell someone,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told Sirius last time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, tell him about this time!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t, can I?\rdblquote  said Harry grimly. \ldblquote Umbridge is watching the owls and the fires, remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well then, Dumbledore \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve just told you, he already knows,\rdblquote  said Harry shortly, getting to his feet, taking his cloak off his peg, and swinging it around himself. \ldblquote There\rquote s no point telling him again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron did up the fastening of his own cloak, watching Harry thoughtfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote d want to know,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shrugged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C\rquote mon \'85 we\rquote ve still got Silencing Charms to practice \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They hurried back through the dark grounds, sliding and stum\-bling up the muddy lawns, not talking. Harry was thinking hard.\lang3081  \lang1033 What was it that Voldemort wanted done that was not happening quickly enough?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i He\rquote s got other plans \'85 plans he can put into operation very quietly indeed\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 stuff he can only get by stealth \'85 like a weapon. Something he didn\rquote t have last time.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had not thought about those words in weeks; he had been too absorbed in what was going on at Hogwarts, too busy dwelling on the ongoing battles with Umbridge, the injustice of all the Ministry inter\-ference. \'85 But now they came back to him and made him wonder. \'85 Voldemort\rquote s anger would make sense if he was no nearer laying hands on the weapon, whatever it was. \'85 Had the Order thwarted him, stopped him from seizing it? Where was it kept? Who had it now?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Mimbulus mimbletonia,\i0\rdblquote\i  \i0 said Ron\rquote s voice and Harry came back to his senses just in time to clamber through the portrait hole into the common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It appeared that Hermione had gone to bed early, leaving Crook\-shanks curled in a nearby chair and an assortment of knobbly, knitted elf hats lying on a table by the fire. Harry was rather grateful that she was not around because he did not much want to discuss his scar hurting and have her urge him to go to Dumbledore too. Ron kept throwing him anxious glances, but Harry pulled out his Potions book and set to work to finish his essay, though he was only pretending to concentrate and, by the time that Ron said he was going to bed too, had written hardly anything.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Midnight came and went while Harry was reading and rereading a passage about the uses of scurvy-grass, lovage, and sneezewort and not taking in a word of it. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i These plantes are moste efficacious in the inflaming of the braine, and are therefore much used in Confusing and Befuddlement Draughts, where the wizard is desirous of producing hot-headedness and recklessness. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i\'85 \i0 Hermione said Sirius was becoming reckless cooped up in Grimmauld Place. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\'85 \i moste efficacious in the inflaming of the braine, and are therefore much used\lang3081  \lang1033\i0\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\'85\i  \i0 the \i Daily Prophet \i0 would think his brain was inflamed if they found out that he knew what Voldemort was feeling \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\'85 \i therefore much used in Confusing and Befuddlement Draughts\i0  \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\'85\i  \i0 confusing was the word, all right; \i why \i0 did he know what Volde\-mort was feeling? What was this weird connection between them, which Dumbledore had never been able to explain satisfactorily?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\'85 \i where the wizard is desirous\i0  \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i\'85 \i0 how he would like to sleep \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\'85 \i of producing hot-headedness\i0  \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\'85 It was warm and comfortable in his armchair before the fire, with the rain still beating heavily on the windowpanes and Crook\-shanks purring and the crackling of the flames. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The book slipped from Harry\rquote s slack grip and landed with a dull thud on the hearthrug. His head fell sideways. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was walking once more along a windowless corridor, his foot\-steps echoing in the silence. As the door at the end of the passage loomed larger his heart beat fast with excitement. \'85 If he could only open it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 enter beyond \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stretched out his hand. \'85 His fingertips were inches from it. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter, sir!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He awoke with a start. The candles had all been extinguished in the common room, but there was something moving close by.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whozair?\rdblquote  said Harry, sitting upright in his chair. The fire was al\-most extinguished, the room very dark.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby has your owl, sir!\rdblquote  said a squeaky voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby?\rdblquote  said Harry thickly, peering through the gloom toward the source of the voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dobby the house-elf was standing beside the table on which Hermione had left her half a dozen knitted hats. His large, pointed ears were now sticking out from beneath what looked like all the hats\lang3081  \lang1033 that Hermione had ever knitted; he was wearing one on top of the other, so that his head seemed elongated by two or three feet, and on the very topmost bobble sat Hedwig, hooting serenely and obviously cured.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby volunteered to return Harry Potter\rquote s owl!\rdblquote  said the elf squeakily, with a look of positive adoration on his face. \ldblquote Professor Grubbly-Plank says she is all well now, sir!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sank into a deep bow so that his pencil-like nose brushed the threadbare surface of the hearthrug and Hedwig gave an indignant hoot and fluttered onto the arm of Harry\rquote s chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks, Dobby!\rdblquote  said Harry, stroking Hedwig\rquote s head and blinking hard, trying to rid himself of the image of the door in his dream. \'85 It had been very vivid. \'85 Looking back at Dobby, he noticed that the elf was also wearing several scarves and innumerable socks, so that his feet looked far too big for his body.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85 have you been taking \i all\i0  the clothes Hermione\rquote s been leav\-ing out?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no, sir,\rdblquote  said Dobby happily, \ldblquote Dobby has been taking some for Winky too, sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, how is Winky?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dobby\rquote s ears drooped slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Winky is still drinking lots, sir,\rdblquote  he said sadly, his enormous round green eyes, large as tennis balls, downcast. \ldblquote She still does not care for clothes, Harry Potter. Nor do the other house-elves. None of them will clean Gryffindor Tower anymore, not with the hats and socks hid\-den everywhere, they finds them insulting, sir. Dobby does it all him\-self, sir, but Dobby does not mind, sir, for he always hopes to meet Harry Potter and tonight, sir, he has got his wish!\rdblquote  Dobby sank into a deep bow again. \ldblquote But Harry Potter does not seem happy,\rdblquote  Dobby went on, straightening up again and looking timidly at Harry. \ldblquote Dobby heard him muttering in his sleep. Was Harry Potter having bad dreams?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not really bad,\rdblquote  said Harry, yawning and rubbing his eyes. \ldblquote I\rquote ve had worse.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The elf surveyed Harry out of his vast, orblike eyes. Then he said very seriously, his ears drooping, \ldblquote Dobby wishes he could help Harry Potter, for Harry Potter set Dobby free and Dobby is much, much happier now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t help me, Dobby, but thanks for the offer. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He bent and picked up his Potions book. He\rquote d have to try and fin\-ish the essay tomorrow. He closed the book and as he did so the fire\-light illuminated the thin white scars on the back of his hand \emdash  the result of his detention with Umbridge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait a moment \emdash  there \i is\i0  something you can do for me, Dobby,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The elf looked around, beaming.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Name it, Harry Potter, sir!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I need to find a place where twenty-eight people can practice De\-fense Against the Dark Arts without being discovered by any of the teachers. Especially,\rdblquote  Harry clenched his hand on the book, so that the scars shone pearly white, \ldblquote Professor Umbridge.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He expected the elf\rquote s smile to vanish, his ears to droop; he expected him to say that this was impossible, or else that he would try, but his hopes were not high. \'85 What he had not expected was for Dobby to give a little skip, his ears waggling happily, and clap his hands together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby knows the perfect place, sir!\rdblquote  he said happily. \ldblquote Dobby heard tell of it from the other house-elves when he came to Hogwarts, sir. It is known by us as the Come and Go Room, sir, or else as the Room of Requirement!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  said Harry curiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because it is a room that a person can only enter,\rdblquote  said Dobby se\-riously, \ldblquote when they have real need of it. Sometimes it is there, and sometimes it is not, but when it appears, it is always equipped for the\lang3081  \lang1033 seeker\rquote s needs. Dobby has used it, sir,\rdblquote  said the elf, dropping his voice and looking guilty, \ldblquote when Winky has been very drunk. He has hidden her in the Room of Requirement and he has found antidotes to butterbeer there, and a nice elf-sized bed to settle her on while she sleeps it off, sir. \'85 And Dobby knows Mr. Filch has found extra cleaning materials there when he has run short, sir, and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and if you really needed a bathroom,\rdblquote  said Harry, suddenly re\-membering something Dumbledore had said at the Yule Ball the pre\-vious Christmas, \ldblquote would it fill itself with chamber pots?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby expects so, sir,\rdblquote  said Dobby, nodding earnestly. \ldblquote It is a most amazing room, sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How many people know about it?\rdblquote  said Harry, sitting up straighter in his chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very few, sir. Mostly people stumbles across it when they needs it, sir, but often they never finds it again, for they do not know that it is always there waiting to be called into service, sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It sounds brilliant,\rdblquote  said Harry, his heart racing. \ldblquote It sounds per\-fect, Dobby. When can you show me where it is?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anytime, Harry Potter, sir,\rdblquote  said Dobby, looking delighted at Harry\rquote s enthusiasm. \ldblquote We could go now, if you like!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a moment Harry was tempted to go now; he was halfway out of his seat, intending to hurry upstairs for his Invisibility Cloak when, not for the first time, a voice very much like Hermione\rquote s whispered in his ear: \i reckless.\i0  It was, after all, very late, he was exhausted and had Snape\rquote s essay to finish.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not tonight, Dobby,\rdblquote  said Harry reluctantly, sinking back into his chair. \ldblquote This is really important. \'85 I don\rquote t want to blow it, it\rquote ll need proper planning. \'85 Listen, can you just tell me exactly where this Room of Requirement is and how to get in there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Their robes billowed and swirled around them as they splashed across the flooded vegetable patch to double Herbology, where they could\lang3081  \lang1033 hardly hear what Professor Sprout was saying over the hammering of raindrops hard as hailstones on the greenhouse roof. The afternoon\rquote s Care of Magical Creatures lesson was to be relocated from the storm-swept grounds to a free classroom on the ground floor and, to their intense relief, Angelina sought out her team at lunch to tell them that Quidditch practice was canceled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly, when she told him, \ldblquote because we\rquote ve found somewhere to have our first Defense meeting. Tonight, eight o\rquote clock, seventh floor opposite that tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy being clubbed by those trolls. Can you tell Katie and Alicia?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked slightly taken aback but promised to tell the others; Harry returned hungrily to his sausages and mash. When he looked up to take a drink of pumpkin juice, he found Hermione watching him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  he said thickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \'85 it\rquote s just that Dobby\rquote s plans aren\rquote t always that safe. Don\rquote t you remember when he lost you all the bones in your arm?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This room isn\rquote t just some mad idea of Dobby\rquote s; Dumbledore knows about it too, he mentioned it to me at the Yule Ball.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s expression cleared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore told you about it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just in passing,\rdblquote  said Harry, shrugging.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh well, that\rquote s all right then,\rdblquote  said Hermione briskly and she raised no more objections.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Together with Ron they had spent most of the day seeking out those people who had signed their names to the list in the Hog\rquote s Head and telling them where to meet that evening. Somewhat to Harry\rquote s disappointment, it was Ginny who managed to find Cho Chang and her friend first; however, by the end of dinner he was confident that the news had been passed to every one of the twenty-five people who had turned up in the Hog\rquote s Head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At half-past seven Harry, Ron, and Hermione left the Gryffindor\lang3081  \lang1033 common room, Harry clutching a certain piece of aged parchment in his hand. Fifth years were allowed to be out in the corridors until nine o\rquote clock, but all three of them kept looking around nervously as they made their way up to the seventh floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hold it,\rdblquote  said Harry warningly, unfolding the piece of parchment at the top of the last staircase, tapping it with his wand, and mutter\-ing, \ldblquote I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A map of Hogwarts appeared upon the blank surface of the parch\-ment. Tiny black moving dots, labeled with names, showed where various people were.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Filch is on the second floor,\rdblquote  said Harry, holding the map close to his eyes and scanning it closely, \ldblquote and Mrs. Norris is on the fourth.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Umbridge?\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In her office,\rdblquote  said Harry, pointing. \ldblquote Okay, let\rquote s go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They hurried along the corridor to the place Dobby had described to Harry, a stretch of blank wall opposite an enormous tapestry de\-picting Barnabas the Barmy\rquote s foolish attempt to train trolls for the ballet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly, while a moth-eaten troll paused in his relentless clubbing of the would-be ballet teacher to watch. \ldblquote Dobby said to walk past this bit of wall three times, concentrating hard on what we need.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They did so, turning sharply at the window just beyond the blank stretch of wall, then at the man-size vase on its other side. Ron had screwed up his eyes in concentration, Hermione was whispering something under her breath, Harry\rquote s fists were clenched as he stared ahead of him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i We need somewhere to learn to fight. \'85\i0  he thought. \i Just give us a place to practice \i0\'85\i  somewhere they can\rquote t find us\i0  \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply, as they wheeled around after their third walk past.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A highly polished door had appeared in the wall. Ron was staring\lang3081  \lang1033 at it, looking slightly wary. Harry reached out, seized the brass handle, pulled open the door, and led the way into a spacious room lit with flickering torches like those that illuminated the dungeons eight floors below.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The walls were lined with wooden bookcases, and instead of chairs there were large silk cushions on the floor. A set of shelves at the far end of the room carried a range of instruments such as Sneakoscopes, Secrecy Sensors, and a large, cracked Foe-Glass that Harry was sure had hung, the previous year, in the fake Moody\rquote s office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote These will be good when we\rquote re practicing Stunning,\rdblquote  said Ron enthusiastically, prodding one of the cushions with his foot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And just look at these books!\rdblquote  said Hermione excitedly, running a finger along the spines of the large leather-bound tomes. \ldblquote\i A Com\-pendium of Common Curses and Their Counter-Actions\i0  \'85 \i The Dark Arts Outsmarted\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i Self-Defensive Spellwork\i0  \'85 wow \'85\rdblquote  She looked around at Harry, her face glowing, and he saw that the presence of hundreds of books had finally convinced Hermione that what they were doing was right. \ldblquote Harry, this is wonderful, there\rquote s everything we need here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And without further ado she slid \i Jinxes for the Jinxed\i0  from its shelf, sank onto the nearest cushion, and began to read.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a gentle knock on the door. Harry looked around; Ginny, Neville, Lavender, Parvati, and Dean had arrived.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whoa,\rdblquote  said Dean, staring around, impressed. \ldblquote What is this place?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry began to explain, but before he had finished more people had arrived, and he had to start all over again. By the time eight o\rquote clock arrived, every cushion was occupied. Harry moved across to the door and turned the key protruding from the lock; it clicked in a satisfyingly loud way and everybody fell silent, looking at him. Hermione carefully marked her page of\lang3081  \lang1033\i Jinxes\lang3081  \lang1033 for the Jinxed\i0  and set the book aside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Harry, slightly nervously. \ldblquote This is the place we\rquote ve found for practices, and you\rquote ve \emdash  er \emdash  obviously found it okay \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s fantastic!\rdblquote  said Cho, and several people murmured their agreement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s bizarre,\rdblquote  said Fred, frowning around at it. \ldblquote We once hid from Filch in here, remember, George? But it was just a broom cupboard then. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey, Harry, what\rquote s this stuff?\rdblquote  asked Dean from the rear of the room, indicating the Sneakoscopes and the Foe-Glass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dark Detectors,\rdblquote  said Harry, stepping between the cushions to reach them. \ldblquote Basically they all show when Dark wizards or enemies are around, but you don\rquote t want to rely on them too much, they can be fooled. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gazed for a moment into the cracked Foe-Glass; shadowy fig\-ures were moving around inside it, though none was recognizable. He turned his back on it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote ve been thinking about the sort of stuff we ought to do first and \emdash  er \emdash\rdblquote  He noticed a raised hand. \ldblquote What, Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we ought to elect a leader,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry\rquote s leader,\rdblquote  said Cho at once, looking at Hermione as though she were mad, and Harry\rquote s stomach did yet another back flip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but I think we ought to vote on it properly,\rdblquote  said Hermione, unperturbed. \ldblquote It makes it formal and it gives him authority. So \emdash  everyone who thinks Harry ought to be our leader?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everybody put up their hands, even Zacharias Smith, though he did it very halfheartedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  right, thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, who could feel his face burning. \ldblquote And \emdash  \i what,\i0  Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I also think we ought to have a name,\rdblquote  she said brightly, her hand still in the air. \ldblquote It would promote a feeling of team spirit and unity, don\rquote t you think?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can we be the Anti-Umbridge League?\rdblquote  said Angelina hopefully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or the Ministry of Magic Are Morons Group?\rdblquote  suggested Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was thinking,\rdblquote  said Hermione, frowning at Fred, \ldblquote more of a name that didn\rquote t tell everyone what we were up to, so we can refer to it safely outside meetings.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Defense Association?\rdblquote  said Cho. \ldblquote The D.A. for short, so no\-body knows what we\rquote re talking about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, the D.A.\rquote s good,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote Only let\rquote s make it stand for Dumbledore\rquote s Army because that\rquote s the Ministry\rquote s worst fear, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a good deal of appreciative murmuring and laughter at this.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All in favor of the D.A.?\rdblquote  said Hermione bossily, kneeling up on her cushion to count. \ldblquote That\rquote s a majority \emdash  motion passed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She pinned the piece of paper with all of their names on it on the wall and wrote DUMBLEDORE\rquote S ARMY across the top in large letters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry, when she had sat down again, \ldblquote shall we get practicing then? I was thinking, the first thing we should do is \i Expel\-liarmus,\i0  you know, the Disarming Charm. I know it\rquote s pretty basic but I\rquote ve found it really useful \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \i please,\i0\rdblquote  said Zacharias Smith, rolling his eyes and folding his arms. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think \i Expelliarmus\i0  is exactly going to help us against You-Know-Who, do you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve used it against him,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly. \ldblquote It saved my life last June.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Smith opened his mouth stupidly. The rest of the room was very quiet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if you think it\rquote s beneath you, you can leave,\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Smith did not move. Nor did anybody else.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, his mouth slightly drier than usual with all those eyes upon him, \ldblquote I reckon we should all divide into pairs and practice.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It felt very odd to be issuing instructions, but not nearly as odd as\lang3081  \lang1033 seeing them followed. Everybody got to their feet at once and divided up. Predictably, Neville was left partnerless.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can practice with me,\rdblquote  Harry told him. \ldblquote Right \emdash  on the count of three, then \emdash  one, two, three \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The room was suddenly full of shouts of \ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote : Wands flew in all directions, missed spells hit books on shelves and sent them flying into the air. Harry was too quick for Neville, whose wand went spinning out of his hand, hit the ceiling in a shower of sparks, and landed with a clatter on top of a bookshelf, from which Harry re\-trieved it with a Summoning Charm. Glancing around he thought he had been right to suggest that they practice the basics first; there was a lot of shoddy spellwork going on; many people were not succeeding in disarming their opponents at all, but merely causing them to jump backward a few paces or wince as the feeble spell whooshed over them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote  said Neville, and Harry, caught unawares, felt his wand fly out of his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I DID IT!\rdblquote  said Neville gleefully. \ldblquote I\rquote ve never done it before \emdash  I DID IT!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good one!\rdblquote  said Harry encouragingly, deciding not to point out that in a real duel situation Neville\rquote s opponent was unlikely to be star\-ing in the opposite direction with his wand held loosely at his side. \ldblquote Listen, Neville, can you take it in turns to practice with Ron and Hermione for a couple of minutes so I can walk around and see how the rest are doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry moved off into the middle of the room. Something very odd was happening to Zacharias Smith; every time he opened his mouth to disarm Anthony Goldstein, his own wand would fly out of his hand, yet Anthony did not seem to be making a sound. Harry did not have to look far for the solution of the mystery, however; Fred and George were several feet from Smith and taking it in turns to point their wands at his back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry, Harry,\rdblquote  said George hastily, when Harry caught his eye. \ldblquote Couldn\rquote t resist\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry walked around the other pairs, trying to correct those who were doing the spell wrong. Ginny was teamed with Michael Corner; she was doing very well, whereas Michael was either very bad or un\-willing to jinx her. Ernie Macmillan was flourishing his wand unnec\-essarily, giving his partner time to get in under his guard; the Creevey brothers were enthusiastic but erratic and mainly responsible for all the books leaping off the shelves around them. Luna Lovegood was similarly patchy, occasionally sending Justin Finch-Fletchley\rquote s wand spinning out of his hand, at other times merely causing his hair to stand on end.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, stop!\rdblquote  Harry shouted. \ldblquote\i Stop\i0 ! \i STOP\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I need a whistle,\i0  he thought, and immediately spotted one lying on top of the nearest row of books. He caught it up and blew hard. Every\-one lowered their wands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That wasn\rquote t bad,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but there\rquote s definite room for im\-provement.\rdblquote  Zacharias Smith glared at him. \ldblquote Let\rquote s try again. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He moved off around the room again, stopping here and there to make suggestions. Slowly the general performance improved. He avoided going near Cho and her friend for a while, but after walking twice around every other pair in the room felt he could not ignore them any longer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no,\rdblquote  said Cho rather wildly as he approached. \ldblquote\i Expelliarmious\i0 ! I mean, \i Expellimellius\i0 ! I \emdash  oh, sorry, Marietta!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her curly-haired friend\rquote s sleeve had caught fire; Marietta extin\-guished it with her own wand and glared at Harry as though it was his fault.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You made me nervous, I was doing all right before then!\rdblquote  Cho told Harry ruefully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was quite good,\rdblquote  Harry lied, but when she raised her eyebrows he said, \ldblquote Well, no, it was lousy, but I know you can do it prop\-erly, I was watching from over there. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She laughed. Her friend Marietta looked at them rather sourly and turned away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t mind her,\rdblquote  Cho muttered. \ldblquote She doesn\rquote t really want to be here but I made her come with me. Her parents have forbidden her to do anything that might upset Umbridge, you see \emdash  her mum works for the Ministry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about your parents?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, they\rquote ve forbidden me to get on the wrong side of Umbridge too,\rdblquote  said Cho, drawing herself up proudly. \ldblquote But if they think I\rquote m not going to fight You-Know-Who after what happened to Cedric \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She broke off, looking rather confused, and an awkward silence fell between them; Terry Boot\rquote s wand went whizzing past Harry\rquote s ear and hit Alicia Spinnet hard on the nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, my father is \i very\i0  supportive of any anti-Ministry action!\rdblquote  said Luna Lovegood proudly from just behind Harry; evidently she had been eavesdropping on his conversation while Justin Finch-Fletchley attempted to disentangle himself from the robes that had flown up over his head. \ldblquote He\rquote s always saying he\rquote d believe anything of Fudge, I mean, the number of goblins Fudge has had assassinated! And of course he uses the Department of Mysteries to develop terrible poisons, which he feeds secretly to anybody who disagrees with him. And then there\rquote s his Umgubular Slashkilter \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t ask,\rdblquote  Harry muttered to Cho as she opened her mouth, looking puzzled. She giggled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey, Harry,\rdblquote  Hermione called from the other end of the room, \ldblquote have you checked the time?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked down at his watch and received a shock \emdash  it was al\-ready ten past nine, which meant they needed to get back to their common rooms immediately or risk being caught and punished by\lang3081  \lang1033 Filch for being out-of-bounds. He blew his whistle; everybody stopped shouting, \ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote  and the last couple of wands clat\-tered to the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that was pretty good,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but we\rquote ve overrun, we\rquote d better leave it here. Same time, same place next week?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sooner!\rdblquote  said Dean Thomas eagerly and many people nodded in agreement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Angelina, however, said quickly, \ldblquote The Quidditch season\rquote s about to start, we need team practices too!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s say next Wednesday night, then,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote and we can decide on additional meetings then. \'85 Come on, we\rquote d better get going. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled out the Marauder\rquote s Map again and checked it carefully for signs of teachers on the seventh floor. He let them all leave in threes and fours, watching their tiny dots anxiously to see that they re\-turned safely to their dormitories: the Hufflepuffs to the basement corridor that also led to the kitchens, the Ravenclaws to a tower on the west side of the castle, and the Gryffindors along the corridor to the seventh floor and the Fat Lady\rquote s portrait.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was really, really good, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, when finally it was just her, Harry, and Ron left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it was!\rdblquote  said Ron enthusiastically, as they slipped out of the door and watched it melt back into stone behind them. \ldblquote Did you see me disarm Hermione, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only once,\rdblquote  said Hermione, stung. \ldblquote I got you loads more than you got me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did not only get you once, I got you at least three times \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, if you\rquote re counting the one where you tripped over your own feet and knocked the wand out of my hand \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They argued all the way back to the common room, but Harry was not listening to them. He had one eye on the Marauder\rquote s Map, but he was also thinking of how Cho had said he made her nervous. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 19\par
\pard\qc The Lion and The Serpent\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry felt as though he were carrying some kind of talisman inside his chest over the following two weeks, a glowing se\-cret that supported him through Umbridge\rquote s classes and even made it possible for him to smile blandly as he looked into her horrible bulging eyes. He and the D.A. were resisting her under her very nose, doing the very thing that she and the Ministry most feared, and when\-ever he was supposed to be reading Wilbert Slinkhard\rquote s book during her lessons he dwelled instead on satisfying memories of their most re\-cent meetings, remembering how Neville had successfully disarmed Hermione, how Colin Creevey had mastered the Impediment Jinx af\-ter three meetings\rquote  hard effort, how Parvati Patil had produced such a good Reductor Curse that she had reduced the table carrying all the Sneakoscopes to dust.\par
He was finding it almost impossible to fix a regular night of the week for D.A. meetings, as they had to accommodate three separate Quidditch teams\rquote  practices, which were often rearranged depending on the weather conditions; but Harry was not sorry about this, he had a feeling that it was probably better to keep the timing of their meetings\lang3081  \lang1033 unpredictable. If anyone was watching them, it would be hard to make out a pattern.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione soon devised a very clever method of communicating the time and date of the next meeting to all the members in case they needed to change it at short notice, because it would look so suspi\-cious if people from different Houses were seen crossing the Great Hall to talk to each other too often. She gave each of the members of the D.A. a fake Galleon (Ron became very excited when he saw the basket at first, convinced that she was actually giving out gold).\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You see the numerals around the edge of the coins?\rdblquote  Hermione said, holding one up for examination at the end of their fourth meet\-ing. The coin gleamed fat and yellow in the light from the torches. \ldblquote On real Galleons that\rquote s just a serial number referring to the goblin who cast the coin. On these fake coins, though, the numbers will change to reflect the time and date of the next meeting. The coins will grow hot when the date changes, so if you\rquote re carrying them in a pocket you\rquote ll be able to feel them. We take one each, and when Harry sets the date of the next meeting he\rquote ll change the numbers on \i his\i0  coin, and be\-cause I\rquote ve put a Protean Charm on them, they\rquote ll all change to mimic his.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A blank silence greeted Hermione\rquote s words. She looked around at all the faces upturned to her, rather disconcerted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  I thought it was a good idea,\rdblquote  she said uncertainly, \ldblquote I mean, even if Umbridge asked us to turn out our pockets, there\rquote s nothing fishy about carrying a Galleon, is there? But\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well, if you don\rquote t want to use them \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can do a Protean Charm?\rdblquote  said Terry Boot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But that\rquote s \'85 that\rquote s N.E.W.T. standard, that is,\rdblquote  he said weakly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Hermione, trying to look modest. \ldblquote Oh \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 yes, I suppose it is. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come you\rquote re not in Ravenclaw?\rdblquote  he demanded, staring at Hermione with something close to wonder. \ldblquote With brains like yours?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, the Sorting Hat did seriously consider putting me in Raven\-claw during my Sorting,\rdblquote  said Hermione brightly, \ldblquote but it decided on Gryffindor in the end. So does that mean we\rquote re using the Galleons?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a murmur of assent and everybody moved forward to collect one from the basket. Harry looked sideways at Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what these remind me of?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, what\rquote s that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Death Eaters\rquote  scars. Voldemort touches one of them, and all their scars burn, and they know they\rquote ve got to join him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly. \ldblquote That \i is \i0 where I got the idea \'85 but you\rquote ll notice I decided to engrave the date on bits of metal rather than on our members\rquote  skin. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 I prefer your way,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning, as he slipped his Galleon into his pocket. \ldblquote I suppose the only danger with these is that we might accidentally spend them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fat chance,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was examining his own fake Galleon with a slightly mournful air. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t got any real Galleons to con\-fuse it with.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As the first Quidditch match of the season, Gryffindor versus Slytherin, drew nearer, their D.A. meetings were put on hold because Angelina insisted on almost daily practices. The fact that the Quid\-ditch Cup had not been held for so long added considerably to the in\-terest and excitement surrounding the forthcoming game. The Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs were taking a lively interest in the out\-come, for they, of course, would be playing both teams over the com\-ing year; and the Heads of House of the competing teams, though they attempted to disguise it under a decent pretense of sportsman\-ship, were determined to see their side\rquote s victory. Harry realized how much Professor McGonagall cared about beating Slytherin when she\lang3081  \lang1033 abstained from giving them homework in the week leading up to the match.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think you\rquote ve got enough to be getting on with at the moment,\rdblquote  she said loftily. Nobody could quite believe their ears until she looked directly at Harry and Ron and said grimly, \ldblquote I\rquote ve become accustomed to seeing the Quidditch Cup in my study, boys, and I really don\rquote t want to have to hand it over to Professor Snape, so use the extra time to practice, won\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape was no less obviously partisan: He had booked the Quid\-ditch pitch for Slytherin practice so often that the Gryffindors had difficulty getting on it to play. He was also turning a deaf ear to the many reports of Slytherin attempts to hex Gryffindor players in the corridors. When Alicia Spinnet turned up in the hospital wing with her eyebrows growing so thick and fast that they obscured her vision and obstructed her mouth, Snape insisted that she must have at\-tempted a Hair-Thickening Charm on herself and refused to listen to the fourteen eyewitnesses who insisted that they had seen the Slytherin Keeper, Miles Bletchley, hit her from behind with a jinx while she worked in the library.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt optimistic about Gryffindor\rquote s chances; they had, after all, never lost to Malfoy\rquote s team. Admittedly Ron was still not performing to Wood\rquote s standard, but he was working extremely hard to improve. His greatest weakness was a tendency to lose confidence when he made a blunder; if he let in one goal he became flustered and was therefore likely to miss more. On the other hand, Harry had seen Ron make some truly spectacular saves when he was on form: During one memorable practice, he had hung one-handed from his broom and kicked the Quaffle so hard away from the goal hoop that it soared the length of the pitch and through the center hoop at the other end. The rest of the team felt this save compared favorably with one made re\-cently by Barry Ryan, the Irish International Keeper, against Poland\rquote s top Chaser, Ladislaw Zamojski. Even Fred had said that Ron might\lang3081  \lang1033 yet make him and George proud, and that they were seriously consid\-ering admitting that he was related to them, something he assured Ron they had been trying to deny for four years.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The only thing really worrying Harry was how much Ron was al\-lowing the tactics of the Slytherin team to upset him before they even got onto the pitch. Harry, of course, had endured their snide com\-ments for more than four years, so whispers of, \ldblquote Hey, Potty, I heard Warrington\rquote s sworn to knock you off your broom on Saturday,\rdblquote  far from chilling his blood, made him laugh. \ldblquote Warrington\rquote s aim\rquote s so pa\-thetic I\rquote d be more worried if he was aiming for the person next to me,\rdblquote  he retorted, which made Ron and Hermione laugh and wiped the smirk off Pansy Parkinson\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ron had never endured a relentless campaign of insults, jeers, and intimidation. When Slytherins, some of them seventh years and consid\-erably larger than he was, muttered as they passed in the corridors, \ldblquote Got your bed booked in the hospital wing, Weasley?\rdblquote  he did not laugh, but turned a delicate shade of green. When Draco Malfoy imitated Ron dropping the Quaffle (which he did whenever they were within sight of each other), Ron\rquote s ears glowed red and his hands shook so badly that he was likely to drop whatever he was holding at the time too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 October extinguished itself in a rush of howling winds and driving rain and November arrived, cold as frozen iron, with hard frosts every morning and icy drafts that bit at exposed hands and faces. The skies and the ceiling of the Great Hall turned a pale, pearly gray, the moun\-tains around Hogwarts became snowcapped, and the temperature in the castle dropped so far that many students wore their thick protec\-tive dragon skin gloves in the corridors between lessons.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The morning of the match dawned bright and cold. When Harry awoke he looked around at Ron\rquote s bed and saw him sitting bolt up\-right, his arms around his knees, staring fixedly into space.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You all right?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron nodded but did not speak. Harry was reminded forcibly of the\lang3081  \lang1033 time that Ron had accidentally put a slug-vomiting charm on himself. He looked just as pale and sweaty as he had done then, not to men\-tion as reluctant to open his mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You just need some breakfast,\rdblquote  Harry said bracingly. \ldblquote C\rquote mon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Great Hall was filling up fast when they arrived, the talk louder and the mood more exuberant than usual. As they passed the Slytherin table there was an upsurge of noise; Harry looked around and saw that nearly everyone there was wearing, in addition to the usual green-and-silver scarves and hats, silver badges in the shape of what seemed to be crowns. For some reason many of them waved at Ron, laughing uproariously. Harry tried to see what was written on the badges as he walked by, but he was too concerned to get Ron past their table quickly to linger long enough to read them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They received a rousing welcome at the Gryffindor table, where everyone was wearing red and gold, but far from raising Ron\rquote s spirits the cheers seemed to sap the last of his morale; he collapsed onto the nearest bench looking as though he were facing his final meal.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I must\rquote ve been mental to do this,\rdblquote  he said in a croaky whisper. \ldblquote\i Mental.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be thick,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly, passing him a choice of cereals. \ldblquote You\rquote re going to be fine. It\rquote s normal to be nervous.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m rubbish,\rdblquote  croaked Ron. \ldblquote I\rquote m lousy. I can\rquote t play to save my life. What was I thinking?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get a grip,\rdblquote  said Harry sternly. \ldblquote Look at that save you made with your foot the other day, even Fred and George said it was brilliant \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron turned a tortured face to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was an accident,\rdblquote  he whispered miserably. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean to do it \emdash  I slipped off my broom when none of you were looking and I was trying to get back on and I kicked the Quaffle by accident.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Harry, recovering quickly from this unpleasant sur\-prise, \ldblquote a few more accidents like that and the game\rquote s in the bag, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione and Ginny sat down opposite them wearing red-and-gold scarves, gloves, and rosettes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote re you feeling?\rdblquote  Ginny asked Ron, who was now staring into the dregs of milk at the bottom of his empty cereal bowl as though se\-riously considering attempting to drown himself in them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s just nervous,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s a good sign, I never feel you perform as well in exams if you\rquote re not a bit nervous,\rdblquote  said Hermione heartily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  said a vague and dreamy voice from behind them. Harry looked up: Luna Lovegood had drifted over from the Ravenclaw table. Many people were staring at her and a few openly laughing and point\-ing; she had managed to procure a hat shaped like a life-size lion\rquote s head, which was perched precariously on her head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m supporting Gryffindor,\rdblquote  said Luna, pointing unnecessarily at her hat. \ldblquote Look what it does. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She reached up and tapped the hat with her wand. It opened its mouth wide and gave an extremely realistic roar that made everyone in the vicinity jump.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s good, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Luna happily. \ldblquote I wanted to have it chewing up a serpent to represent Slytherin, you know, but there wasn\rquote t time. Anyway \'85 good luck, Ronald!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She drifted away. They had not quite recovered from the shock of Luna\rquote s hat before Angelina came hurrying toward them, accompanied by Katie and Alicia, whose eyebrows had mercifully been returned to normal by Madam Pomfrey.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When you\rquote re ready,\rdblquote  she said, \ldblquote we\rquote re going to go straight down to the pitch, check out conditions and change.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll be there in a bit,\rdblquote  Harry assured her. \ldblquote Ron\rquote s just got to have some breakfast.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It became clear after ten minutes, however, that Ron was not capa\-ble of eating anything more and Harry thought it best to get him\lang3081  \lang1033 down to the changing rooms. As they rose from the table, Hermione got up too, and taking Harry\rquote s arm, she drew him to one side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t let Ron see what\rquote s on those Slytherins\rquote  badges,\rdblquote  she whis\-pered urgently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked questioningly at her, but she shook her head warn\-ingly; Ron had just ambled over to them, looking lost and desperate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good luck, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione, standing on tiptoe and kissing him on the cheek. \ldblquote And you, Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron seemed to come to himself slightly as they walked back across the Great Hall. He touched the spot on his face where Hermione had kissed him, looking puzzled, as though he was not quite sure what had just happened. He seemed too distracted to notice much around him, but Harry cast a curious glance at the crown-shaped badges as they passed the Slytherin table, and this time he made out the words etched onto them:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc WEASLEY\par
\fs20 IS OUR KING\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
With an unpleasant feeling that this could mean nothing good, he hurried Ron across the entrance hall, down the stone steps, and out into the icy air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The frosty grass crunched under their feet as they hurried down the sloping lawns toward the stadium. There was no wind at all and the sky was a uniform pearly white, which meant that visibility would be good without the drawback of direct sunlight in the eyes. Harry pointed out these encouraging factors to Ron as they walked, but he was not sure that Ron was listening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Angelina had changed already and was talking to the rest of the team when they entered. Harry and Ron pulled on their robes (Ron attempted to do his up back-to-front for several minutes before Alicia\lang3081  \lang1033 took pity on him and went to help) and then sat down to listen to the pre-match talk while the babble of voices outside grew steadily louder as the crowd came pouring out of the castle toward the pitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, I\rquote ve only just found out the final lineup for Slytherin,\rdblquote  said Angelina, consulting a piece of parchment. \ldblquote Last year\rquote s Beaters, Der\-rick and Bole, have left now, but it looks as though Montague\rquote s re\-placed them with the usual gorillas, rather than anyone who can fly particularly well. They\rquote re two blokes called Crabbe and Goyle, I don\rquote t know much about them \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We do,\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, they don\rquote t look bright enough to tell one end of a broom from another,\rdblquote  said Angelina, pocketing her parchment, \ldblquote but then I was always surprised Derrick and Bole managed to find their way onto the pitch without signposts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Crabbe and Goyle are in the same mold,\rdblquote  Harry assured her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They could hear hundreds of footsteps mounting the banked benches of the spectators\rquote  stands now. Some people were singing, though Harry could not make out the words. He was starting to feel nervous, but he knew his butterflies were as nothing to Ron\rquote s, who was clutching his stomach and staring straight ahead again, his jaw set and his complexion pale gray.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s time,\rdblquote  said Angelina in a hushed voice, looking at her watch. \ldblquote C\rquote mon everyone \'85 good luck.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The team rose, shouldered their brooms, and marched in single file out of the changing room and into the dazzling sunlight. A roar of sound greeted them in which Harry could still hear singing, though it was muffled by the cheers and whistles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Slytherin team were standing waiting for them. They too were wearing those silver crown-shaped badges. The new captain, Mon\-tague, was built along the same lines as Dudley, with massive forearms like hairy hams. Behind him lurked Crabbe and Goyle, almost as large, blinking stupidly in the sunlight, swinging their new Beaters\rquote\lang3081  \lang1033 bats. Malfoy stood to one side, the sunlight gleaming on his white-blond head. He caught Harry\rquote s eye and smirked, tapping the crown-shaped badge on his chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Captains shake hands,\rdblquote  ordered the umpire, Madam Hooch, as Angelina and Montague reached each other. Harry could tell that Montague was trying to crush Angelina\rquote s fingers, though she did not wince. \ldblquote Mount your brooms. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Hooch placed her whistle in her mouth and blew.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The balls were released and the fourteen players shot upward; out of the corner of his eye Harry saw Ron streak off toward the goal hoops. He zoomed higher, dodging a Bludger, and set off on a wide lap of the pitch, gazing around for a glint of gold; on the other side of the stadium, Draco Malfoy was doing exactly the same.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And it\rquote s Johnson, Johnson with the Quaffle, what a player that girl is, I\rquote ve been saying it for years but she still won\rquote t go out with me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote JORDAN!\rdblquote  yelled Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just a fun fact, Professor, adds a bit of interest \emdash  and she\rquote s ducked Warrington, she\rquote s passed Montague, she\rquote s \emdash  ouch \emdash  been hit from behind by a Bludger from Crabbe. \'85 Montague catches the Quaffle, Montague heading back up the pitch and \emdash  nice Bludger there from George Weasley, that\rquote s a Bludger to the head for Montague, he drops the Quaffle, caught by Katie Bell, Katie Bell of Gryffindor reverse passes to Alicia Spinnet and Spinnet\rquote s away \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lee Jordan\rquote s commentary rang through the stadium and Harry lis\-tened as hard as he could through the wind whistling in his ears and the din of the crowd, all yelling and booing and singing \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  dodges Warrington, avoids a Bludger \emdash  close call, Alicia \emdash  and the crowd are loving this, just listen to them, what\rquote s that they\rquote re singing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And as Lee paused to listen the song rose loud and clear from the sea of green and silver in the Slytherin section of the stands:\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Weasley cannot save a thing,\par
He cannot block a single ring,\par
That\rquote s why Slytherins all sing:\par
Weasley is our King.\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033\i Weasley was born in a bin,\par
He always lets the Quaffle in,\par
Weasley will make sure we win,\par
Weasley is our King.\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and Alicia passes back to Angelina!\rdblquote  Lee shouted, and as Harry swerved, his insides boiling at what he had just heard, he knew Lee was trying to drown out the sound of the singing. \ldblquote Come on now, Angelina \emdash  looks like she\rquote s got just the Keeper to beat! \emdash  SHE SHOOTS \emdash  SHE \emdash  aaaah \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bletchley, the Slytherin Keeper, had saved the goal; he threw the Quaffle to Warrington who sped off with it, zigzagging in between Alicia and Katie; the singing from below grew louder and louder as he drew nearer and nearer Ron \emdash\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Weasley is our King,\par
Weasley is our King,\par
He always lets the Quaffle in,\par
Weasley is our King.\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry could not help himself: Abandoning his search for the Snitch, he turned his Firebolt toward Ron, a lone figure at the far end of the pitch, hovering before the three goal hoops while the massive War\-rington pelted toward him \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and it\rquote s Warrington with the Quaffle, Warrington heading for goal, he\rquote s out of Bludger range with just the Keeper ahead \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A great swell of song rose from the Slytherin stands below:\par
\par
\i Weasley cannot save a thing,\par
He cannot block a single ring\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  so it\rquote s the first test for new Gryffindor Keeper, Weasley, brother of Beaters, Fred and George, and a promising new talent on the team \emdash  come on, Ron!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the scream of delight came from the Slytherin end: Ron had dived wildly, his arms wide, and the Quaffle had soared between them, straight through Ron\rquote s central hoop.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Slytherin score!\rdblquote  came Lee\rquote s voice amid the cheering and booing from the crowds below. \ldblquote So that\rquote s ten-nil to Slytherin \emdash  bad luck, Ron \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Slytherins sang even louder:\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i WEASLEY\lang3081  \lang1033 WAS BORN IN A BIN,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i HE ALWAYS LETS THE QUAFFLE IN\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and Gryffindor back in possession and it\rquote s Katie Bell tanking up the pitch \emdash\rdblquote  cried Lee valiantly, though the singing was now so deafening that he could hardly make himself heard above it.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i WEASLEY\lang3081  \lang1033 WILL MAKE SURE WE WIN,\par
WEASLEY\lang3081  \lang1033 IS OUR KING\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?\rdblquote  screamed Angelina, soaring past him to keep up with Katie. \ldblquote GET GOING!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry realized that he had been stationary in midair for more than a minute, watching the progress of the match without sparing a thought for the whereabouts of the Snitch; horrified, he went into a dive and started circling the pitch again, staring around, trying to ig\-nore the chorus now thundering through the stadium:\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i WEASLEY\lang3081  \lang1033 IS OUR KING,\par
WEASLEY\lang3081  \lang1033 IS OUR KING\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 There was no sign of the Snitch anywhere he looked; Malfoy was still circling the stadium just like Harry. They passed midway around the pitch going in opposite directions and Harry heard Malfoy singing loudly,\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i WEASLEY\lang3081  \lang1033 WAS BORN IN A BIN\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and it\rquote s Warrington again,\rdblquote  bellowed Lee, \ldblquote who passes to Pucey, Pucey\rquote s off past Spinnet, come on now Angelina, you can take him \emdash  turns out you can\rquote t \emdash  but nice Bludger from Fred Weasley, I mean, George Weasley, oh who cares, one of them anyway, and Warrington drops the Quaffle and Katie Bell \emdash  er \emdash  drops it too \emdash  so that\rquote s Montague with the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Montague takes the Quaffle, and he\rquote s off up the pitch, come on now Gryffindor, block him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry zoomed around the end of the stadium behind the Slytherin goal hoops, willing himself not to look at what was going on at Ron\rquote s end; as he sped past the Slytherin Keeper, he heard Bletchley singing along with the crowd below,\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i WEASLEY CANNOT SAVE A THING\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and Pucey\rquote s dodged Alicia again, and he\rquote s heading straight for goal, stop it, Ron!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not have to look to see what had happened: There was a terrible groan from the Gryffindor end, coupled with fresh screams and applause from the Slytherins. Looking down, Harry saw the pug-faced Pansy Parkinson right at the front of the stands, her back to the pitch as she conducted the Slytherin supporters who were roaring:\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i THAT\rquote S WHY\lang3081  \lang1033 SLYTHERINS ALL SING:\par
WEASLEY\lang3081  \lang1033 IS OUR KING.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\par
But twenty-nil was nothing, there was still time for Gryffindor to catch up or catch the Snitch, a few goals and they would be in the lead as usual, Harry assured himself, bobbing and weaving through the other players in pursuit of something shiny that turned out to be Montague\rquote s watch strap. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ron let in two more goals. There was an edge of panic in Harry\rquote s desire to find the Snitch now. If he could just get it soon and finish the game quickly \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and Katie Bell of Gryffindor dodges Pucey, ducks Montague, nice swerve, Katie, and she throws to Johnson, Angelina Johnson takes the Quaffle, she\rquote s past Warrington, she\rquote s heading for goal, come on now Angelina \emdash  GRYFFINDOR SCORE! It\rquote s forty-ten, forty-ten to Slytherin and Pucey has the Quaffle. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could hear Luna\rquote s ludicrous lion hat roaring amidst the Gryffindor cheers and felt heartened; only thirty points in it, that was nothing, they could pull back easily. Harry ducked a Bludger that Crabbe had sent rocketing in his direction and resumed his frantic scouring of the pitch for the Snitch, keeping one eye on Malfoy in case he showed signs of having spotted it, but Malfoy, like him, was continuing to soar around the stadium, searching fruitlessly \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  Pucey throws to Warrington, Warrington to Montague, Mon\-tague back to Pucey \emdash  Johnson intervenes, Johnson takes the Quaf\-fle, Johnson to Bell, this looks good \emdash  I mean bad \emdash  Bell\rquote s hit by a Bludger from Goyle of Slytherin and it\rquote s Pucey in possession again \'85\rdblquote\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i WEASLEY\lang3081  \lang1033 WAS BORN\lang3081  I\lang1033 N\lang3081  \lang1033 A BIN,\par
HE ALWAYS LETS THE QUAFFLE IN,\par
WEASLEY\lang3081  \lang1033 WILL MAKE SURE WE WIN\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\par
But Harry had seen it at last: The tiny fluttering Golden Snitch was hovering feet from the ground at the Slytherin end of the pitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He dived. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In a matter of seconds, Malfoy was streaking out of the sky on Harry\rquote s left, a green-and-silver blur lying flat on his broom. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Snitch skirted the foot of one of the goal hoops and scooted off toward the other side of the stands; its change of direction suited Mal\-foy, who was nearer. Harry pulled his Firebolt around, he and Malfoy were now neck and neck \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Feet from the ground, Harry lifted his right hand from his broom, stretching toward the Snitch \'85 to his right, Malfoy\rquote s arm extended too, reaching, groping \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was over in two breathless, desperate, windswept seconds \emdash  Harry\rquote s fingers closed around the tiny, struggling ball \emdash  Malfoy\rquote s fin\-gernails scrabbled the back of Harry\rquote s hand hopelessly \emdash  Harry pulled his broom upward, holding the struggling ball in his hand and the Gryffindor spectators screamed their approval. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were saved, it did not matter that Ron had let in those goals, nobody would remember as long as Gryffindor had won \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i WHAM\i0 !\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A Bludger hit Harry squarely in the small of the back and he flew forward off his broom; luckily he was only five or six feet above the ground, having dived so low to catch the Snitch, but he was winded all the same as he landed flat on his back on the frozen pitch. He heard Madam Hooch\rquote s shrill whistle, an uproar in the stands compounded of catcalls, angry yells and jeering, a thud, then Angelina\rquote s frantic voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course I am,\rdblquote  said Harry grimly, taking her hand and allowing her to pull him to his feet. Madam Hooch was zooming toward one of the Slytherin players above him, though he could not see who it was at this angle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was that thug, Crabbe,\rdblquote  said Angelina angrily. \ldblquote He whacked the Bludger at you the moment he saw you\rquote d got the Snitch \emdash  but we won, Harry, we won!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry heard a snort from behind him and turned around, still holding the Snitch tightly in his hand: Draco Malfoy had landed close by; white-faced with fury, he was still managing to sneer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Saved Weasley\rquote s neck, haven\rquote t you?\rdblquote  he said to Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote ve never seen a worse Keeper \'85 but then he was \i born in a bin. \'85\i0  Did you like my lyrics, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer; he turned away to meet the rest of the team who were now landing one by one, yelling and punching the air in tri\-umph, all except Ron, who had dismounted from his broom over by the goalposts and was making his way slowly back to the changing rooms alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We wanted to write another couple of verses!\rdblquote  Malfoy called, as Katie and Alicia hugged Harry. \ldblquote But we couldn\rquote t find rhymes for fat and ugly \emdash  we wanted to sing about his mother, see \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Talk about sour grapes,\rdblquote  said Angelina, casting Malfoy a disgusted look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  we couldn\rquote t fit in \i useless loser\i0  either \emdash  for his father, you know \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George had realized what Malfoy was talking about. Halfway through shaking Harry\rquote s hand they stiffened, looking around at Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Leave it,\rdblquote  said Angelina at once, taking Fred by the arm. \ldblquote Leave it, Fred, let him yell, he\rquote s just sore he lost, the jumped-up little \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  but you like the Weasleys, don\rquote t you, Potter?\rdblquote  said Malfoy, sneering. \ldblquote Spend holidays there and everything, don\rquote t you? Can\rquote t see how you stand the stink, but I suppose when you\rquote ve been dragged up by Muggles even the Weasleys\rquote  hovel smells okay \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry grabbed hold of George; meanwhile it was taking the com\-bined efforts of Angelina, Alicia, and Katie to stop Fred leaping on\lang3081  \lang1033 Malfoy, who was laughing openly. Harry looked around for Madam Hooch, but she was still berating Crabbe for his illegal Bludger attack.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or perhaps,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, leering as he backed away, \ldblquote you can re\-member what \i your\i0  mother\rquote s house stank like, Potter, and Weasley\rquote s pigsty reminds you of it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was not aware of releasing George, all he knew was that a second later both of them were sprinting at Malfoy. He had com\-pletely forgotten the fact that all the teachers were watching: All he wanted to do was cause Malfoy as much pain as possible. With no time to draw out his wand, he merely drew back the fist clutching the Snitch and sank it as hard as he could into Malfoy\rquote s stomach \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! HARRY! GEORGE! \i NO\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could hear girls\rquote  voices screaming, Malfoy yelling, George swearing, a whistle blowing, and the bellowing of the crowd around him, but he did not care, not until somebody in the vicinity yelled \ldblquote\i IMPEDIMENTA\i0 !\rdblquote\i  \i0 and only when he was knocked over backward by the force of the spell did he abandon the attempt to punch every inch of Malfoy he could reach. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you think you\rquote re doing?\rdblquote  screamed Madam Hooch, as Harry leapt to his feet again; it was she who had hit him with the Im\-pediment Jinx. She was holding her whistle in one hand and a wand in the other, her broom lay abandoned several feet away. Malfoy was curled up on the ground, whimpering and moaning, his nose bloody; George was sporting a swollen lip; Fred was still being forcibly re\-strained by the three Chasers, and Crabbe was cackling in the back\-ground. \ldblquote I\rquote ve never seen behavior like it \emdash  back up to the castle, both of you, and straight to your Head of House\rquote s office! Go! \i Now\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and George marched off the pitch, both panting, neither say\-ing a word to each other. The howling and jeering of the crowd grew fainter and fainter until they reached the entrance hall, where they could hear nothing except the sound of their own footsteps. Harry be\-came aware that something was still struggling in his right hand, the\lang3081  \lang1033 knuckles of which he had bruised against Malfoy\rquote s jaw; looking down he saw the Snitch\rquote s silver wings protruding from between his fingers, struggling for release.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had barely reached the door of Professor McGonagall\rquote s office when she came marching along the corridor behind them. She was wearing a Gryffindor scarf, but tore it from her throat with shaking hands as she strode toward them, looking livid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In!\rdblquote  she said furiously, pointing to the door. Harry and George en\-tered. She strode around behind her desk and faced them, quivering with rage as she threw the Gryffindor scarf aside onto the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Well\i0 ?\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote I have never seen such a disgraceful exhibition. Two onto one! Explain yourselves!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy provoked us,\rdblquote  said Harry stiffly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Provoked you?\rdblquote  shouted Professor McGonagall, slamming a fist onto her desk so that her tartan biscuit tin slid sideways off it and burst open, littering the floor with Ginger Newts. \ldblquote He\rquote d just lost, hadn\rquote t he, of course he wanted to provoke you! But what on earth he can have said that justified what you two \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He insulted my parents,\rdblquote  snarled George. \ldblquote And Harry\rquote s mother.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But instead of leaving it to Madam Hooch to sort out, you two de\-cided to give an exhibition of Muggle dueling, did you?\rdblquote  bellowed Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Have you any idea what you\rquote ve \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hem, hem.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 George and Harry both spun around. Dolores Umbridge was standing in the doorway wrapped in a green tweed cloak that greatly enhanced her resemblance to a giant toad, and smiling in the horribly sickly, ominous way that Harry had come to associate with imminent misery.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote May I help, Professor McGonagall?\rdblquote  asked Professor Umbridge in her most poisonously sweet voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Blood rushed into Professor McGonagall\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Help?\rdblquote  she repeated in a constricted voice. \ldblquote What do you mean, \lquote help\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge moved forward into the office, still smiling her sickly smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why, I thought you might be grateful for a little extra authority.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry would not have been surprised to see sparks fly from Profes\-sor McGonagall\rquote s nostrils.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You thought wrong,\rdblquote  she said, turning her back on Umbridge. \ldblquote Now, you two had better listen closely. I do not care what provoca\-tion Malfoy offered you, I do not care if he insulted every family member you possess, your behavior was disgusting and I am giving each of you a week\rquote s worth of detention! Do not look at me like that, Potter, you deserve it! And if either of you ever \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hem, hem.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall closed her eyes as though praying for pa\-tience as she turned her face toward Professor Umbridge again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Yes\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think they deserve rather more than detentions,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, smiling still more broadly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall\rquote s eyes flew open. \ldblquote But unfortunately,\rdblquote  she said, with an attempt at a reciprocal smile that made her look as though she had lockjaw, \ldblquote it is what I think that counts, as they are in my House, Dolores.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, \i actually,\i0  Minerva,\rdblquote  simpered Umbridge, \ldblquote I think you\rquote ll find that what I think \i does\i0  count. Now, where is it? Cornelius just sent it. \'85 I mean,\rdblquote  she gave a little false laugh as she rummaged in her hand\-bag, \ldblquote the \i Minister\i0  just sent it. \'85 Ah yes \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She had pulled out a piece of parchment that she now unfurled, clearing her throat fussily before starting to read what it said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hem, hem\i0  \'85 \lquote Educational Decree Number Twenty-five\lang3081  \'85\rquote  \rdblquote\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not another one!\rdblquote  exclaimed Professor McGonagall violently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, yes,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, still smiling. \ldblquote As a matter of fact, Min\-erva, it was you who made me see that we \i needed\i0  a further amend\-ment. \'85 You remember how you overrode me, when I was unwilling to allow the Gryffindor Quidditch team to re-form? How you took the case to Dumbledore, who insisted that the team be allowed to play? Well, now, I couldn\rquote t have that. I contacted the Minister at once, and he quite agreed with me that the High Inquisitor has to have the power to strip pupils of privileges, or she \emdash  that is to say, I \emdash  would have less authority than common teachers! And you see now, don\rquote t you, Minerva, how right I was in attempting to stop the Gryffindor team re-forming? \i Dreadful\i0  tempers \'85 Anyway, I was reading out our amendment\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 \i hem, hem\i0  \'85 \lquote The High Inquisitor will henceforth have supreme authority over all punishments, sanctions, and removal of privileges pertaining to the students of Hogwarts, and the power to alter such punishments, sanctions, and removals of privileges as may have been ordered by other staff members. Signed, Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic, Order of Merlin First Class, etc., etc. \'85\lang3081\rquote  \rdblquote\par
\lang1033 She rolled up the parchment and put it back into her handbag, still smiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \'85 I really think I will have to ban these two from playing Quidditch ever again,\rdblquote  she said, looking from Harry to George and back again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt the Snitch fluttering madly in his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ban us?\rdblquote  he said, and his voice sounded strangely distant. \ldblquote From playing \'85 ever again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Mr. Potter, I think a lifelong ban ought to do the trick,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, her smile widening still further as she watched him strug\-gle to comprehend what she had said. \ldblquote You \i and\i0  Mr. Weasley here. And I think, to be safe, this young man\rquote s twin ought to be stopped too \emdash  if his teammates had not restrained him, I feel sure he would have attacked young Mr. Malfoy as well. I will want their broomsticks confiscated, of course; I shall keep them safely in my office, to make\lang3081  \lang1033 sure there is no infringement of my ban. But I am not unreasonable, Professor McGonagall,\rdblquote  she continued, turning back to Professor McGonagall who was now standing as still as though carved from ice, staring at her. \ldblquote The rest of the team can continue playing, I saw no signs of violence from any of \i them.\i0  Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 good afternoon to you.\rdblquote  And with a look of the utmost satisfaction Umbridge left the room, leaving a horrified silence in her wake.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Banned,\rdblquote  said Angelina in a hollow voice, late that evening in the common room. \ldblquote\i Banned.\i0  No Seeker and no Beaters \'85 What on earth are we going to do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It did not feel as though they had won the match at all. Everywhere Harry looked there were disconsolate and angry faces; the team them\-selves were slumped around the fire, all apart from Ron, who had not been seen since the end of the match.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s just so unfair,\rdblquote  said Alicia numbly. \ldblquote I mean, what about Crabbe and that Bludger he hit after the whistle had been blown? Has she banned \i him\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ginny miserably; she and Hermione were sitting on ei\-ther side of Harry. \ldblquote He just got lines, I heard Montague laughing about it at dinner.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And banning Fred when he didn\rquote t even do anything!\rdblquote  said Alicia furiously, pummeling her knee with her fist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not my fault I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Fred, with a very ugly look on his face. \ldblquote I would\rquote ve pounded the little scumbag to a pulp if you three hadn\rquote t been holding me back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared miserably at the dark window. Snow was falling. The Snitch he had caught earlier was now zooming around and around the common room; people were watching its progress as though hyp\-notized and Crookshanks was leaping from chair to chair, trying to catch it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to bed,\rdblquote  said Angelina, getting slowly to her feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe this will all turn out to have been a bad dream. \'85 Maybe I\rquote ll wake up tomorrow and find we haven\rquote t played yet. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was soon followed by Alicia and Katie. Fred and George sloped off to bed some time later, glowering at everyone they passed, and Ginny went not long after that. Only Harry and Hermione were left beside the fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you seen Ron?\rdblquote  Hermione asked in a low voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think he\rquote s avoiding us,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Where do you think he \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But at that precise moment, there was a creaking sound behind them as the Fat Lady swung forward and Ron came clambering through the portrait hole. He was very pale indeed and there was snow in his hair. When he saw Harry and Hermione he stopped dead in his tracks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where have you been?\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously, springing up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Walking,\rdblquote  Ron mumbled. He was still wearing his Quidditch things.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You look frozen,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Come and sit down!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron walked to the fireside and sank into the chair farthest from Harry\rquote s, not looking at him. The stolen Snitch zoomed over their heads.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  Ron mumbled, looking at his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What for?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For thinking I can play Quidditch,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I\rquote m going to resign first thing tomorrow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you resign,\rdblquote  said Harry testily, \ldblquote there\rquote ll only be three players left on the team.\rdblquote  And when Ron looked puzzled, he said, \ldblquote I\rquote ve been given a lifetime ban. So\rquote ve Fred and George.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  Ron yelped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione told him the full story; Harry could not bear to tell it again. When she had finished, Ron looked more anguished than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is all my fault \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t \i make\i0  me punch Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Harry angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  if I wasn\rquote t so lousy at Quidditch \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  it\rquote s got nothing to do with that \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  it was that song that wound me up \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  it would\rquote ve wound anyone up \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione got up and walked to the window, away from the argu\-ment, watching the snow swirling down against the pane.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look, drop it, will you!\rdblquote  Harry burst out. \ldblquote It\rquote s bad enough with\-out you blaming yourself for everything!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron said nothing but sat gazing miserably at the damp hem of his robes. After a while he said in a dull voice, \ldblquote This is the worst I\rquote ve ever felt in my life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Join the club,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Hermione, her voice trembling slightly. \ldblquote I can think of one thing that might cheer you both up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah?\rdblquote  said Harry skeptically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Hermione, turning away from the pitch-black, snow-flecked window, a broad smile spreading across her face. \ldblquote Hagrid\rquote s back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 20\par
\pard\qc Hagrid\rquote s Tale\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry sprinted up to the boys\rquote  dormitory to fetch the Invisi\-bility Cloak and the Marauder\rquote s Map from his trunk; he was so quick that he and Ron were ready to leave at least five minutes be\-fore Hermione hurried back down from the girls\rquote  dormitories, wear\-ing scarf, gloves, and one of her own knobbly elf hats.\par
\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s cold out there!\rdblquote  she said defensively, as Ron clicked his tongue impatiently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They crept through the portrait hole and covered themselves hastily in the cloak \emdash  Ron had grown so much he now needed to crouch to prevent his feet showing \emdash  then, moving slowly and cau\-tiously, they proceeded down the many staircases, pausing at intervals to check the map for signs of Filch or Mrs. Norris. They were lucky; they saw nobody but Nearly Headless Nick, who was gliding along absentmindedly humming something that sounded horribly like \ldblquote Weasley Is Our King.\rdblquote  They crept across the entrance hall and then out into the silent, snowy grounds. With a great leap of his heart, Harry saw little golden squares of light ahead and smoke coiling up from Hagrid\rquote s chimney. He set off at a quick march, the other two\lang3081  \lang1033 jostling and bumping along behind him, and they crunched excitedly through the thickening snow until at last they reached the wooden front door; when Harry raised his fist and knocked three times, a dog started barking frantically inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, it\rquote s us!\rdblquote  Harry called through the keyhole.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shoulda known!\rdblquote  said a gruff voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They beamed at one another under the cloak; they could tell that Hagrid\rquote s voice was pleased. \ldblquote Bin home three seconds \'85 Out the way, Fang \'85 \i Out the way,\i0  yeh dozy dog \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The bolt was drawn back, the door creaked open, and Hagrid\rquote s head appeared in the gap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione screamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Merlin\rquote s beard, keep it down!\rdblquote  said Hagrid hastily, staring wildly over their heads. \ldblquote Under that cloak, are yeh? Well, get in, get in!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry!\rdblquote  Hermione gasped, as the three of them squeezed past Hagrid into the house and pulled the cloak off themselves so he could see them. \ldblquote I just \emdash  oh, \i Hagrid\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s nuthin\rquote , it\rquote s nuthin\rquote !\rdblquote  said Hagrid hastily, shutting the door behind them and hurrying to close all the curtains, but Hermione continued to gaze up at him in horror.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s hair was matted with congealed blood, and his left eye had been reduced to a puffy slit amid a mass of purple-and-black bruises. There were many cuts on his face and hands, some of them still bleed\-ing, and he was moving gingerly, which made Harry suspect broken ribs. It was obvious that he had only just got home; a thick black trav\-eling cloak lay over the back of a chair and a haversack large enough to carry several small children leaned against the wall inside the door. Hagrid himself, twice the size of a normal man and three times as broad, was now limping over to the fire and placing a copper kettle over it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened to you?\rdblquote  Harry demanded, while Fang danced around them all, trying to lick their faces.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Told yeh, \i nuthin\i0\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid firmly. \ldblquote Want a cuppa?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come off it,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote you\rquote re in a right state!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m tellin\rquote  yeh, I\rquote m fine,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, straightening up and turn\-ing to beam at them all, but wincing. \ldblquote Blimey, it\rquote s good ter see you three again \emdash  had good summers, did yeh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, you\rquote ve been attacked!\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fer the las\rquote  time, it\rquote s nuthin\rquote !\rdblquote  said Hagrid firmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Would you say it was nothing if one of us turned up with a pound of mince instead of a face?\rdblquote  Ron demanded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You ought to go and see Madam Pomfrey, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one anxiously. \ldblquote Some of those cuts look nasty.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m dealin\rquote  with it, all righ\rquote ?\rdblquote  said Hagrid repressively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He walked across to the enormous wooden table that stood in the middle of his cabin and twitched aside a tea towel that had been lying on it. Underneath was a raw, bloody, green-tinged steak slightly larger than the average car tire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not going to eat that, are you, Hagrid?\rdblquote  said Ron, leaning in for a closer look. \ldblquote It looks poisonous.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s s\rquote posed ter look like that, it\rquote s dragon meat,\rdblquote  Hagrid said. \ldblquote An\rquote  I didn\rquote  get it ter eat.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He picked up the steak and slapped it over the left side of his face. Greenish blood trickled down into his beard as he gave a soft moan of satisfaction.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tha\rquote s better. It helps with the stingin\rquote , yeh know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So are you going to tell us what\rquote s happened to you?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote , Harry. Top secret. More\rquote n me job\rquote s worth ter tell yeh that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did the giants beat you up, Hagrid?\rdblquote  asked Hermione quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s fingers slipped on the dragon steak, and it slid squelchily onto his chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Giants?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, catching the steak before it reached his belt and slapping it back over his face. \ldblquote Who said anythin\rquote  abou\rquote  giants?\lang3081  \lang1033 Who yeh bin talkin\rquote  to? Who\rquote s told yeh what I\rquote ve \emdash  who\rquote s said I\rquote ve bin \emdash  eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We guessed,\rdblquote  said Hermione apologetically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, yeh did, did yeh?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, fixing her sternly with the eye that was not hidden by the steak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was kind of\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 obvious,\rdblquote  said Ron. Harry nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid glared at them, then snorted, threw the steak onto the table again and strode back to the kettle, which was now whistling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never known kids like you three fer knowin\rquote  more\rquote n yeh oughta,\rdblquote  he muttered, splashing boiling water into three of his bucket-shaped mugs. \ldblquote An\rquote  I\rquote m not complimentin\rquote  yeh, neither. Nosy, some\rquote d call it. Interferin\rquote .\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But his beard twitched.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you have been to look for giants?\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning as he sat down at the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid set tea in front of each of them, sat down, picked up his steak again, and slapped it back over his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, all righ\rquote ,\rdblquote  he grunted, \ldblquote I have.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you found them?\rdblquote  said Hermione in a hushed voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, they\rquote re not that difficult ter find, ter be honest,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Pretty big, see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are they?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mountains,\rdblquote  said Hagrid unhelpfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So why don\rquote t Muggles \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They do,\rdblquote  said Hagrid darkly. \ldblquote O\rquote ny their deaths are always put down ter mountaineerin\rquote  accidents, aren\rquote  they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He adjusted the steak a little so that it covered the worst of the bruising.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, Hagrid, tell us what you\rquote ve been up to!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Tell us about being attacked by the giants and Harry can tell you about be\-ing attacked by the dementors \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid choked in his mug and dropped his steak at the same time; a large quantity of spit, tea, and dragon blood was sprayed over the table as Hagrid coughed and spluttered and the steak slid, with a soft \i splat,\i0  onto the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whadda yeh mean, attacked by dementors?\rdblquote  growled Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t you know?\rdblquote  Hermione asked him, wide-eyed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote  know anything that\rquote s been happenin\rquote  since I left. I was on a secret mission, wasn\rquote  I, didn\rquote  wan\rquote  owls followin\rquote  me all over the place \emdash  ruddy dementors! Yeh\rquote re not serious?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I am, they turned up in Little Whinging and attacked my cousin and me, and then the Ministry of Magic expelled me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WHAT?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and I had to go to a hearing and everything, but tell us about the giants first.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were \i expelled\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell us about your summer and I\rquote ll tell you about mine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid glared at him through his one open eye. Harry looked right back, an expression of innocent determination on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, all righ\rquote ,\rdblquote  Hagrid said in a resigned voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He bent down and tugged the dragon steak out of Fang\rquote s mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Hagrid, don\rquote t, it\rquote s not hygien \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione began, but Ha\-grid had already slapped the meat back over his swollen eye. He took another fortifying gulp of tea and then said, \ldblquote Well, we set off righ\rquote  af\-ter term ended \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Madame Maxime went with you, then?\rdblquote  Hermione interjected.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, tha\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, and a softened expression appeared on the few inches of face that were not obscured by beard or green steak. \ldblquote Yeah, it was jus\rquote  the pair of us. An\rquote  I\rquote ll tell yeh this, she\rquote s not afraid of roughin\rquote  it, Olympe. Yeh know, she\rquote s a fine, well-dressed woman, an\rquote  knowin\rquote  where we was goin\rquote  I wondered \rquote ow she\rquote d feel abou\rquote  clamberin\rquote  over boulders an\rquote  sleepin\rquote  in caves an\rquote  tha\rquote , bu\rquote  she never complained once.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You knew where you were going?\rdblquote  Harry asked. \ldblquote You knew where the giants were?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Dumbledore knew, an\rquote  he told us,\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are they hidden?\rdblquote  asked Ron. \ldblquote Is it a secret, where they are?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not really,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, shaking his shaggy head. \ldblquote It\rquote s jus\rquote  that mos\rquote  wizards aren\rquote  bothered where they are, s\rquote  long as it\rquote s a good long way away. But where they are\rquote s very difficult ter get ter, fer humans anyway, so we needed Dumbledore\rquote s instructions. Took us abou\rquote  a month ter get there \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A \i month\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Ron, as though he had never heard of a journey lasting such a ridiculously long time. \ldblquote But \emdash  why couldn\rquote t you just grab a Portkey or something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was an odd expression in Hagrid\rquote s unobscured eye as he squinted at Ron; it was almost pitying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re bein\rquote  watched, Ron,\rdblquote  he said gruffly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh don\rquote  understand,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote The Ministry\rquote s keepin\rquote  an eye on Dumbledore an\rquote  anyone they reckon\rquote s in league with him, an\rquote  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We know about that,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, keen to hear the rest of Hagrid\rquote s story. \ldblquote We know about the Ministry watching Dumble\-dore \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you couldn\rquote t use magic to get there?\rdblquote  asked Ron, looking thun\-derstruck. \ldblquote You had to act like Muggles \i all the way\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, not exactly all the way,\rdblquote  said Hagrid cagily. \ldblquote We jus\rquote  had ter be careful, \rquote cause Olympe an\rquote  me, we stick out a bit \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron made a stifled noise somewhere between a snort and a sniff and hastily took a gulp of tea.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  so we\rquote re not hard ter follow. We was pretendin\rquote  we was goin\rquote  on holiday together, so we got inter France an\rquote  we made like we was headin\rquote  fer where Olympe\rquote s school is, \rquote cause we knew we was bein\rquote  tailed by someone from the Ministry. We had to go slow, \rquote cause I\rquote m not really s\rquote posed ter use magic an\rquote  we knew the Ministry\rquote d be lookin\rquote\lang3081  \lang1033 fer a reason ter run us in. But we managed ter give the berk tailin\rquote  us the slip round abou\rquote  Dee-John \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ooooh, Dijon?\rdblquote  said Hermione excitedly. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been there on hol\-iday, did you see \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She fell silent at the look on Ron\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We chanced a bit o\rquote  magic after that, and it wasn\rquote  a bad journey. Ran inter a couple o\rquote  mad trolls on the Polish border, an\rquote  I had a sligh\rquote  disagreement with a vampire in a pub in Minsk, but apart from tha\rquote , couldn\rquote t\rquote a bin smoother.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An\rquote  then we reached the place, an\rquote  we started trekkin\rquote  up through the mountains, lookin\rquote  fer signs of \rquote em \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We had ter lay off the magic once we got near \rquote em. Partly \rquote cause they don\rquote  like wizards an\rquote  we didn\rquote  want ter put their backs up too soon, and partly \rquote cause Dumbledore had warned us You-Know-Who was bound ter be after the giants an\rquote  all. Said it was odds on he\rquote d sent a messenger off ter them already. Told us ter be very careful of drawin\rquote  attention ter ourselves as we got nearer in case there was Death Eaters around.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid paused for a long draft of tea.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go on!\rdblquote  said Harry urgently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Found \rquote em,\rdblquote  said Hagrid baldly. \ldblquote Went over a ridge one nigh\rquote  an\rquote  there they was, spread ou\rquote  underneath us. Little fires burnin\rquote  below an\rquote  huge shadows \'85 It was like watchin\rquote  bits o\rquote  the mountain movin\rquote .\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How big are they?\rdblquote  asked Ron in a hushed voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Bout twenty feet,\rdblquote  said Hagrid casually. \ldblquote Some o\rquote  the bigger ones mighta bin twenty-five.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And how many were there?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I reckon abou\rquote  seventy or eighty,\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is that all?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Hagrid sadly, \ldblquote eighty left, an\rquote  there was loads once, musta bin a hundred diff\rquote rent tribes from all over the world. But they\rquote ve bin dyin\rquote  out fer ages. Wizards killed a few, o\rquote  course, but\lang3081  \lang1033 mostly they killed each other, an\rquote  now they\rquote re dyin\rquote  out faster than ever. They\rquote re not made ter live bunched up together like tha\rquote . Dumb\-ledore says it\rquote s our fault, it was the wizards who forced \rquote em to go an\rquote  made \rquote em live a good long way from us an\rquote  they had no choice but ter stick together fer their own protection.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote you saw them and then what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we waited till morning, didn\rquote  want ter go sneakin\rquote  up on \rquote em in the dark, fer our own safety,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote  \rquote Bout three in the mornin\rquote  they fell asleep jus\rquote  where they was sittin\rquote . We didn\rquote  dare sleep. Fer one thing, we wanted ter make sure none of \rquote em woke up an\rquote  came up where we were, an\rquote  fer another, the snorin\rquote  was unbelievable. Caused an avalanche near mornin\rquote .\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway, once it was light we wen\rquote  down ter see \rquote em.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just like that?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking awestruck. \ldblquote You just walked right into a giant camp?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Dumbledore\rquote d told us how ter do it,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Give the Gurg gifts, show some respect, yeh know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give the \i what\i0  gifts?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, the Gurg \emdash  means the chief.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How could you tell which one was the Gurg?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid grunted in amusement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No problem,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote He was the biggest, the ugliest, an\rquote  the laziest. Sittin\rquote  there waitin\rquote  ter be brought food by the others. Dead goats an\rquote  such like. Name o\rquote  Karkus. I\rquote d put him at twenty-two, twenty-three feet, an\rquote  the weight of a couple o\rquote  bull elephants. Skin like rhino hide an\rquote  all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you just walked up to him?\rdblquote  said Hermione breathlessly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 \i down\i0  ter him, where he was lyin\rquote  in the valley. They was in this dip between four pretty high mountains, see, beside a moun\-tain lake, an\rquote  Karkus was lyin\rquote  by the lake roarin\rquote  at the others ter feed him an\rquote  his wife. Olympe an\rquote  I went down the mountainside \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But didn\rquote t they try and kill you when they saw you?\rdblquote  asked Ron incredulously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was def\rquote nitely on some of their minds,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, shrugging, \ldblquote but we did what Dumbledore told us ter do, which was ter hold our gift up high an\rquote  keep our eyes on the Gurg an\rquote  ignore the others. So tha\rquote s what we did. An\rquote  the rest of \rquote em went quiet an\rquote  watched us pass an\rquote  we got right up ter Karkus\rquote s feet an\rquote  we bowed an\rquote  put our present down in front o\rquote  him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you give a giant?\rdblquote  asked Ron eagerly. \ldblquote Food?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nah, he can get food all righ\rquote  fer himself,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote We took him magic. Giants like magic, jus\rquote  don\rquote t like us usin\rquote  it against \rquote em. Anyway, that firs\rquote  day we gave him a branch o\rquote  Gubraithian fire.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione said \ldblquote wow\rdblquote  softly, but Harry and Ron both frowned in puzzlement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A branch of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everlasting fire,\rdblquote  said Hermione irritably, \ldblquote you ought to know that by now, Professor Flitwick\rquote s mentioned it at least twice in class!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well anyway,\rdblquote  said Hagrid quickly, intervening before Ron could answer back, \ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote d bewitched this branch to burn ever\-more, which isn\rquote  somethin\rquote  any wizard could do, an\rquote  so I lies it down in the snow by Karkus\rquote s feet and says, \lquote A gift to the Gurg of the giants from Albus Dumbledore, who sends his respectful greetings.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what did Karkus say?\rdblquote  asked Harry eagerly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothin\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Didn\rquote  speak English.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re kidding!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote  matter,\rdblquote  said Hagrid imperturbably, \ldblquote Dumbledore had warned us tha\rquote  migh\rquote  happen. Karkus knew enough to yell fer a cou\-ple o\rquote  giants who knew our lingo an\rquote  they translated fer us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And did he like the present?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah, it went down a storm once they understood what it was,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, turning his dragon steak over to press the cooler\lang3081  \lang1033 side to his swollen eye. \ldblquote Very pleased. So then I said, \lquote Albus Dumble\-dore asks the Gurg to speak with his messenger when he returns to\-morrow with another gift.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why couldn\rquote t you speak to them that day?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore wanted us ter take it very slow,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Let \rquote em see we kept our promises. \i We\rquote ll come back tomorrow with another present,\i0  an\rquote  then we do come back with another present \emdash  gives a good impression, see? An\rquote  gives them time ter test out the firs\rquote  present an\rquote  find out it\rquote s a good one, an\rquote  get \rquote em eager fer more. In any case, gi\-ants like Karkus \emdash  overload \rquote em with information an\rquote  they\rquote ll kill yeh jus\rquote  to simplify things. So we bowed outta the way an\rquote  went off an\rquote  found ourselves a nice little cave ter spend that night in, an\rquote  the fol\-lowin\rquote  mornin\rquote  we went back an\rquote  this time we found Karkus sittin\rquote  up waitin\rquote  fer us lookin\rquote  all eager.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you talked to him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah. Firs\rquote  we presented him with a nice battle helmet \emdash  goblin-made an\rquote  indestructible, yeh know \emdash  an\rquote  then we sat down an\rquote  we talked.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did he say?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not much,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Listened mostly. But there were good signs. He\rquote d heard o\rquote  Dumbledore, heard he\rquote d argued against the killin\rquote  of the last giants in Britain. Karkus seemed ter be quite int\rquote rested in what Dumbledore had ter say. An\rquote  a few o\rquote  the others, \rquote specially the ones who had some English, they gathered round an\rquote  listened too. We were hopeful when we left that day. Promised ter come back next day with another present.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But that night it all wen\rquote  wrong.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  said Ron quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, like I say, they\rquote re not meant ter live together, giants,\rdblquote  said Hagrid sadly. \ldblquote Not in big groups like that. They can\rquote  help themselves, they half kill each other every few weeks. The men fight each other an\rquote\lang3081  \lang1033 the women fight each other, the remnants of the old tribes fight each other, an\rquote  that\rquote s even without squabbles over food an\rquote  the best fires an\rquote  sleepin\rquote  spots. Yeh\rquote d think, seein\rquote  as how their whole race is abou\rquote  fin\-ished, they\rquote d lay off each other, but\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid sighed deeply\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That night a fight broke out, we saw it from the mouth of our cave, lookin\rquote  down on the valley. Went on fer hours, yeh wouldn\rquote  be\-lieve the noise. An\rquote  when the sun came up the snow was scarlet an\rquote  his head was lyin\rquote  at the bottom o\rquote  the lake.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whose head?\rdblquote  gasped Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Karkus\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Hagrid heavily. \ldblquote There was a new Gurg, Golgo\-math.\rdblquote  He sighed deeply. \ldblquote Well, we hadn\rquote  bargained on a new Gurg two days after we\rquote d made friendly contact with the firs\rquote  one, an\rquote  we had a funny feelin\rquote  Golgomath wouldn\rquote  be so keen ter listen to us, but we had ter try.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You went to speak to him?\rdblquote  asked Ron incredulously. \ldblquote After you\rquote d watched him rip off another giant\rquote s head?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\lang3081  \rquote\lang1033 Course we did,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, \ldblquote we hadn\rquote  gone all that way ter give up after two days! We wen\rquote  down with the next present we\rquote d meant ter give ter Karkus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew it was no go before I\rquote d opened me mouth. He was sitting there wearin\rquote  Karkus\rquote s helmet, leerin\rquote  at us as we got nearer. He\rquote s mas\-sive, one o\rquote  the biggest ones there. Black hair an\rquote  matchin\rquote  teeth an\rquote  a necklace o\rquote  bones. Human-lookin\rquote  bones, some of \rquote em. Well, I gave it a go \emdash  held out a great roll o\rquote  dragon skin \emdash  an\rquote  said A gift fer the Gurg of the giants \emdash\rquote  Nex\rquote  thing I knew, I was hangin\rquote  upside down in the air by me feet, two of his mates had grabbed me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione clapped her hands to her mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you get out of \i that\i0 ?\rdblquote\i  \i0 asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wouldn\rquote ta done if Olympe hadn\rquote  bin there,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote She pulled out her wand an\rquote  did some o\rquote  the fastes\rquote  spellwork I\rquote ve ever seen.\lang3081  \lang1033 Ruddy marvelous. Hit the two holdin\rquote  me right in the eyes with Con\-junctivitus Curses an\rquote  they dropped me straightaway \emdash  bu\rquote  we were in trouble then, \rquote cause we\rquote d used magic against \rquote em, an\rquote  that\rquote s what gi\-ants hate abou\rquote  wizards. We had ter leg it an\rquote  we knew there was no way we was going ter be able ter march inter camp again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Ron quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So how come it\rquote s taken you so long to get home if you were only there for three days?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We didn\rquote  leave after three days!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking outraged. \ldblquote Dumbledore was relyin\rquote  on us!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you\rquote ve just said there was no way you could go back!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not by daylight, we couldn\rquote , no. We just had ter rethink a bit. Spent a couple o\rquote  days lyin\rquote  low up in the cave an\rquote  watchin\rquote . An\rquote  wha\rquote  we saw wasn\rquote  good.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did he rip off more heads?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, sounding squeamish.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote I wish he had.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I mean we soon found out he didn\rquote  object ter all wizards \emdash  just us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Death Eaters?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Hagrid darkly. \ldblquote Couple of \rquote em were visitin\rquote  him ev\rquote ry day, bringin\rquote  gifts ter the Gurg, an\rquote  he wasn\rquote  dangling them upside down.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you know they were Death Eaters?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because I recognized one of \rquote em,\rdblquote  Hagrid growled. \ldblquote Macnair, re\-member him? Bloke they sent ter kill Buckbeak? Maniac, he is. Likes killin\rquote  as much as Golgomath, no wonder they were gettin\rquote  on so well.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So Macnair\rquote s persuaded the giants to join You-Know-Who?\rdblquote  said Hermione desperately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hold yer hippogriffs, I haven\rquote  finished me story yet!\rdblquote  said Hagrid indignantly, who, considering he had not wanted to tell them any\-thing in the first place, now seemed to be rather enjoying himself. \ldblquote Me\lang3081  \lang1033 an\rquote  Olympe talked it over an\rquote  we agreed, jus\rquote  \rquote cause the Gurg looked like favorin\rquote  You-Know-Who didn\rquote  mean all of \rquote em would. We had ter try an\rquote  persuade some o\rquote  the others, the ones who hadn\rquote  wanted Gol\-gomath as Gurg.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How could you tell which ones they were?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, they were the ones bein\rquote  beaten to a pulp, weren\rquote  they?\rdblquote  said Hagrid patiently. \ldblquote The ones with any sense were keepin\rquote  outta Golgo\-math\rquote s way, hidin\rquote  out in caves roun\rquote  the gully jus\rquote  like we were. So we decided we\rquote d go pokin\rquote  round the caves by night an\rquote  see if we couldn\rquote  persuade a few o\rquote  them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You went poking around dark caves looking for giants?\rdblquote  said Ron with awed respect in his voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it wasn\rquote  the giants who worried us most,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote We were more concerned abou\rquote  the Death Eaters. Dumbledore had told us before we wen\rquote  not ter tangle with \rquote em if we could avoid it, an\rquote  the trou\-ble was they knew we was around \emdash  \rquote spect Golgomath told him abou\rquote  us. At night when the giants were sleepin\rquote  an\rquote  we wanted ter be creepin\rquote  inter the caves, Macnair an\rquote  the other one were sneakin\rquote  round the mountains lookin\rquote  fer us. I was hard put to stop Olympe jumpin\rquote  out at them,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, the corners of his mouth lifting his wild beard. \ldblquote She was rarin\rquote  ter attack \rquote em. \'85 she\rquote s somethin\rquote  when she\rquote s roused, Olympe. \'85 Fiery, yeh know \'85 \rquote spect it\rquote s the French in her \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid gazed misty-eyed into the fire. Harry allowed him thirty seconds\rquote  reminiscence before clearing his throat loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what happened? Did you ever get near any of the other giants?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? Oh \'85 oh yeah, we did. Yeah, on the third night after Karkus was killed, we crept outta the cave we\rquote d bin hidin\rquote  in and headed back down inter the gully, keepin\rquote  our eyes skinned fer the Death Eaters. Got inside a few o\rquote  the caves, no go \emdash  then, in abou\rquote  the sixth one, we found three giants hidin\rquote .\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cave must\rquote ve been cramped,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wasn\rquote  room ter swing a kneazle,\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t they attack you when they saw you?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Probably woulda done if they\rquote d bin in any condition,\rdblquote  said Ha\-grid, \ldblquote but they was badly hurt, all three o\rquote  them. Golgomath\rquote s lot had beaten \rquote em unconscious; they\rquote d woken up an\rquote  crawled inter the near\-est shelter they could find. Anyway, one o\rquote  them had a bit of English an\rquote  \rquote e translated fer the others, an\rquote  what we had ter say didn\rquote  seem ter go down too badly. So we kep\rquote  goin\rquote  back, visitin\rquote  the wounded. \'85 I reckon we had abou\rquote  six or seven o\rquote  them convinced at one poin\rquote .\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Six or seven?\rdblquote  said Ron eagerly. \ldblquote Well that\rquote s not bad \emdash  are they going to come over here and start fighting You-Know-Who with us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Hermione said, \ldblquote What do you mean \lquote at one point,\rquote  Hagrid?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid looked at her sadly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Golgomath\rquote s lot raided the caves. The ones tha\rquote  survived didn\rquote  wan\rquote  no more ter to do with us after that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \'85 so there aren\rquote t any giants coming?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking disappointed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nope,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, heaving a deep sigh as he turned over his steak again and applied the cooler side to his face, \ldblquote but we did wha\rquote  we meant ter do, we gave \rquote em Dumbledore\rquote s message an\rquote  some o\rquote  them heard it an\rquote  I \rquote spect some o\rquote  them\rquote ll remember it. Jus\rquote  maybe, them that don\rquote  want ter stay around Golgomath\rquote ll move outta the mountains, an\rquote  there\rquote s gotta be a chance they\rquote ll remember Dumbledore\rquote s friendly to \rquote em. \'85 Could be they\rquote ll come \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snow was filling up the window now. Harry became aware that the knees of his robes were soaked through; Fang was drooling with his head in Harry\rquote s lap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid?\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly after a while.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mmm?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you \'85 was there any sign of\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 did you hear anything about your \'85 your \'85 mother while you were there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s unobscured eye rested upon her, and Hermione looked rather scared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry \'85 I \'85 forget it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dead,\rdblquote  Hagrid grunted. \ldblquote Died years ago. They told me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 I\rquote m \'85 I\rquote m really sorry,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a very small voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid shrugged his massive shoulders. \ldblquote No need,\rdblquote  he said shortly. \ldblquote Can\rquote  remember her much. Wasn\rquote  a great mother.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were silent again. Hermione glanced nervously at Harry and Ron, plainly wanting them to speak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you still haven\rquote t explained how you got in this state, Hagrid,\rdblquote  Ron said, gesturing toward Hagrid\rquote s bloodstained face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or why you\rquote re back so late,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Sirius says Madame Maxime got back ages ago \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who attacked you?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote  bin attacked!\rdblquote  said Hagrid emphatically. \ldblquote I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the rest of his words were drowned in a sudden outbreak of rapping on the door. Hermione gasped; her mug slipped through her fingers and smashed on the floor; Fang yelped. All four of them stared at the window beside the doorway. The shadow of somebody small and squat rippled across the thin curtain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i It\rquote s her\i0 !\rdblquote  Ron whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get under here!\rdblquote  Harry said quickly; seizing the Invisibility Cloak he whirled it over himself and Hermione while Ron tore around the table and dived beneath the cloak as well. Huddled together they backed away into a corner. Fang was barking madly at the door. Ha\-grid looked thoroughly confused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, hide our mugs!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid seized Harry\rquote s and Ron\rquote s mugs and shoved them under the cushion in Fang\rquote s basket. Fang was now leaping up at the door; Hagrid pushed him out of the way with his foot and pulled it open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge was standing in the doorway wearing her\lang3081  \lang1033 green tweed cloak and a matching hat with earflaps. Lips pursed, she leaned back so as to see Hagrid\rquote s face; she barely reached his navel.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i So,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 she said slowly and loudly, as though speaking to somebody deaf. \ldblquote You\rquote re Hagrid, are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Without waiting for an answer she strolled into the room, her bulging eyes rolling in every direction.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get away,\rdblquote  she snapped, waving her handbag at Fang, who had bounded up to her and was attempting to lick her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  I don\rquote  want ter be rude,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, staring at her, \ldblquote but who the ruddy hell are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My name is Dolores Umbridge.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her eyes were sweeping the cabin. Twice they stared directly into the corner where Harry stood, sandwiched between Ron and Her\-mione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dolores Umbridge?\rdblquote  Hagrid said, sounding thoroughly confused. \ldblquote I thought you were one o\rquote  them Ministry \emdash  don\rquote  you work with Fudge?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was Senior Undersecretary to the Minister, yes,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, now pacing around the cabin, taking in every tiny detail within, from the haversack against the wall to the abandoned traveling cloak. \ldblquote I am now the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tha\rquote s brave of yeh,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, \ldblquote there\rquote s not many\rquote d take tha\rquote  job anymore \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and Hogwarts High Inquisitor,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, giving no sign that she had heard him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wha\rquote s that?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, frowning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Precisely what I was going to ask,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, pointing at the broken shards of china on the floor that had been Hermione\rquote s mug.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, with a most unhelpful glance toward the corner where Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood hidden, \ldblquote oh, tha\rquote  was \'85 was Fang. He broke a mug. So I had ter use this one instead.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid pointed to the mug from which he had been drinking, one\lang3081  \lang1033 hand still clamped over the dragon steak pressed to his eye. Umbridge stood facing him now, taking in every detail of his appearance instead of the cabin\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I heard voices,\rdblquote  she said quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was talkin\rquote  ter Fang,\rdblquote  said Hagrid stoutly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And was he talking back to you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 in a manner o\rquote  speakin\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking uncom\-fortable. \ldblquote I sometimes say Fang\rquote s near enough human \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are three sets of footprints in the snow leading from the cas\-tle doors to your cabin,\rdblquote  said Umbridge sleekly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione gasped; Harry clapped a hand over her mouth. Luckily, Fang was sniffing loudly around the hem of Professor Umbridge\rquote s robes, and she did not appear to have heard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I on\rquote y jus\rquote  got back,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, waving an enormous hand at the haversack. \ldblquote Maybe someone came ter call earlier an\rquote  I missed em.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are no footsteps leading away from your cabin door.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well I \'85 I don\rquote  know why that\rquote d be. \'85\rdblquote  said Hagrid, tugging nervously at his beard and again glancing toward the corner where Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood, as though asking for help. \ldblquote Erm \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge wheeled around and strode the length of the cabin, looking around carefully. She bent and peered under the bed. She opened Hagrid\rquote s cupboards. She passed within two inches of where Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood pressed against the wall; Harry ac\-tually pulled in his stomach as she walked by. After looking carefully inside the enormous cauldron Hagrid used for cooking she wheeled around again and said, \ldblquote What has happened to you? How did you sustain those injuries?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid hastily removed the dragon steak from his face, which in Harry\rquote s opinion was a mistake, because the black-and-purple bruising\lang3081  \lang1033 all around his eye was now clearly visible, not to mention the large amount of fresh and congealed blood on his face. \ldblquote Oh, I \'85 had a bit of an accident,\rdblquote  he said lamely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What sort of accident?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I-I tripped.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You tripped,\rdblquote  she repeated coolly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, tha\rquote s right. Over\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 over a friends broomstick. I don\rquote  fly, meself. Well, look at the size o\rquote  me, I don\rquote  reckon there\rquote s a broomstick that\rquote d hold me. Friend o\rquote  mine breeds Abraxan horses, I dunno if you\rquote ve ever seen \rquote em, big beasts, winged, yeh know, I\rquote ve had a bit of a ride on one o\rquote  them an\rquote  it was \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where have you been?\rdblquote  asked Umbridge, cutting coolly through Hagrid\rquote s babbling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote ve I \'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Been, yes,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Term started more than two months ago. Another teacher has had to cover your classes. None of your colleagues has been able to give me any information as to your whereabouts. You left no address. Where have you been?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause in which Hagrid stared at her with his newly un\-covered eye. Harry could almost hear his brain working furiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I\rquote ve been away for me health,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For your health,\rdblquote  said Umbridge. Her eyes traveled over Hagrid\rquote s discolored and swollen face; dragon blood dripped gently onto his waistcoat in the silence. \ldblquote I see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, \ldblquote bit o\rquote  \emdash  o\rquote  fresh air, yeh know \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, as gamekeeper fresh air must be so difficult to come by,\rdblquote  said Umbridge sweetly. The small patch of Hagrid\rquote s face that was not black or purple flushed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  change o\rquote  scene, yeh know \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mountain scenery?\rdblquote  said Umbridge swiftly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i She knows,\i0  Harry thought desperately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mountains?\rdblquote  Hagrid repeated, clearly thinking fast. \ldblquote Nope, South of France fer me. Bit o\rquote  sun an\rquote  \'85 an\rquote  sea.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote  said Umbridge. \ldblquote You don\rquote t have much of a tan.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 sensitive skin,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, attempting an in\-gratiating smile. Harry noticed that two of his teeth had been knocked out. Umbridge looked at him coldly; his smile faltered. Then she hoisted her handbag a little higher into the crook of her arm and said, \ldblquote I shall, of course, be informing the Minister of your late return.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Righ\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, nodding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You ought to know too that as High Inquisitor it is my unfortu\-nate but necessary duty to inspect my fellow teachers. So I daresay we shall meet again soon enough.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She turned sharply and marched back to the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re inspectin\rquote  us?\rdblquote  Hagrid echoed blankly, looking after her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Umbridge softly, looking back at him with her hand on the door handle. \ldblquote The Ministry is determined to weed out unsat\-isfactory teachers, Hagrid. Good night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She left, closing the door behind her with a snap. Harry made to pull off the Invisibility Cloak but Hermione seized his wrist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not yet,\rdblquote  she breathed in his ear. \ldblquote She might not be gone yet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid seemed to be thinking the same way; he stumped across the room and pulled back the curtain an inch or so.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s goin\rquote  back ter the castle,\rdblquote  he said in a low voice. \ldblquote Blimey \'85 inspectin\rquote  people, is she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, pulling the cloak off. \ldblquote Trelawney\rquote s on probation already. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Um \'85 what sort of thing are you planning to do with us in class, Hagrid?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, don\rquote  you worry abou\rquote  that, I\rquote ve got a great load o\rquote  lessons planned,\rdblquote  said Hagrid enthusiastically, scooping up his dragon steak from the table and slapping it over his eye again. \ldblquote I\rquote ve bin keepin\rquote  a\lang3081  \lang1033 couple o\rquote  creatures saved fer yer O.W.L. year, you wait, they\rquote re some\-thin\rquote  really special.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Erm \'85 special in what way?\rdblquote  asked Hermione tentatively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not sayin\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid happily. \ldblquote I don\rquote  want ter spoil the surprise.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Hermione urgently, dropping all pretense, \ldblquote Professor Umbridge won\rquote t be at all happy if you bring anything to class that\rquote s too dangerous \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dangerous?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking genially bemused. \ldblquote Don\rquote  be silly, I wouldn\rquote  give yeh anythin\rquote  dangerous! I mean, all righ\rquote , they can look after themselves \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, you\rquote ve got to pass Umbridge\rquote s inspection, and to do that it would really be better if she saw you teaching us how to look after porlocks, how to tell the difference between knarls and hedgehogs, stuff like that!\rdblquote  said Hermione earnestly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But tha\rquote s not very interestin\rquote , Hermione,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote The stuff I\rquote ve got\rquote s much more impressive, I\rquote ve bin bringin\rquote  \rquote em on fer years, I reckon I\rquote ve got the on\rquote y domestic herd in Britain \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid \'85 please \'85\rdblquote  said Hermione, a note of real desperation in her voice. \ldblquote Umbridge is looking for any excuse to get rid of teach\-ers she thinks are too close to Dumbledore. Please, Hagrid, teach us something dull that\rquote s bound to come up in our O.W.L. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Hagrid merely yawned widely and cast a one-eyed look of longing toward the vast bed in the corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lis\rquote en, it\rquote s bin a long day an\rquote  it\rquote s late,\rdblquote  he said, patting Hermione gently on the shoulder, so that her knees gave way and hit the floor with a thud. \ldblquote Oh \emdash  sorry \emdash\rdblquote  He pulled her back up by the neck of her robes. \ldblquote Look, don\rquote  you go worryin\rquote  abou\rquote  me, I promise yeh I\rquote ve got really good stuff planned fer yer lessons now I\rquote m back. \'85 Now you lot had better get back up to the castle, an\rquote  don\rquote  forget ter wipe yer footprints out behind yeh!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno if you got through to him,\rdblquote  said Ron a short while later when, having checked that the coast was clear, they walked back up to the castle through the thickening snow, leaving no trace behind them due to the Obliteration Charm Hermione was performing as they went.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then I\rquote ll go back again tomorrow,\rdblquote  said Hermione determinedly. \ldblquote I\rquote ll plan his lessons for him if I have to. I don\rquote t care if she throws out Trelawney but she\rquote s not taking Hagrid!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 21\par
\pard\qc The Eye of the Snake\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Hermione plowed her way back to Hagrid\rquote s cabin through two feet of snow on Sunday morning. Harry and Ron wanted to go with her, but their mountain of homework had reached an alarm\-ing height again, so they grudgingly remained in the common room, trying to ignore the gleeful shouts drifting up from the grounds out\-side, where students were enjoying themselves skating on the frozen lake, tobogganing, and worst of all, bewitching snowballs to zoom up to Gryffindor Tower and rap hard on the windows.\par
\ldblquote Oy!\rdblquote  bellowed Ron, finally losing patience and sticking his head out of the window, \ldblquote I am a prefect and if one more snowball hits this window \emdash  OUCH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He withdrew his head sharply, his face covered in snow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Fred and George,\rdblquote  he said bitterly, slamming the window be\-hind him. \ldblquote Gits \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione returned from Hagrid\rquote s just before lunch, shivering slightly, her robes damp to the knees.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking up when she entered. \ldblquote Got all his lessons planned for him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I tried,\rdblquote  she said dully, sinking into a chair beside Harry. She pulled out her wand and gave it a complicated little wave so that hot air streamed out of the tip; she then pointed this at her robes, which began to steam as they dried out. \ldblquote He wasn\rquote t even there when I ar\-rived, I was knocking for at least half an hour. And then he came stumping out of the forest \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry groaned. The Forbidden Forest was teeming with the kind of creatures most likely to get Hagrid the sack. \ldblquote What\rquote s he keeping in there? Did he say?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Hermione miserably. \ldblquote He says he wants them to be a surprise. I tried to explain about Umbridge, but he just doesn\rquote t get it. He kept saying nobody in their right mind would rather study knarls than chimaeras \emdash  oh I don\rquote t think he\rquote s \i got\i0  a chimaera,\rdblquote  she added at the appalled look on Harry and Ron\rquote s faces, \ldblquote but that\rquote s not for lack of trying from what he said about how hard it is to get eggs. \'85 I don\rquote t know how many times I told him he\rquote d be better off following Grubbly-Plank\rquote s plan, I honestly don\rquote t think he listened to half of what I said. He\rquote s in a bit of a funny mood, you know. He still won\rquote t say how he got all those injuries. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s reappearance at the staff table at breakfast next day was not greeted by enthusiasm from all students. Some, like Fred, George, and Lee, roared with delight and sprinted up the aisle between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables to wring Hagrid\rquote s enormous hand; others, like Parvati and Lavender, exchanged gloomy looks and shook their heads. Harry knew that many of them preferred Professor Grubbly-Plank\rquote s lessons, and the worst of it was that a very small, un\-biased part of him knew that they had good reason: Grubbly-Plank\rquote s idea of an interesting class was not one where there was a risk that somebody might have their head ripped off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was with a certain amount of apprehension that Harry, Ron, and Hermione headed down to Hagrid\rquote s on Tuesday, heavily muffled against the cold. Harry was worried, not only about what Hagrid\lang3081  \lang1033 might have decided to teach them, but also about how the rest of the class, particularly Malfoy and his cronies, would behave if Umbridge was watching them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 However, the High Inquisitor was nowhere to be seen as they strug\-gled through the snow toward Hagrid, who stood waiting for them on the edge of the forest. He did not present a reassuring sight; the bruises that had been purple on Saturday night were now tinged with green and yellow and some of his cuts still seemed to be bleeding. Harry could not understand this: Had Hagrid perhaps been attacked by some creature whose venom prevented the wounds it inflicted from healing? As though to complete the ominous picture, Hagrid was carrying what looked like half a dead cow over his shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re workin\rquote  in here today!\rdblquote  Hagrid called happily to the ap\-proaching students, jerking his head back at the dark trees behind him. \ldblquote Bit more sheltered! Anyway, they prefer the dark. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What prefers the dark?\rdblquote  Harry heard Malfoy say sharply to Crabbe and Goyle, a trace of panic in his voice. \ldblquote What did he say prefers the dark \emdash  did you hear?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry remembered the only occasion on which Malfoy had entered the forest before now; he had not been very brave then either. He smiled to himself; after the Quidditch match anything that caused Malfoy discomfort was all right with him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ready?\rdblquote  said Hagrid happily, looking around at the class. \ldblquote Right, well, I\rquote ve bin savin\rquote  a trip inter the forest fer yer fifth year. Thought we\rquote d go an\rquote  see these creatures in their natural habitat. Now, what we\rquote re studyin\rquote  today is pretty rare, I reckon I\rquote m probably the on\rquote y per\-son in Britain who\rquote s managed ter train \rquote em \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you\rquote re sure they\rquote re trained, are you?\rdblquote  said Malfoy, the panic in his voice even more pronounced now. \ldblquote Only it wouldn\rquote t be the first time you\rquote d brought wild stuff to class, would it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Slytherins murmured agreement and a few Gryffindors looked as though they thought Malfoy had a fair point too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course they\rquote re trained,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, scowling and hoisting the dead cow a little higher on his shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what happened to your face, then?\rdblquote  demanded Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mind yer own business!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, angrily. \ldblquote Now if yeh\rquote ve fin\-ished askin\rquote  stupid questions, follow me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned and strode straight into the forest. Nobody seemed much disposed to follow. Harry glanced at Ron and Hermione, who sighed but nodded, and the three of them set off after Hagrid, leading the rest of the class.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They walked for about ten minutes until they reached a place where the trees stood so closely together that it was as dark as twilight and there was no snow on the ground at all. Hagrid deposited his half a cow with a grunt on the ground, stepped back, and turned to face his class again, most of whom were creeping toward him from tree to tree, peering around nervously as though expecting to be set upon at any moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gather roun\rquote , gather roun\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid encouragingly. \ldblquote Now, they\rquote ll be attracted by the smell o\rquote  the meat but I\rquote m goin\rquote  ter give \rquote em a call anyway, \rquote cause they\rquote ll like ter know it\rquote s me. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned, shook his shaggy head to get the hair out of his face, and gave an odd, shrieking cry that echoed through the dark trees like the call of some monstrous bird. Nobody laughed; most of them looked too scared to make a sound.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid gave the shrieking cry again. A minute passed in which the class continued to peer nervously over their shoulders and around trees for a first glimpse of whatever it was that was coming. And then, as Hagrid shook his hair back for a third time and expanded his enor\-mous chest, Harry nudged Ron and pointed into the black space be\-tween two gnarled yew trees.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A pair of blank, white, shining eyes were growing larger through the gloom and a moment later the dragonish face, neck, and then skeletal body of a great, black, winged horse emerged from the dark\-ness. It looked around at the class for a few seconds, swishing its long black tail, then bowed its head and began to tear flesh from the dead cow with its pointed fangs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A great wave of relief broke over Harry. Here at last was proof that he had not imagined these creatures, that they were real: Hagrid knew about them too. He looked eagerly at Ron, but Ron was still staring around into the trees and after a few seconds he whispered, \ldblquote Why doesn\rquote t Hagrid call again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Most of the rest of the class were wearing expressions as confused and nervously expectant as Ron\rquote s and were still gazing everywhere but at the horse standing feet from them. There were only two other peo\-ple who seemed to be able to see them: a stringy Slytherin boy standing just behind Goyle was watching the horse eating with an expression of great distaste on his face, and Neville, whose eyes were following the swishing progress of the long black tail.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, an\rquote  here comes another one!\rdblquote  said Hagrid proudly, as a second black horse appeared out of the dark trees, folded its leathery wings closer to its body, and dipped its head to gorge on the meat. \ldblquote Now \'85 put yer hands up, who can see \rquote em?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Immensely pleased to feel that he was at last going to understand the mystery of these horses, Harry raised his hand. Hagrid nodded at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 yeah, I knew you\rquote d be able ter, Harry,\rdblquote  he said seriously. \ldblquote An\rquote  you too, Neville, eh? An\rquote  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excuse me,\rdblquote  said Malfoy in a sneering voice, \ldblquote but what exactly are we supposed to be seeing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For answer, Hagrid pointed at the cow carcass on the ground. The whole class stared at it for a few seconds, then several people gasped and Parvati squealed. Harry understood why: Bits of flesh stripping themselves away from the bones and vanishing into thin air had to look very odd indeed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s doing it?\rdblquote  Parvati demanded in a terrified voice, retreating behind the nearest tree. \ldblquote What\rquote s eating it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thestrals,\rdblquote  said Hagrid proudly and Hermione gave a soft \ldblquote oh!\rdblquote  of comprehension at Harry\rquote s shoulder. \ldblquote Hogwarts has got a whole herd of \rquote em in here. Now, who knows \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But they\rquote re really, really unlucky!\rdblquote  interrupted Parvati, looking alarmed. \ldblquote They\rquote re supposed to bring all sorts of horrible misfortune on people who see them. Professor Trelawney told me once \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, no,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, chuckling, \ldblquote tha\rquote s jus\rquote  superstition, that is, they aren\rquote  unlucky, they\rquote re dead clever an\rquote  useful! \rquote Course, this lot don\rquote  get a lot o\rquote  work, it\rquote s mainly jus\rquote  pullin\rquote  the school carriages un\-less Dumbledore\rquote s takin\rquote  a long journey an\rquote  don\rquote  want ter Apparate \emdash  an\rquote  here\rquote s another couple, look \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Two more horses came quietly out of the trees, one of them passing very close to Parvati, who shivered and pressed herself closer to the tree, saying, \ldblquote I think I felt something, I think it\rquote s near me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote  worry, it won\rquote  hurt yeh,\rdblquote  said Hagrid patiently. \ldblquote Righ\rquote , now, who can tell me why some o\rquote  you can see them an\rquote  some can\rquote t?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione raised her hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go on then,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, beaming at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The only people who can see thestrals,\rdblquote  she said, \ldblquote are people who have seen death.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tha\rquote s exactly right,\rdblquote  said Hagrid solemnly, \ldblquote ten points ter Gryffin\-dor. Now, thestrals \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hem, hem.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge had arrived. She was standing a few feet away from Harry, wearing her green hat and cloak again, her clipboard at the ready. Hagrid, who had never heard Umbridge\rquote s fake cough be\-fore, was gazing in some concern at the closest thestral, evidently un\-der the impression that it had made the sound.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hem, hem.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh hello!\rdblquote  Hagrid said, smiling, having located the source of the noise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You received the note I sent to your cabin this morning?\rdblquote  said\lang3081  \lang1033 Umbridge, in the same loud, slow voice she had used with him earlier, as though she was addressing somebody both foreign and very slow. \ldblquote Telling you that I would be inspecting your lesson?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  said Hagrid brightly. \ldblquote Glad yeh found the place all righ\rquote ! Well, as you can see \emdash  or, I dunno \emdash  can you? We\rquote re doin\rquote  thestrals today \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry?\rdblquote  said Umbridge loudly, cupping her hand around her ear and frowning. \ldblquote What did you say?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid looked a little confused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  \i thestrals\i0 !\rdblquote  he said loudly. \ldblquote Big \emdash  er \emdash  winged horses, yeh know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He flapped his gigantic arms hopefully. Professor Umbridge raised her eyebrows at him and muttered as she made a note on her clipboard, \ldblquote  \lquote\i has\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 to\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 resort\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 to\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 crude\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 sign \'85 language\lang3081\i0  \'85\rquote  \rdblquote\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 anyway \'85\rdblquote  said Hagrid, turning back to the class and looking slightly flustered. \ldblquote Erm \'85 what was I sayin\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Appears\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 to \'85 have\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 poor\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 short\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 term \'85 memory\lang3081\i0  \'85\rquote  \rdblquote  \lang1033 muttered Umbridge, loudly enough for everyone to hear her. Draco Malfoy looked as though Christmas had come a month early; Hermi\-one, on the other hand, had turned scarlet with suppressed rage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, throwing an uneasy glance at Umbridge\rquote s clipboard, but plowing on valiantly. \ldblquote Yeah, I was gonna tell yeh how come we got a herd. Yeah, so, we started off with a male an\rquote  five fe\-males. This one,\rdblquote  he patted the first horse to have appeared, \ldblquote name o\rquote  Tenebrus, he\rquote s my special favorite, firs\rquote  one born here in the forest \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you aware,\rdblquote  Umbridge said loudly, interrupting him, \ldblquote that the Ministry of Magic has classified thestrals as \lquote dangerous\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart sank like a stone, but Hagrid merely chuckled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thestrals aren\rquote  dangerous! All righ, they might take a bite outta you if yeh really annoy them \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Shows \'85 signs \'85\lang3081  \lang1033 of\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 pleasure \'85 at\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 idea \'85\lang3081  \lang1033 of\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 vio\-lence\i0  \'85 \lquote  \rdblquote  muttered Umbridge, scribbling on her clipboard again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  come on!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking a little anxious now. \ldblquote I mean, a dog\rquote ll bite if yeh bait it, won\rquote  it \emdash  but thestrals have jus\rquote  got a bad reputation because o\rquote  the death thing \emdash  people used ter think they were bad omens, didn\rquote  they? Jus\rquote  didn\rquote  understand, did they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge did not answer; she finished writing her last note, then looked up at Hagrid and said, again very loudly and slowly, \ldblquote Please continue teaching as usual. I am going to walk\rdblquote  \emdash  she mimed walk\-ing \emdash  Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson were having silent fits of laughter \emdash  \ldblquote among the students\rdblquote  \emdash  she pointed around at individual mem\-bers of the class \emdash  \ldblquote and ask them questions.\rdblquote  She pointed at her mouth to indicate talking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid stared at her, clearly at a complete loss to understand why she was acting as though he did not understand normal English. Hermione had tears of fury in her eyes now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You hag, you evil hag!\rdblquote  she whispered, as Umbridge walked to\-ward Pansy Parkinson. \ldblquote I know what you\rquote re doing, you awful, twisted, vicious \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Erm \'85 anyway,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, clearly struggling to regain the flow of his lesson, \ldblquote so \emdash  thestrals. Yeah. Well, there\rquote s loads o\rquote  good stuff abou\rquote  them. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you find,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge in a ringing voice to Pansy Parkinson, \ldblquote that you are able to understand Professor Hagrid when he talks?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Just like Hermione, Pansy had tears in her eyes, but these were tears of laughter; indeed, her answer was almost incoherent because she was trying to suppress her giggles. \ldblquote No \'85 because \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 it sounds \'85 like grunting a lot of the time. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge scribbled on her clipboard. The few unbruised bits of Hagrid\rquote s face flushed, but he tried to act as though he had not heard Pansy\rquote s answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85 yeah \'85 good stuff abou\rquote  thestrals. Well, once they\rquote re\lang3081  \lang1033 tamed, like this lot, yeh\rquote ll never be lost again. \lquote Mazin\rquote  senses o\rquote  direc\-tion, jus\rquote  tell \rquote em where yeh want ter go \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Assuming they can understand you, of course,\rdblquote  said Malfoy loudly, and Pansy Parkinson collapsed in a fit of renewed giggles. Pro\-fessor Umbridge smiled indulgently at them and then turned to Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can see the thestrals, Longbottom, can you?\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whom did you see die?\rdblquote  she asked, her tone indifferent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My \'85 my grandad,\rdblquote  said Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what do you think of them?\rdblquote  she said, waving her stubby hand at the horses, who by now had stripped a great deal of the car\-cass down to bone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Erm,\rdblquote  said Neville nervously, with a glance at Hagrid. \ldblquote Well, they\rquote re \'85 er \'85 okay. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Students\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 are\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 too \'85 intimidated\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 to \'85 admit\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 they \'85 are\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081  \lang1033 frightened. \'85\i0\rquote  \rdblquote  muttered Umbridge, making another note on her clipboard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Neville, looking upset, \ldblquote no, I\rquote m not scared of them \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s quite all right,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, patting Neville on the shoul\-der with what she evidently intended to be an understanding smile, though it looked more like a leer to Harry. \ldblquote Well, Hagrid,\rdblquote  she turned to look up at him again, speaking once more in that loud, slow voice, \ldblquote I think I\rquote ve got enough to be getting along with. \'85 You will re\-ceive\rdblquote  \emdash  she mimed taking something from the air in front of her \emdash  \ldblquote the results of your inspection\rdblquote  \emdash  she pointed at the clipboard \emdash  \ldblquote in ten days\rquote  time.\rdblquote  She held up ten stubby little fingers, then, her smile wider and more toadlike than ever before beneath her green hat, she bustled from their midst, leaving Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson in fits of laughter, Hermione actually shaking with fury, and Neville looking confused and upset.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That foul, lying, twisting old gargoyle!\rdblquote  stormed Hermione half an hour later, as they made their way back up to the castle through the channels they had made earlier in the snow. \ldblquote You see what she\rquote s up to? It\rquote s her thing about half-breeds all over again \emdash  she\rquote s trying to make out Hagrid\rquote s some kind of dim-witted troll, just because he had a gi\-antess for a mother \emdash  and oh, it\rquote s not fair, that really wasn\rquote t a bad les\-son at all \emdash  I mean, all right, if it had been Blast-Ended Skrewts again, but thestrals are fine \emdash  in fact, for Hagrid, they\rquote re really good!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Umbridge said they\rquote re dangerous,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s like Hagrid said, they can look after themselves,\rdblquote  said Hermione impatiently, \ldblquote and I suppose a teacher like Grubbly-Plank wouldn\rquote t usually show them to us before N.E.W.T. level, but, well, they \i are\i0  very interesting, aren\rquote t they? The way some people can see them and some can\rquote t! I wish I could.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you?\rdblquote  Harry asked her quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked horrorstruck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh Harry \emdash  I\rquote m sorry \emdash  no, of course I don\rquote t \emdash  that was a re\-ally stupid thing to say \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s okay,\rdblquote  he said quickly, \ldblquote don\rquote t worry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m surprised so many people \i could\i0  see them,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Three in a class \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, Weasley, we were just wondering,\rdblquote  said a malicious voice nearby. Unheard by any of them in the muffling snow, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were walking along right behind them. \ldblquote D\rquote you reckon if you saw someone snuff it you\rquote d be able to see the Quaffle better?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He, Crabbe, and Goyle roared with laughter as they pushed past on their way to the castle and then broke into a chorus of \ldblquote Weasley Is Our King.\rdblquote  Ron\rquote s ears turned scarlet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ignore them, just ignore them,\rdblquote  intoned Hermione, pulling out her wand and performing the charm to produce hot air again, so that\lang3081  \lang1033 she could melt them an easier path through the untouched snow be\-tween them and the greenhouses.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 December arrived, bringing with it more snow and a positive avalanche of homework for the fifth years. Ron and Hermione\rquote s pre\-fect duties also became more and more onerous as Christmas ap\-proached. They were called upon to supervise the decoration of the castle (\ldblquote You try putting up tinsel when Peeves has got the other end and is trying to strangle you with it,\rdblquote  said Ron), to watch over first and second years spending their break times inside because of the bit\-ter cold (\ldblquote And they\rquote re cheeky little snotrags, you know, we definitely weren\rquote t that rude when we were in first year,\rdblquote  said Ron), and to patrol the corridors in shifts with Argus Filch, who suspected that the holi\-day spirit might show itself in an outbreak of wizard duels (\ldblquote He\rquote s got dung for brains, that one,\rdblquote  said Ron furiously). They were so busy that Hermione had stopped knitting elf hats and was fretting that she was down to her last three.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All those poor elves I haven\rquote t set free yet, having to stay over dur\-ing Christmas because there aren\rquote t enough hats!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who had not had the heart to tell her that Dobby was taking everything she made, bent lower over his History of Magic essay. In any case, he did not want to think about Christmas. For the first time in his school career, he very much wanted to spend the holidays away from Hogwarts. Between his Quidditch ban and worry about whether or not Hagrid was going to be put on probation, he felt highly resent\-ful toward the place at the moment. The only thing he really looked forward to were the D.A. meetings, and they would have to stop over the holidays, as nearly everybody in the D.A. would be spending the time with their families. Hermione was going skiing with her parents, something that greatly amused Ron, who had never before heard of Muggles strapping narrow strips of wood to their feet to slide down\lang3081  \lang1033 mountains. Ron, meanwhile, was going home to the Burrow. Harry endured several days of jealousy before Ron said, in response to Harry asking how Ron was going to get home for Christmas, \ldblquote But you\rquote re coming too! Didn\rquote t I say? Mum wrote and told me to invite you weeks ago!\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione rolled her eyes, but Harry\rquote s spirits soared: The thought of Christmas at the Burrow was truly wonderful, only slightly marred by Harry\rquote s guilty feeling that he would not be able to spend the holi\-day with Sirius. He wondered whether he could possibly persuade Mrs. Weasley to invite his godfather for the festivities too, but apart from the fact that he doubted whether Dumbledore would permit Sir\-ius to leave Grimmauld Place, he could not help but feel that Mrs. Weasley might not want him; they were so often at loggerheads. Sir\-ius had not contacted Harry at all since his last appearance in the fire, and although Harry knew that with Umbridge on the constant watch it would be unwise to attempt to contact him, he did not like to think of Sirius alone in his mother\rquote s old house, perhaps pulling a lonely cracker with Kreacher.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry arrived early in the Room of Requirement for the last D.A. meeting before the holidays and was very glad he had, because when the lamps burst into light he saw that Dobby had taken it upon him\-self to decorate the place for Christmas. He could tell the elf had done it, because nobody else would have strung a hundred golden baubles from the ceiling, each showing a picture of Harry\rquote s face and bearing the legend HAVE A VERY HARRY CHRISTMAS!\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had only just managed to get the last of them down before the door creaked open and Luna Lovegood entered, looking dreamy as always.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  she said vaguely, looking around at what remained of the decorations. \ldblquote These are nice, did you put them up?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote it was Dobby the house-elf.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mistletoe,\rdblquote  said Luna dreamily, pointing at a large clump of white berries placed almost over Harry\rquote s head. He jumped out from under it. \ldblquote Good thinking,\rdblquote  said Luna very seriously. \ldblquote It\rquote s often infested with nargles.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was saved the necessity of asking what nargles were by the arrival of Angelina, Katie, and Alicia. All three of them were breath\-less and looked very cold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Angelina dully, pulling off her cloak and throwing it into a corner, \ldblquote we\rquote ve replaced you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Replaced me?\rdblquote  said Harry blankly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You and Fred and George,\rdblquote  she said impatiently. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got an\-other Seeker!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny Weasley,\rdblquote  said Katie.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry gaped at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I know,\rdblquote  said Angelina, pulling out her wand and flexing her arm. \ldblquote But she\rquote s pretty good, actually. Nothing on you, of course,\rdblquote  she said, throwing him a very dirty look, \ldblquote but as we can\rquote t have you \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry bit back the retort he was longing to utter: Did she imagine for a second that he did not regret his expulsion from the team a hun\-dred times more than she did?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what about the Beaters?\rdblquote  he asked, trying to keep his voice even.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Andrew Kirke,\rdblquote  said Alicia without enthusiasm, \ldblquote and Jack Sloper. Neither of them are brilliant, but compared with the rest of the idiots who turned up \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The arrival of Ron, Hermione, and Neville brought this depressing discussion to an end and within five minutes, the room was full enough to prevent him seeing Angelina\rquote s burning, reproachful looks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  he said, calling them all to order. \ldblquote I thought this evening we should just go over the things we\rquote ve done so far, because it\rquote s the last\lang3081  \lang1033 meeting before the holidays and there\rquote s no point starting anything new right before a three-week break \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not doing anything new?\rdblquote  said Zacharias Smith, in a dis\-gruntled whisper loud enough to carry through the room. \ldblquote If I\rquote d known that, I wouldn\rquote t have come. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re all really sorry Harry didn\rquote t tell you, then,\rdblquote  said Fred loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Several people sniggered. Harry saw Cho laughing and felt the fa\-miliar swooping sensation in his stomach, as though he had missed a step going downstairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can practice in pairs,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We\rquote ll start with the Im\-pediment Jinx, just for ten minutes, then we can get out the cushions and try Stunning again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all divided up obediently; Harry partnered Neville as usual. The room was soon full of intermittent cries of \ldblquote\i Impedimenta\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 People froze for a minute or so, during which their partners would stare aimlessly around the room watching other pairs at work, then would unfreeze and take their turn at the jinx.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville had improved beyond all recognition. After a while, when Harry had unfrozen three times in a row, he had Neville join Ron and Hermione again so that he could walk around the room and watch the others. When he passed Cho she beamed at him; he resisted the temp\-tation to walk past her several more times.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After ten minutes on the Impediment Jinx, they laid out cushions all over the floor and started practicing Stunning again. Space was really too confined to allow them all to work this spell at once; half the group observed the others for a while, then swapped over. Harry felt himself positively swelling with pride as he watched them all. True, Neville did Stun Padma Patil rather than Dean, at whom he had been aiming, but it was a much closer miss than usual, and everybody else had made enormous progress.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At the end of an hour, Harry called a halt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re getting really good,\rdblquote  he said, beaming around at them. \ldblquote When we get back from the holidays we can start doing some of the big stuff\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  maybe even Patronuses.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a murmur of excitement. The room began to clear in the usual twos and threes; most people wished Harry a Happy Christmas as they went. Feeling cheerful, he collected up the cushions with Ron and Hermione and stacked them neatly away. Ron and Hermione left before he did; he hung back a little, because Cho was still there and he was hoping to receive a Merry Christmas from her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, you go on,\rdblquote  he heard her say to her friend Marietta, and his heart gave a jolt that seemed to take it into the region of his Adam\rquote s apple.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pretended to be straightening the cushion pile. He was quite sure they were alone now and waited for her to speak. Instead, he heard a hearty sniff.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned and saw Cho standing in the middle of the room, tears pouring down her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wha \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He didn\rquote t know what to do. She was simply standing there, crying silently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s up?\rdblquote  he said feebly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She shook her head and wiped her eyes on her sleeve. \ldblquote I\rquote m \emdash  sorry,\rdblquote  she said thickly. \ldblquote I suppose \'85 it\rquote s just\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 learning all this stuff. \'85 It just makes me \'85 wonder whether \'85 if \i he\rquote d\i0  known it all \'85 he\rquote d still be alive. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart sank right back past its usual spot and settled some\-where around his navel. He ought to have known. She wanted to talk about Cedric.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He did know this stuff,\rdblquote  Harry said heavily. \ldblquote He was really good at it, or he could never have got to the middle of that maze. But if Voldemort really wants to kill you, you don\rquote t stand a chance.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She hiccuped at the sound of Voldemort\rquote s name, but stared at Harry without flinching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You \i0 survived when you were just a baby,\rdblquote  she said quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well,\rdblquote  said Harry wearily, moving toward the door, \ldblquote I dunno why, nor does anyone else, so it\rquote s nothing to be proud of.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh don\rquote t go!\rdblquote  said Cho, sounding tearful again. \ldblquote I\rquote m really sorry to get all upset like this. \'85 I didn\rquote t mean to. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She hiccuped again. She was very pretty even when her eyes were red and puffy. Harry felt thoroughly miserable. He\rquote d have been so pleased just with a Merry Christmas. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know it must be horrible for you,\rdblquote  she said, mopping her eyes on her sleeve again. \ldblquote Me mentioning Cedric, when you saw him die. \'85 I suppose you just want to forget about it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not say anything to this; it was quite true, but he felt heartless saying it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re a r-really good teacher, you know,\rdblquote  said Cho, with a watery smile. \ldblquote I\rquote ve never been able to Stun anything before.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry awkwardly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They looked at each other for a long moment. Harry felt a burning desire to run from the room and, at the same time, a complete inabil\-ity to move his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mistletoe,\rdblquote  said Cho quietly, pointing at the ceiling over his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. His mouth was very dry. \ldblquote It\rquote s probably full of nargles, though.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are nargles?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  said Harry. She had moved closer. His brain seemed to have been Stunned. \ldblquote You\rquote d have to ask Loony. Luna, I mean.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cho made a funny noise halfway between a sob and a laugh. She was even nearer him now. He could have counted the freckles on her nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I really like you, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not think. A tingling sensation was spreading throughout him, paralyzing his arms, legs, and brain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was much too close. He could see every tear clinging to her eyelashes. \'85\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 He returned to the common room half an hour later to find Hermione and Ron in the best seats by the fire; nearly everybody else had gone to bed. Hermione was writing a very long letter; she had al\-ready filled half a roll of parchment, which was dangling from the edge of the table. Ron was lying on the hearthrug, trying to finish his Transfiguration homework.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What kept you?\rdblquote  he asked, as Harry sank into the armchair next to Hermione\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer. He was in a state of shock. Half of him wanted to tell Ron and Hermione what had just happened, but the other half wanted to take the secret with him to the grave.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you all right, Harry?\rdblquote  Hermione asked, peering at him over the tip of her quill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry gave a halfhearted shrug. In truth, he didn\rquote t know whether he was all right or not. \ldblquote What\rquote s up?\rdblquote  said Ron, hoisting himself up on his elbow to get a clearer view of Harry. \ldblquote What\rquote s happened?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t quite know how to set about telling them, and still wasn\rquote t sure whether he wanted to. Just as he had decided not to say anything, Hermione took matters out of his hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it Cho?\rdblquote  she asked in a businesslike way. \ldblquote Did she corner you af\-ter the meeting?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Numbly surprised, Harry nodded. Ron sniggered, breaking off when Hermione caught his eye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \emdash  er \emdash  what did she want?\rdblquote  he asked in a mock casual voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began, rather hoarsely; he cleared his throat and tried again. \ldblquote She \emdash  er \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you kiss?\rdblquote  asked Hermione briskly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron sat up so fast that he sent his ink bottle flying all over the rug. Disregarding this completely he stared avidly at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  he demanded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked from Ron\rquote s expression of mingled curiosity and hilar\-ity to Hermione\rquote s slight frown, and nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HA!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron made a triumphant gesture with his fist and went into a rau\-cous peal of laughter that made several timid-looking second years over beside the window jump. A reluctant grin spread over Harry\rquote s face as he watched Ron rolling around on the hearthrug. Hermione gave Ron a look of deep disgust and returned to her letter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  Ron said finally, looking up at Harry. \ldblquote How was it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry considered for a moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wet,\rdblquote  he said truthfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron made a noise that might have indicated jubilation or disgust, it was hard to tell.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because she was crying,\rdblquote  Harry continued heavily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Ron, his smile fading slightly. \ldblquote Are you that bad at kissing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry, who hadn\rquote t considered this, and immediately felt rather worried. \ldblquote Maybe I am.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course you\rquote re not,\rdblquote  said Hermione absently, still scribbling away at her letter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you know?\rdblquote  said Ron in a sharp voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because Cho spends half her time crying these days,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione vaguely. \ldblquote She does it at mealtimes, in the loos, all over the place.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d think a bit of kissing would cheer her up,\rdblquote  said Ron, grinning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a dignified voice, dipping the point of her\lang3081  \lang1033 quill into her ink pot, \ldblquote you are the most insensitive wart I have ever had the misfortune to meet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that supposed to mean?\rdblquote  said Ron indignantly. \ldblquote What sort of person cries while someone\rquote s kissing them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, slightly desperately, \ldblquote who does?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked at the pair of them with an almost pitying ex\-pression on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you understand how Cho\rquote s feeling at the moment?\rdblquote  she asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione sighed and laid down her quill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, obviously, she\rquote s feeling very sad, because of Cedric dying. Then I expect she\rquote s feeling confused because she liked Cedric and now she likes Harry, and she can\rquote t work out who she likes best. Then she\rquote ll be feeling guilty, thinking it\rquote s an insult to Cedric\rquote s memory to be kiss\-ing Harry at all, and she\rquote ll be worrying about what everyone else might say about her if she starts going out with Harry. And she prob\-ably can\rquote t work out what her feelings toward Harry are anyway, be\-cause he was the one who was with Cedric when Cedric died, so that\rquote s all very mixed up and painful. Oh, and she\rquote s afraid she\rquote s going to be thrown off the Ravenclaw Quidditch team because she\rquote s been flying so badly.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A slightly stunned silence greeted the end of this speech, then Ron said, \ldblquote One person can\rquote t feel all that at once, they\rquote d explode.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just because you\rquote ve got the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn\rquote t mean we all have,\rdblquote  said Hermione nastily, picking up her quill again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She was the one who started it,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t\rquote ve \emdash  she just sort of came at me \emdash  and next thing she\rquote s crying all over me \emdash  I didn\rquote t know what to do \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t blame you, mate,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking alarmed at the very thought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You just had to be nice to her,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking up anx\-iously. \ldblquote You were, weren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Harry, an unpleasant heat creeping up his face, \ldblquote I sort of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  patted her on the back a bit.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked as though she was restraining herself from rolling her eyes with extreme difficulty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I suppose it could have been worse,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Are you go\-ing to see her again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll have to, won\rquote t I?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got D.A. meetings, haven\rquote t we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what I mean,\rdblquote  said Hermione impatiently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said nothing. Hermione\rquote s words opened up a whole new vista of frightening possibilities. He tried to imagine going somewhere with Cho \emdash  Hogsmeade, perhaps \emdash  and being alone with her for hours at a time. Of course, she would have been expecting him to ask her out after what had just happened. \'85 The thought made his stomach clench painfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh well,\rdblquote  said Hermione distantly, buried in her letter once more, \ldblquote you\rquote ll have plenty of opportunities to ask her. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What if he doesn\rquote t want to ask her?\rdblquote  said Ron, who had been watching Harry with an unusually shrewd expression on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be silly,\rdblquote  said Hermione vaguely, \ldblquote Harry\rquote s liked her for ages, haven\rquote t you, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not answer. Yes, he had liked Cho for ages, but whenever he had imagined a scene involving the two of them it had always featured a Cho who was enjoying herself, as opposed to a Cho who was sob\-bing uncontrollably into his shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote re you writing the novel to anyway?\rdblquote  Ron asked Hermione, trying to read the bit of parchment now trailing on the floor. Hermione hitched it up out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Viktor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Krum\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How many other Viktors do we know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron said nothing, but looked disgruntled. They sat in silence for another twenty minutes, Ron finishing his Transfiguration essay with many snorts of impatience and crossings-out, Hermione writing steadily to the very end of the parchment, rolling it up carefully and sealing it, and Harry staring into the fire, wishing more than anything that Sirius\rquote s head would appear there and give him some advice about girls. But the fire merely crackled lower and lower, until the red-hot embers crumbled into ash and, looking around, Harry saw that they were, yet again, the last in the common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, \rquote night,\rdblquote  said Hermione, yawning widely, and she set off up the girls\rquote  staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What does she see in Krum?\rdblquote  Ron demanded as he and Harry climbed the boys\rquote  stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Harry, considering the matter, \ldblquote I s\rquote pose he\rquote s older, isn\rquote t he \'85 and he\rquote s an international Quidditch player. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but apart from that,\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding aggravated. \ldblquote I mean he\rquote s a grouchy git, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bit grouchy, yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, whose thoughts were still on Cho.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They pulled off their robes and put on pajamas in silence; Dean, Seamus, and Neville were already asleep. Harry put his glasses on his bedside table and got into bed but did not pull the hangings closed around his four-poster; instead he stared at the patch of starry sky vis\-ible through the window next to Neville\rquote s bed. If he had known, this time last night, that in twenty-four hours\rquote  time he would have kissed Cho Chang \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Night,\rdblquote  grunted Ron, from somewhere to his right.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Night,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Maybe next time \'85 if there was a next time \'85 she\rquote d be a bit happier. He ought to have asked her out; she had probably been\lang3081  \lang1033 expecting it and was now really angry with him \'85 or was she lying in bed, still crying about Cedric? He did not know what to think. Hermione\rquote s explanation had made it all seem more complicated rather than easier to understand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i That\rquote s what they should teach us here, \i0 he thought, turning over onto his side, \i how girls\rquote  brains work \'85 it\rquote d be more useful than Divination anyway. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Neville snuffled in his sleep. An owl hooted somewhere out in the night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dreamed he was back in the D.A. room. Cho was accusing him of luring her there under false pretenses; she said that he had promised her a hundred and fifty Chocolate Frog cards if she showed up. Harry protested. \'85 Cho shouted, \ldblquote\i Cedric gave me loads of Choco\-late Frog cards, look\i0 !\rdblquote  And she pulled out fistfuls of cards from inside her robes and threw them into the air, and then turned into Hermione, who said, \ldblquote\i You did promise her, you know, Harry. \'85 I think you\rquote d better give her something else instead. \'85 How about your Firebolt\i0 ?\rdblquote  And Harry was protesting that he could not give Cho his Firebolt because Umbridge had it, and anyway the whole thing was ridiculous, he\rquote d only come to the D.A. room to put up some Christ\-mas baubles shaped like Dobby\rquote s head. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dream changed. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His body felt smooth, powerful, and flexible. He was gliding be\-tween shining metal bars, across dark, cold stone. \'85 He was flat against the floor, sliding along on his belly. \'85 It was dark, yet he could see objects around him shimmering in strange, vibrant colors. \'85 He was turning his head. \'85 At first glance, the corridor was empty\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but no \'85 a man was sitting on the floor ahead, his chin drooping onto his chest, his outline gleaming in the dark. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry put out his tongue. \'85 He tasted the man\rquote s scent on the air. \'85 He was alive but drowsing \'85 sitting in front of a door at the end of the corridor \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry longed to bite the man \'85 but he must master the impulse. \'85 He had more important work to do. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the man was stirring \'85 a silvery cloak fell from his legs as he jumped to his feet; and Harry saw his vibrant, blurred outline tower\-ing above him, saw a wand withdrawn from a belt. \'85 He had no choice. \'85 He reared high from the floor and struck once, twice, three times, plunging his fangs deeply into the man\rquote s flesh, feeling his ribs splinter beneath his jaws, feeling the warm gush of blood. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The man was yelling in pain \'85 then he fell silent. \'85 He slumped backward against the wall. \'85 Blood was splattering onto the floor. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His forehead hurt terribly. \'85 It was aching fit to burst. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! HARRY!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened his eyes. Every inch of his body was covered in icy sweat; his bedcovers were twisted all around him like a straitjacket; he felt as though a white-hot poker was being applied to his forehead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Harry\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was standing over him looking extremely frightened. There were more figures at the foot of Harry\rquote s bed. He clutched his head in his hands; the pain was blinding him. \'85 He rolled right over and vomited over the edge of the mattress.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s really ill,\rdblquote  said a scared voice. \ldblquote Should we call someone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! \i Harry\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had to tell Ron, it was very important that he tell him. \'85 Tak\-ing great gulps of air, Harry pushed himself up in bed, willing himself not to throw up again, the pain half-blinding him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your dad,\rdblquote  he panted, his chest heaving. \ldblquote Your dad\rquote s \'85 been attacked. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron uncomprehendingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your dad! He\rquote s been bitten, it\rquote s serious, there was blood everywhere. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going for help,\rdblquote  said the same scared voice, and Harry heard footsteps running out of the dormitory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, mate,\rdblquote  said Ron uncertainly, \ldblquote you\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 you were just dreaming. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Harry furiously; it was crucial that Ron understand. \ldblquote It wasn\rquote t a dream \'85 not an ordinary dream. \'85 I was there, I saw it. \'85 I \i did\i0  it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could hear Seamus and Dean muttering but did not care. The pain in his forehead was subsiding slightly, though he was still sweat\-ing and shivering feverishly. He retched again and Ron leapt backward out of the way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you\rquote re not well,\rdblquote  he said shakily. \ldblquote Neville\rquote s gone for help. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m fine!\rdblquote  Harry choked, wiping his mouth on his pajamas and shaking uncontrollably. \ldblquote There\rquote s nothing wrong with me, it\rquote s your dad you\rquote ve got to worry about \emdash  we need to find out where he is \emdash  he\rquote s bleeding like mad \emdash  I was \emdash  it was a huge snake. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He tried to get out of bed but Ron pushed him back into it; Dean and Seamus were still whispering somewhere nearby. Whether one minute passed or ten, Harry did not know; he simply sat there shak\-ing, feeling the pain recede very slowly from his scar. \'85 Then there were hurried footsteps coming up the stairs, and he heard Neville\rquote s voice again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Over here, Professor \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall came hurrying into the dormitory in her tar\-tan dressing gown, her glasses perched lopsidedly on the bridge of her bony nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it, Potter? Where does it hurt?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had never been so pleased to see her; it was a member of the Or\-der of the Phoenix he needed now, not someone fussing over him and prescribing useless potions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Ron\rquote s dad,\rdblquote  he said, sitting up again. \ldblquote He\rquote s been attacked by a snake and it\rquote s serious, I saw it happen.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean, you saw it happen?\rdblquote  said Professor McGona\-gall, her dark eyebrows contracting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know. \'85 I was asleep and then I was there. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mean you dreamed this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Harry angrily. Would none of them understand? \ldblquote I was having a dream at first about something completely different, some\-thing stupid \'85 and then this interrupted it. It was real, I didn\rquote t imag\-ine it, Mr. Weasley was asleep on the floor and he was attacked by a gigantic snake, there was a load of blood, he collapsed, someone\rquote s got to find out where he is. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall was gazing at him through her lopsided spectacles as though horrified at what she was seeing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not lying, and I\rquote m not mad!\rdblquote  Harry told her, his voice rising to a shout. \ldblquote I tell you, I saw it happen!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I believe you, Potter,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall curtly. \ldblquote Put on your dressing-gown \emdash  we\rquote re going to see the headmaster.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 22\par
\pard\qc St. Mungo\rquote s Hospital for\par
Magical Maladies and Injuries\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry was so relieved that she was taking him seriously that he did not hesitate, but jumped out of bed at once, pulled on his dressing gown, and pushed his glasses back onto his nose.\par
\ldblquote Weasley, you ought to come too,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They followed Professor McGonagall past the silent figures of Neville, Dean, and Seamus, out of the dormitory, down the spiral stairs into the common room, through the portrait hole, and off along the Fat Lady\rquote s moonlit corridor. Harry felt as though the panic inside him might spill over at any moment; he wanted to run, to yell for Dumbledore. Mr. Weasley was bleeding as they walked along so se\-dately, and what if those fangs (Harry tried hard not to think \ldblquote my fangs\rdblquote ) had been poisonous? They passed Mrs. Norris, who turned her lamplike eyes upon them and hissed faintly, but Professor McGona\-gall said, \ldblquote Shoo!\rdblquote  Mrs. Norris slunk away into the shadows, and in a few minutes they had reached the stone gargoyle guarding the en\-trance to Dumbledore\rquote s office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fizzing Whizbee,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The gargoyle sprang to life and leapt aside; the wall behind it split in two to reveal a stone staircase that was moving continuously up\-ward like a spiral escalator. The three of them stepped onto the mov\-ing stairs; the wall closed behind them with a thud, and they were moving upward in tight circles until they reached the highly polished oak door with the brass knocker shaped like a griffin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Though it was now well past midnight, there were voices coming from inside the room, a positive babble of them. It sounded as though Dumbledore was entertaining at least a dozen people.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall rapped three times with the griffin knocker, and the voices ceased abruptly as though someone had switched them all off. The door opened of its own accord and Professor McGonagall led Harry and Ron inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The room was in half darkness; the strange silver instruments standing on tables were silent and still rather than whirring and emit\-ting puffs of smoke as they usually did. The portraits of old headmas\-ters and headmistresses covering the walls were all snoozing in their frames. Behind the door, a magnificent red-and-gold bird the size of a swan dozed on its perch with its head under its wing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s you, Professor McGonagall\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and \'85 \i ah.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore was sitting in a high-backed chair behind his desk; he leaned forward into the pool of candlelight illuminating the papers laid out before him. He was wearing a magnificently embroidered purple-and-gold dressing gown over a snowy-white nightshirt, but seemed wide awake, his penetrating light-blue eyes fixed intently upon Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore, Potter has had a \'85 well, a nightmare,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote He says \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It wasn\rquote t a nightmare,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall looked around at Harry, frowning slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well, then, Potter, you tell the headmaster about it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85 well, I \i was\i0  asleep. \'85\rdblquote  said Harry and even in his terror and\lang3081  \lang1033 his desperation to make Dumbledore understand he felt slightly irri\-tated that the headmaster was not looking at him, but examining his own interlocked fingers. \ldblquote But it wasn\rquote t an ordinary dream \'85 it was real. \'85 I saw it happen. \'85\rdblquote  He took a deep breath, \ldblquote Ron\rquote s dad \emdash  Mr. Weasley \emdash  has been attacked by a giant snake.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The words seemed to reverberate in the air after he had said them, slightly ridiculous, even comic. There was a pause in which Dumble\-dore leaned back and stared meditatively at the ceiling. Ron looked from Harry to Dumbledore, white-faced and shocked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you see this?\rdblquote  Dumbledore asked quietly, still not look\-ing at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Harry, rather angrily \emdash  what did it matter? \ldblquote Inside my head, I suppose \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You misunderstand me,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, still in the same calm tone. \ldblquote I mean \'85 can you remember \emdash  er \emdash  where you were posi\-tioned as you watched this attack happen? Were you perhaps standing beside the victim, or else looking down on the scene from above?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This was such a curious question that Harry gaped at Dumbledore; it was almost as though he knew \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was the snake,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I saw it all from the snake\rquote s point of view. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody else spoke for a moment, then Dumbledore, now looking at Ron, who was still whey-faced, said in a new and sharper voice, \ldblquote Is Arthur seriously injured?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Yes,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry emphatically \emdash  why were they all so slow on the uptake, did they not realize how much a person bled when fangs that long pierced their side? And why could Dumbledore not do him the courtesy of looking at him?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Dumbledore stood up so quickly that Harry jumped, and ad\-dressed one of the old portraits hanging very near the ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everard?\rdblquote  he said sharply. \ldblquote And you too, Dilys!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A\i  \i0 sallow-faced wizard with short, black bangs and an elderly witch\lang3081  \lang1033 with long silver ringlets in the frame beside him, both of whom seemed to have been in the deepest of sleeps, opened their eyes immediately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were listening?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wizard nodded, the witch said, \ldblquote Naturally.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The man has red hair and glasses,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Everard, you will need to raise the alarm, make sure he is found by the right people \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Both nodded and moved sideways out of their frames, but instead of emerging in neighboring pictures (as usually happened at Hog\-warts), neither reappeared; one frame now contained nothing but a backdrop of dark curtain, the other a handsome leather armchair. Harry noticed that many of the other headmasters and mistresses on the walls, though snoring and drooling most convincingly, kept sneaking peeks at him under their eyelids, and he suddenly under\-stood who had been talking when they had knocked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everard and Dilys were two of Hogwarts\rquote s most celebrated Heads,\rdblquote  Dumbledore said, now sweeping around Harry, Ron, and Professor McGonagall and approaching the magnificent sleeping bird on his perch beside the door. \ldblquote Their renown is such that both have portraits hanging in other important Wizarding institutions. As they are free to move between their own portraits they can tell us what may be hap\-pening elsewhere. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Mr. Weasley could be anywhere!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please sit down, all three of you,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, as though Harry had not spoken. \ldblquote Everard and Dilys may not be back for several minutes. \'85 Professor McGonagall, if you could draw up extra chairs \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall pulled her wand from the pocket of her dressing gown and waved it; three chairs appeared out of thin air, straight-backed and wooden, quite unlike the comfortable chintz armchairs that Dumbledore had conjured back at Harry\rquote s hearing. Harry sat down, watching Dumbledore over his shoulder. Dumble\-dore was now stroking Fawkes\rquote s plumed golden head with one finger. The phoenix awoke immediately. He stretched his beautiful head high and observed Dumbledore through bright, dark eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We will need,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore very quietly to the bird, \ldblquote a warning.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a flash of fire and the phoenix had gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore now swooped down upon one of the fragile silver in\-struments whose function Harry had never known, carried it over to his desk, sat down facing them again, and tapped it gently with the tip of his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The instrument tinkled into life at once with rhythmic clinking noises. Tiny puffs of pale green smoke issued from the minuscule sil\-ver tube at the top. Dumbledore watched the smoke closely, his brow furrowed, and after a few seconds, the tiny puffs became a steady stream of smoke that thickened and coiled in the air. \'85 A serpent\rquote s head grew out of the end of it, opening its mouth wide. Harry won\-dered whether the instrument was confirming his story: He looked eagerly at Dumbledore for a sign that he was right, but Dumbledore did not look up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Naturally, naturally,\rdblquote  murmured Dumbledore apparently to him\-self, still observing the stream of smoke without the slightest sign of surprise. \ldblquote But in essence divided?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could make neither head nor tail of this question. The smoke serpent, however, split itself instantly into two snakes, both coiling and undulating in the dark air. With a look of grim satisfaction Dumbledore gave the instrument another gentle tap with his wand: The clinking noise slowed and died, and the smoke serpents grew faint, became a formless haze, and vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore replaced the instrument upon its spindly little table; Harry saw many of the old headmasters in the portraits follow him with their eyes, then, realizing that Harry was watching them, hastily\lang3081  \lang1033 pretend to be sleeping again. Harry wanted to ask what the strange sil\-ver instrument was for, but before he could do so, there was a shout from the top of the wall to their right; the wizard called Everard had reappeared in his portrait, panting slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What news?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I yelled until someone came running,\rdblquote  said the wizard, who was mopping his brow on the curtain behind him, \ldblquote said I\rquote d heard some\-thing moving downstairs \emdash  they weren\rquote t sure whether to believe me but went down to check \emdash  you know there are no portraits down there to watch from. Anyway, they carried him up a few minutes later. He doesn\rquote t look good, he\rquote s covered in blood, I ran along to Elfrida Cragg\rquote s portrait to get a good view as they left \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore as Ron made a convulsive movement, \ldblquote I take it Dilys will have seen him arrive, then \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And moments later, the silver-ringletted witch had reappeared in her picture too; she sank, coughing, into her armchair and said, \ldblquote Yes, they\rquote ve taken him to St. Mungo\rquote s, Dumbledore. \'85 They carried him past under my portrait. \'85 He looks bad. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. He looked around at Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Minerva, I need you to go and wake the other Weasley children.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall got up and moved swiftly to the door; Harry cast a sideways glance at Ron, who was now looking terrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Dumbledore \emdash  what about Molly?\rdblquote  said Professor McGona\-gall, pausing at the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That will be a job for Fawkes when he has finished keeping a lookout for anybody approaching,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote But she may already know \'85 that excellent clock of hers \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry knew Dumbledore was referring to the clock that told, not the time, but the whereabouts and conditions of the various Weasley\lang3081  \lang1033 family members, and with a pang he thought that Mr. Weasley\rquote s hand must, even now, be pointing at \ldblquote mortal peril.\rdblquote  But it was very late. \'85 Mrs. Weasley was probably asleep, not watching the clock. \'85 And he felt cold as he remembered Mrs. Weasley\rquote s boggart turning into Mr. Weasley\rquote s lifeless body, his glasses askew, blood running down his face. \'85 But Mr. Weasley wasn\rquote t going to die. \'85 He couldn\rquote t. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore was now rummaging in a cupboard behind Harry and Ron. He emerged from it carrying a blackened old kettle, which he placed carefully upon his desk. He raised his wand and murmured \ldblquote\i Portus\i0\rdblquote ; for a moment the kettle trembled, glowing with an odd blue light, then it quivered to a rest, as solidly black as ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore marched over to another portrait, this time of a clever-looking wizard with a pointed beard, who had been painted wearing the Slytherin colors of green and silver and was apparently sleeping so deeply that he could not hear Dumbledore\rquote s voice when he attempted to rouse him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Phineas. \i Phineas.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now the subjects of the portraits lining the room were no longer pretending to be asleep; they were shifting around in their frames, the better to watch what was happening. When the clever-looking wizard continued to feign sleep, some of them shouted his name too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Phineas! \i Phineas\i0 ! PHINEAS!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not pretend any longer; he gave a theatrical jerk and opened his eyes wide.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did someone call?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I need you to visit your other portrait again, Phineas,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got another message.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Visit my other portrait?\rdblquote  said Phineas in a reedy voice, giving a long, fake yawn (his eyes traveling around the room and focusing upon Harry). \ldblquote Oh no, Dumbledore, I am too tired tonight. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something about Phineas\rquote s voice was familiar to Harry. Where had\lang3081  \lang1033 he heard it before? But before he could think, the portraits on the sur\-rounding walls broke into a storm of protest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Insubordination, sir!\rdblquote  roared a corpulent, red-nosed wizard, bran\-dishing his fists. \ldblquote Dereliction of duty!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We are honor-bound to give service to the present Headmaster of Hogwarts!\rdblquote  cried a frail-looking old wizard whom Harry recognized as Dumbledore\rquote s predecessor, Armando Dippet. \ldblquote Shame on you, Phineas!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shall I persuade him, Dumbledore?\rdblquote  called a gimlet-eyed witch, raising an unusually thick wand that looked not unlike a birch rod.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, very \i well,\rdblquote  \i0 said the wizard called Phineas, eyeing this wand slightly apprehensively, \ldblquote though he may well have destroyed my pic\-ture by now, he\rquote s done most of the family \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius knows not to destroy your portrait,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and Harry realized immediately where he had heard Phineas\rquote s voice before: issuing from the apparently empty frame in his bedroom in Grim\-mauld Place. \ldblquote You are to give him the message that Arthur Weasley has been gravely injured and that his wife, children, and Harry Potter will be arriving at his house shortly. Do you understand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur Weasley, injured, wife and children and Harry Potter coming to stay,\rdblquote  recited Phineas in a bored voice. \ldblquote Yes, yes \'85 very well. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sloped away into the frame of the portrait and disappeared from view at the very moment that the study door opened again. Fred, George, and Ginny were ushered inside by Professor McGonagall, all three of them looking disheveled and shocked, still in their night things.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash  what\rquote s going on?\rdblquote  asked Ginny, who looked frightened. \ldblquote Professor McGonagall says you saw Dad hurt \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your father has been injured in the course of his work for the Or\-der of the Phoenix,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore before Harry could speak. \ldblquote He has been taken to St. Mungo\rquote s Hospital for Magical Maladies and In\-juries. I am sending you back to Sirius\rquote s house, which is much more\lang3081  \lang1033 convenient for the hospital than the Burrow. You will meet your mother there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote re we going?\rdblquote  asked Fred, looking shaken. \ldblquote Floo powder?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote Floo powder is not safe at the moment, the Network is being watched. You will be taking a Portkey.\rdblquote  He indi\-cated the old kettle lying innocently on his desk. \ldblquote We are just waiting for Phineas Nigellus to report back. \'85 I wish to be sure that the coast is clear before sending you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a flash of flame in the very middle of the office, leaving behind a single golden feather that floated gently to the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is Fawkes\rquote s warning,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, catching the feather as it fell. \ldblquote She must know you\rquote re out of your beds. \'85 Minerva, go and head her off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  tell her any story \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall was gone in a swish of tartan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He says he\rquote ll be delighted,\rdblquote  said a bored voice behind Dumble\-dore; the wizard called Phineas had reappeared in front of his Slytherin banner. \ldblquote My great-great-grandson has always had odd taste in houseguests. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come here, then,\rdblquote  Dumbledore said to Harry and the Weasleys. \ldblquote And quickly, before anyone else joins us \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and the others gathered around Dumbledore\rquote s desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have all used a Portkey before?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore, and they nodded, each reaching out to touch some part of the blackened kettle. \ldblquote Good. On the count of three then \'85 one \'85 two \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It happened in a fraction of a second: In the infinitesimal pause be\-fore Dumbledore said \ldblquote three,\rdblquote  Harry looked up at him \emdash  they were very close together \emdash  and Dumbledore\rquote s clear blue gaze moved from the Portkey to Harry\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At once, Harry\rquote s scar burned white-hot, as though the old wound had burst open again \emdash  and unbidden, unwanted, but terrifyingly strong, there rose within Harry a hatred so powerful he felt, for that\lang3081  \lang1033 instant, that he would like nothing better than to strike \emdash  to bite \emdash  to sink his fangs into the man before him \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 \i three.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt a powerful jerk behind his navel, the ground vanished from beneath his feet, his hand was glued to the kettle; he was banging into the others as all sped forward in a swirl of colors and a rush of wind, the kettle pulling them onward and then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His feet hit the ground so hard that his knees buckled, the kettle clattered to the ground and somewhere close at hand a voice said, \ldblquote Back again, the blood traitor brats, is it true their father\rquote s dying \'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote OUT!\rdblquote  roared a second voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry scrambled to his feet and looked around; they had arrived in the gloomy basement kitchen of number twelve, Grimmauld Place. The only sources of light were the fire and one guttering candle, which illuminated the remains of a solitary supper. Kreacher was dis\-appearing through the door to the hall, looking back at them malevo\-lently as he hitched up his loincloth; Sirius was hurrying toward them all, looking anxious. He was unshaven and still in his day clothes; there was also a slightly Mundungus-like whiff of stale drink about him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote  he said, stretching out a hand to help Ginny up. \ldblquote Phineas Nigellus said Arthur\rquote s been badly injured \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ask Harry,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I want to hear this for myself,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The twins and Ginny were staring at him. Kreacher\rquote s footsteps had stopped on the stairs outside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began; this was even worse than telling McGona\-gall and Dumbledore. \ldblquote I had a \emdash  a kind of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  vision. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he told them all that he had seen, though he altered the story so that it sounded as though he had watched from the sidelines as the snake attacked, rather than from behind the snake\rquote s own eyes. \'85 Ron, who was still very white, gave him a fleeting look, but did not speak. When Harry had finished, Fred, George, and Ginny continued to stare at him for a moment. Harry did not know whether he was imagining it or not, but he fancied there was something accusatory in their looks. Well, if they were going to blame him for just seeing the attack, he was glad he had not told them that he had been inside the snake at the time. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is Mum here?\rdblquote  said Fred, turning to Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She probably doesn\rquote t even know what\rquote s happened yet,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote The important thing was to get you away before Umbridge could in\-terfere. I expect Dumbledore\rquote s letting Molly know now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve got to go to St. Mungo\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Ginny urgently. She looked around at her brothers; they were of course still in their pajamas. \ldblquote Sir\-ius, can you lend us cloaks or anything \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on, you can\rquote t go tearing off to St. Mungo\rquote s!\rdblquote  said Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course we can go to St. Mungo\rquote s if we want,\rdblquote  said Fred, with a mulish expression, \ldblquote he\rquote s our dad!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And how are you going to explain how you knew Arthur was at\-tacked before the hospital even let his wife know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What does that matter?\rdblquote  said George hotly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It matters because we don\rquote t want to draw attention to the fact that Harry is having visions of things that are happening hundreds of miles away!\rdblquote  said Sirius angrily. \ldblquote Have you any idea what the Ministry would make of that information?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George looked as though they could not care less what the Ministry made of anything. Ron was still white-faced and silent. Ginny said, \ldblquote Somebody else could have told us. \'85 We could have heard it somewhere other than Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like who?\rdblquote  said Sirius impatiently. \ldblquote Listen, your dad\rquote s been hurt while on duty for the Order and the circumstances are fishy enough without his children knowing about it seconds after it happened, you could seriously damage the Order\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We don\rquote t care about the dumb Order!\rdblquote  shouted Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s our dad dying we\rquote re talking about!\rdblquote  yelled George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your father knew what he was getting into, and he won\rquote t thank you for messing things up for the Order!\rdblquote  said Sirius angrily in his turn. \ldblquote This is how it is \emdash  this is why you\rquote re not in the Order \emdash  you don\rquote t understand \emdash  there are things worth dying for!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Easy for you to say, stuck here!\rdblquote  bellowed Fred. \ldblquote I don\rquote t see you risking your neck!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The little color remaining in Sirius\rquote s face drained from it. He looked for a moment as though he would quite like to hit Fred, but when he spoke, it was in a voice of determined calm. \ldblquote I know it\rquote s hard, but we\rquote ve all got to act as though we don\rquote t know anything yet. We\rquote ve got to stay put, at least until we hear from your mother, all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George still looked mutinous. Ginny, however, took a few steps over to the nearest chair and sank into it. Harry looked at Ron, who made a funny movement somewhere between a nod and shrug, and they sat down too. The twins glared at Sirius for another minute, then took seats on either side of Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Sirius encouragingly, \ldblquote come on, let\rquote s all\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 let\rquote s all have a drink while we\rquote re waiting. \i Accio Butterbeer\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He raised his wand as he spoke and half a dozen bottles came flying toward them out of the pantry, skidded along the table, scattering the debris of Sirius\rquote s meal, and stopped neatly in front of the six of them. They all drank, and for a while the only sounds were those of the crack\-ling of the kitchen fire and the soft thud of their bottles on the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was only drinking to have something to do with his hands. His stomach was full of horrible hot, bubbling guilt. They would not be here if it were not for him; they would all still be asleep in bed. And it was no good telling himself that by raising the alarm he had ensured that Mr. Weasley was found, because there was also the inescapable business of it being he who had attacked Mr. Weasley in the first place. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Don\rquote t be stupid, you haven\rquote t got fangs,\i0  he told himself, trying to keep calm, though the hand on his butterbeer bottle was shaking. \i You were lying in bed, you weren\rquote t attacking anyone. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i But then, what just happened in Dumbledore\rquote s office\i0 ? he asked him\-self. \i I felt like I wanted to attack Dumbledore too. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 He put the bottle down on the table a little harder than he meant to, so that it slopped over onto the table. No one took any notice. Then a burst of fire in midair illuminated the dirty plates in front of them and as they gave cries of shock, a scroll of parchment fell with a thud onto the table, accompanied by a single golden phoenix tail feather.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fawkes!\rdblquote  said Sirius at once, snatching up the parchment. \ldblquote That\rquote s not Dumbledore\rquote s writing \emdash  it must be a message from your mother \emdash  here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He thrust the letter into George\rquote s hand, who ripped it open and read aloud, \ldblquote\i Dad is still alive. I am setting out for St. Mungo\rquote s now. Stay where you are. I will send news as soon as I can. Mum.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 George looked around the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Still alive \'85\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote But that makes it sound \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not need to finish the sentence. It sounded to Harry too as though Mr. Weasley was hovering somewhere between life and death. Still exceptionally pale, Ron stared at the back of his mother\rquote s letter as though it might speak words of comfort to him. Fred pulled the parchment out of George\rquote s hands and read it for himself, then looked up at Harry, who felt his hand shaking on his butterbeer bottle again and clenched it more tightly to stop the trembling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If Harry had ever sat through a longer night than this one he could not remember it. Sirius suggested once that they all go to bed, but without any real conviction, and the Weasleys\rquote  looks of disgust were answer enough. They mostly sat in silence around the table, watching the candle wick sinking lower and lower into liquid wax, now and then raising bottles to their lips, speaking only to check the time, to\lang3081  \lang1033 wonder aloud what was happening, and to reassure one another that if there was bad news, they would know straightaway, for Mrs. Weasley must long since have arrived at St. Mungo\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred fell into a doze, his head sagging sideways onto his shoulder. Ginny was curled like a cat on her chair, but her eyes were open; Harry could see them reflecting the firelight. Ron was sitting with his head in his hands, whether awake or asleep it was impossible to tell. And he and Sirius looked at each other every so often, intruders upon the family grief, waiting \'85 waiting \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, at ten past five in the morning by Ron\rquote s watch, the kitchen door swung open and Mrs. Weasley entered the kitchen. She was extremely pale, but when they all turned to look at her, Fred, Ron, and Harry half-rising from their chairs, she gave a wan smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s going to be all right,\rdblquote  she said, her voice weak with tiredness. \ldblquote He\rquote s sleeping. We can all go and see him later. Bill\rquote s sitting with him now, he\rquote s going to take the morning off work.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred fell back into his chair with his hands over his face. George and Ginny got up, walked swiftly over to their mother, and hugged her. Ron gave a very shaky laugh and downed the rest of his butterbeer in one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Breakfast!\rdblquote  said Sirius loudly and joyfully, jumping to his feet. \ldblquote Where\rquote s that accursed house-elf? Kreacher! KREACHER!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Kreacher did not answer the summons.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, forget it, then,\rdblquote  muttered Sirius, counting the people in front of him. \ldblquote So it\rquote s breakfast for \emdash  let\rquote s see \emdash  seven \'85 Bacon and eggs, I think, and some tea, and toast \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hurried over to the stove to help. He did not want to intrude upon the Weasleys\rquote  happiness, and he dreaded the moment when Mrs. Weasley would ask him to recount his vision. However, he had barely taken plates from the dresser when Mrs. Weasley lifted them out of his hands and pulled him into a hug.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know what would have happened if it hadn\rquote t been for you,\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry,\rdblquote  she said in a muffled voice. \ldblquote They might not have found Arthur for hours, and then it would have been too late, but thanks to you he\rquote s alive and Dumbledore\rquote s been able to think up a good cover story for Arthur being where he was, you\rquote ve no idea what trouble he would have been in otherwise, look at poor Sturgis. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could hardly stand her gratitude, but fortunately she soon released him to turn to Sirius and thank him for looking after her chil\-dren through the night. Sirius said that he was very pleased to have been able to help, and hoped they would all stay with him as long as Mr. Weasley was in hospital.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Sirius, I\rquote m so grateful. \'85 They think he\rquote ll be there a little while and it would be wonderful to be nearer \'85 Of course, that might mean we\rquote re here for Christmas. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The more the merrier!\rdblquote  said Sirius with such obvious sincerity that Mrs. Weasley beamed at him, threw on an apron, and began to help with breakfast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, unable to stand it a moment longer. \ldblquote Can I have a quick word? Er \emdash  \i now\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He walked into the dark pantry and Sirius followed. Without pre\-amble Harry told his godfather every detail of the vision he had had, including the fact that he himself had been the snake who had at\-tacked Mr. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When he paused for breath, Sirius said, \ldblquote Did you tell Dumbledore this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently, \ldblquote but he didn\rquote t tell me what it meant. Well, he doesn\rquote t tell me anything anymore. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sure he would have told you if it was anything to worry about,\rdblquote  said Sirius steadily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But that\rquote s not all,\rdblquote  said Harry in a voice only a little above a whis\-per. \ldblquote Sirius, I \'85 I think I\rquote m going mad. \'85 Back in Dumbledore\rquote s office, just before we took the Portkey\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 for a couple of seconds\lang3081  \lang1033 there I thought I was a snake, I \i felt\i0  like one \emdash  my scar really hurt when I was looking at Dumbledore \emdash  Sirius, I wanted to attack him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could only see a sliver of Sirius\rquote s face; the rest was in darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It must have been the aftermath of the vision, that\rquote s all,\rdblquote  said Sir\-ius. \ldblquote You were still thinking of the dream or whatever it was and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It wasn\rquote t that,\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking his head. \ldblquote It was like some\-thing rose up inside me, like there\rquote s a \i snake\i0  inside me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You need to sleep,\rdblquote  said Sirius firmly. \ldblquote You\rquote re going to have break\-fast and then go upstairs to bed, and then you can go and see Arthur after lunch with the others. You\rquote re in shock, Harry; you\rquote re blaming yourself for something you only witnessed, and it\rquote s lucky you \i did\i0  wit\-ness it or Arthur might have died. Just stop worrying. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He clapped Harry on the shoulder and left the pantry, leaving Harry standing alone in the dark.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Everyone but Harry spent the rest of the morning sleeping. He went up to the bedroom he had shared with Ron over the summer, but while Ron crawled into bed and was asleep within minutes, Harry sat fully clothed, hunched against the cold metal bars of the bedstead, keeping himself deliberately uncomfortable, determined not to fall into a doze, terrified that he might become the serpent again in his sleep and awake to find that he had attacked Ron, or else slithered through the house after one of the others. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Ron woke up, Harry pretended to have enjoyed a refreshing nap too. Their trunks arrived from Hogwarts while they were eating lunch, so that they could dress as Muggles for the trip to St. Mungo\rquote s. Everybody except Harry was riotously happy and talkative as they changed out of their robes into jeans and sweatshirts, and they greeted Tonks and Mad-Eye, who had turned up to escort them across Lon\-don, gleefully laughing at the bowler hat Mad-Eye was wearing at an\lang3081  \lang1033 angle to conceal his magical eye and assuring him, truthfully, that Tonks, whose hair was short and bright pink again, would attract far less attention on the underground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tonks was very interested in Harry\rquote s vision of the attack on Mr. Weasley, something he was not remotely interested in discussing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There isn\rquote t any \i Seer\i0  blood in your family, is there?\rdblquote  she inquired curiously, as they sat side by side on a train rattling toward the heart of the city.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, thinking of Professor Trelawney and feeling insulted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Tonks musingly, \ldblquote no, I suppose it\rquote s not really prophecy you\rquote re doing, is it? I mean, you\rquote re not seeing the future, you\rquote re seeing the present. \'85 It\rquote s odd, isn\rquote t it? Useful, though \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer; fortunately they got out at the next stop, a station in the very heart of London, and in the bustle of leaving the train he was able to allow Fred and George to get between himself and Tonks, who was leading the way. They all followed her up the escala\-tor, Moody clunking along at the back of the group, his bowler tilted low and one gnarled hand stuck in between the buttons of his coat, clutching his wand. Harry thought he sensed the concealed eye star\-ing hard at him; trying to deflect more questions about his dream he asked Mad-Eye where St. Mungo\rquote s was hidden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not far from here,\rdblquote  grunted Moody as they stepped out into the wintry air on a broad store-lined street packed with Christmas shop\-pers. He pushed Harry a little ahead of him and stumped along just behind; Harry knew the eye was rolling in all directions under the tilted hat. \ldblquote Wasn\rquote t easy to find a good location for a hospital. Nowhere in Diagon Alley was big enough and we couldn\rquote t have it underground like the Ministry \emdash  unhealthy. In the end they managed to get hold of a building up here. Theory was sick wizards could come and go and just blend in with the crowd. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He seized Harry\rquote s shoulder to prevent them being separated by a gaggle of shoppers plainly intent on nothing but making it into a nearby shop full of electrical gadgets.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here we go,\rdblquote  said Moody a moment later.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had arrived outside a large, old-fashioned, red brick depart\-ment store called Purge and Dowse Ltd. The place had a shabby, mis\-erable air; the window displays consisted of a few chipped dummies with their wigs askew, standing at random and modeling fashions at least ten years out of date. Large signs on all the dusty doors read CLOSED FOR REFURBISHMENT. Harry distinctly heard a large woman laden with plastic shopping bags say to her friend as they passed, \ldblquote It\rquote s \i never\i0  open, that place. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Tonks, beckoning them forward to a window display\-ing nothing but a particularly ugly female dummy whose false eye\-lashes were hanging off and who was modeling a green nylon pinafore dress. \ldblquote Everybody ready?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They nodded, clustering around her; Moody gave Harry another shove between the shoulder blades to urge him forward and Tonks leaned close to the glass, looking up at the very ugly dummy and said, her breath steaming up the glass, \ldblquote Wotcher \'85 We\rquote re here to see Arthur Weasley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a split second, Harry thought how absurd it was for Tonks to ex\-pect the dummy to hear her talking that quietly through a sheet of glass, when there were buses rumbling along behind her and all the racket of a street full of shoppers. Then he reminded himself that dum\-mies could not hear anyway. Next second his mouth opened in shock as the dummy gave a tiny nod, beckoned its jointed finger, and Tonks had seized Ginny and Mrs. Weasley by the elbows, stepped right through the glass and vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred, George, and Ron stepped after them; Harry glanced around at the jostling crowd; not one of them seemed to have a glance to spare\lang3081  \lang1033 for window displays as ugly as Purge and Dowse Ltd.\rquote s, nor did any of them seem to have noticed that six people had just melted into thin air in front of them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C\rquote mon,\rdblquote  growled Moody, giving Harry yet another poke in the back and together they stepped forward through what felt like a sheet of cool water, emerging quite warm and dry on the other side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no sign of the ugly dummy or the space where she had stood. They had arrived in what seemed to be a crowded reception area where rows of witches and wizards sat upon rickety wooden chairs, some looking perfectly normal and perusing out-of-date copies of \i Witch Weekly,\i0  others sporting gruesome disfigurements such as ele\-phant trunks or extra hands sticking out of their chests. The room was scarcely less quiet than the street outside, for many of the patients were making very peculiar noises. A sweaty-faced witch in the center of the front row, who was fanning herself vigorously with a copy of the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  kept letting off a high-pitched whistle as steam came pouring out of her mouth, and a grubby-looking warlock in the corner clanged like a bell every time he moved, and with each clang his head vibrated horribly, so that he had to seize himself by the ears and hold it steady.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Witches and wizards in lime-green robes were walking up and down the rows, asking questions and making notes on clipboards like Umbridge\rquote s. Harry noticed the emblem embroidered on their chests: a wand and bone, crossed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are they doctors?\rdblquote  he asked Ron quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Doctors?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking startled. \ldblquote Those Muggle nutters that cut people up? Nah, they\rquote re Healers.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Over here!\rdblquote  called Mrs. Weasley over the renewed clanging of the warlock in the corner, and they followed her to the queue in front of a plump blonde witch seated at a desk marked inquiries. The wall be\-hind her was covered in notices and posters saying things like A CLEAN\lang3081  \lang1033 CAULDRON KEEPS POTIONS FROM BECOMING POISONS and ANTIDOTES ARE ANTI-DON\rquote TS UNLESS APPROVED BY A QUALIFIED HEALER.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was also a large portrait of a witch with long silver ringlets that was labelled\par
\lang3081\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 DILYS DERWENT\lang3081\par
\lang1033\fs20 ST. MUNGO\rquote S HEALER 1722\endash 1741\lang3081\par
\lang1033 HEADMISTRESS OF HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF\par
WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRY, I74I\endash I768\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\fs24\par
Dilys was eyeing the Weasley party as though counting them; when Harry caught her eye she gave a tiny wink, walked sideways out of her portrait, and vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Meanwhile, at the front of the queue, a young wizard was perform\-ing an odd on-the-spot jig and trying, in between yelps of pain, to explain his predicament to the witch behind the desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s these \emdash  ouch \emdash  shoes my brother gave me \emdash  ow \emdash  they\rquote re eating my \emdash  OUCH \emdash  feet \emdash  look at them, there must be some kind of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  AARGH \emdash  jinx on them and I can\rquote t \emdash  AAAAARGH \emdash  get them off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He hopped from one foot to the other as though dancing on hot coals.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The shoes don\rquote t prevent you reading, do they?\rdblquote  said the blonde witch irritably, pointing at a large sign to the left of her desk. \ldblquote You want Spell Damage, fourth floor. Just like it says on the floor guide. Next!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wizard hobbled and pranced sideways out of the way, the Weasley party moved forward a few steps and Harry read the floor guide:\par
\par
\i ARTIFACT ACCIDENTS. \'85 . \'85 . \'85 . \'85 . \'85 Ground\lang3081  \lang1033 Floor\lang3081\par
\lang1033 (Cauldron explosion, wand\lang3081  \lang1033 backfiring, broom crashes, etc.)\par
CREATURE-INDUCED INJURIES. \'85 . \'85 . \'85 \'85 First Floor\lang3081\par
\lang1033 (Bites, stings, burns, embedded spines, etc.)\lang3081\par
\lang1033 MAGICAL BUGS. \'85 . \'85 . \'85 . \'85 . \'85 . \'85 . . Second Floor\lang3081\par
\lang1033 (Contagious maladies, e.g., dragon pox, vanishing sickness, scrofungulus)\lang3081\par
\lang1033 POTION AND PLANT POISONING. \'85 . \'85 . \'85 .Third Floor\lang3081\par
\lang1033 (Rashes, regurgitation, uncontrollable giggling, etc.)\lang3081\par
\lang1033 SPELL DAMAGE. \'85 . \'85 . \'85 . \'85 . \'85 . \'85 . . Fourth Floor\lang3081\par
\lang1033 (Unliftable jinxes, hexes, and incorrectly applied charms, etc.)\lang3081\par
\lang1033 VISITORS\rquote  TEAROOM AND HOSPITAL SHOP. \'85 .Fifth Floor\par
\par
If you are unsure where to go, incapable, of normal speech, or unable to remember why you are here, our Welcome Witch will be pleased to help.\lang3081\par
\i0\par
\lang1033 A very old, stooped wizard with a hearing trumpet had shuffled to the front of the queue now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m here to see Broderick Bode!\rdblquote  he wheezed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ward forty-nine, but I\rquote m afraid you\rquote re wasting your time,\rdblquote  said the witch dismissively \ldblquote He\rquote s completely addled, you know, still thinks he\rquote s a teapot. \'85 Next!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A harassed-looking wizard was holding his small daughter tightly by the ankle while she flapped around his head using the immensely large, feathery wings that had sprouted right out the back of her romper suit.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fourth floor,\rdblquote  said the witch in a bored voice, without asking, and the man disappeared through the double doors beside the desk, hold\-ing his daughter like an oddly shaped balloon. \ldblquote Next!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley moved forward to the desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote My husband, Arthur Weasley, was supposed to be moved to a different ward this morning, could you tell us \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur Weasley?\rdblquote  said the witch, running her finger down a long\lang3081  \lang1033 list in front of her. \ldblquote Yes, first floor, second door on the right, Dai Llewellyn ward.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote Come on, you lot.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They followed through the double doors and along the narrow cor\-ridor beyond, which was lined with more portraits of famous Healers and lit by crystal bubbles full of candles that floated up on the ceiling, looking like giant soapsuds. More witches and wizards in lime-green robes walked in and out of the doors they passed; a foul-smelling yel\-low gas wafted into the passageway as they passed one door, and every now and then they heard distant wailing. They climbed a flight of stairs and entered the \ldblquote Creature-Induced Injuries\rdblquote  corridor, where the second door on the right bore the words \ldblquote DANGEROUS\rdblquote  DAI LLEWELLYN WARD: SERIOUS BITES. Underneath this was a card in a brass holder on which had been handwritten \i Healer-in-Charge: Hippocrates Smeth\-wyck, Trainee Healer: Augustus Pye.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll wait outside, Molly,\rdblquote  Tonks said. \ldblquote Arthur won\rquote t want too many visitors at once. \'85 It ought to be just the family first.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mad-Eye growled his approval of this idea and set himself with his back against the corridor wall, his magical eye spinning in all direc\-tions. Harry drew back too, but Mrs. Weasley reached out a hand and pushed him through the door, saying, \ldblquote Don\rquote t be silly, Harry, Arthur wants to thank you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The ward was small and rather dingy as the only window was narrow and set high in the wall facing the door. Most of the light came from more shining crystal bubbles clustered in the middle of the ceiling. The walls were of panelled oak and there was a portrait of a rather vicious-looking wizard on the wall, captioned URQUHART RACKHARROW, 1612\endash 1697, INVENTOR OF THE ENTRAIL-EXPELLING CURSE.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were only three patients. Mr. Weasley was occupying the bed at the far end of the ward beside the tiny window. Harry was pleased and relieved to see that he was propped up on several pillows and reading the\lang3081  \lang1033\i Daily Prophet\i0  by the solitary ray of sunlight falling onto his bed. He looked around as they walked toward him and, seeing whom it was, beamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello!\rdblquote  he called, throwing the \i Prophet\i0  aside. \ldblquote Bill just left, Molly, had to get back to work, but he says he\rquote ll drop in on you later. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are you, Arthur?\rdblquote  asked Mrs. Weasley, bending down to kiss his cheek and looking anxiously into his face. \ldblquote You\rquote re still looking a bit peaky. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I feel absolutely fine,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley brightly, holding out his good arm to give Ginny a hug. \ldblquote If they could only take the bandages off, I\rquote d be fit to go home.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why can\rquote t they take them off, Dad?\rdblquote  asked Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I start bleeding like mad every time they try,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley cheerfully, reaching across for his wand, which lay on his bed\-side cabinet, and waving it so that six extra chairs appeared at his bed\-side to seat them all. \ldblquote It seems there was some rather unusual kind of poison in that snake\rquote s fangs that keeps wounds open. \'85 They\rquote re sure they\rquote ll find an antidote, though, they say they\rquote ve had much worse cases than mine, and in the meantime I just have to keep taking a Blood-Replenishing Potion every hour. But that fellow over there,\rdblquote  he said, dropping his voice and nodding toward the bed opposite in which a man lay looking green and sickly and staring at the ceiling. \ldblquote Bitten by a \i werewolf,\i0  poor chap. No cure at all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A werewolf?\rdblquote  whispered Mrs. Weasley, looking alarmed. \ldblquote Is he safe in a public ward? Shouldn\rquote t he be in a private room?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s two weeks till full moon,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley reminded her quietly. \ldblquote They\rquote ve been talking to him this morning, the Healers, you know, trying to persuade him he\rquote ll be able to lead an almost normal life. I said to him \emdash  didn\rquote t mention names, of course \emdash  but I said I knew a werewolf personally, very nice man, who finds the condition quite easy to manage. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did he say?\rdblquote  asked George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Said he\rquote d give me another bite if I didn\rquote t shut up,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley sadly. \ldblquote And that woman over \i there,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he indicated the only other occu\-pied bed, which was right beside the door, \ldblquote won\rquote t tell the Healers what bit her, which makes us all think it must have been something she was handling illegally. Whatever it was took a real chunk out of her leg, \i very\i0  nasty smell when they take off the dressings.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, you going to tell us what happened, Dad?\rdblquote  asked Fred, pulling his chair closer to the bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you already know, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, with a sig\-nificant smile at Harry. \ldblquote It\rquote s very simple \emdash  I\rquote d had a very long day, dozed off, got sneaked up on, and bitten.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it in the \i Prophet,\i0  you being attacked?\rdblquote  asked Fred, indicating the newspaper Mr. Weasley had cast aside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, of course not,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, with a slightly bitter smile, \ldblquote the Ministry wouldn\rquote t want everyone to know a dirty great serpent got \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley warningly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  got \emdash  er \emdash  me,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley said hastily, though Harry was quite sure that was not what he had meant to say.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So where were you when it happened, Dad?\rdblquote  asked George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s my business,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, though with a small smile. He snatched up the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  shook it open again and said, \ldblquote I was just reading about Willy Widdershins\rquote s arrest when you arrived. You know Willy turned out to be behind those regurgitating toilets last summer? One of his jinxes backfired, the toilet exploded, and they found him lying unconscious in the wreckage covered from head to foot in \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When you say you were \lquote on duty,\rquote  \rdblquote  Fred interrupted in a low voice, \ldblquote what were you doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You heard your father,\rdblquote  whispered Mrs. Weasley, \ldblquote we are not dis\-cussing this here! Go on about Willy Widdershins, Arthur \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, don\rquote t ask me how, but he actually got off on the toilet\lang3081  \lang1033 charge,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley grimly. \ldblquote I can only suppose gold changed hands \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were guarding it, weren\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said George quietly. \ldblquote The weapon? The thing You-Know-Who\rquote s after?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote George, be quiet!\rdblquote  snapped Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley in a raised voice, \ldblquote this time Willy\rquote s been caught selling biting doorknobs to Muggles, and I don\rquote t think he\rquote ll be able to worm his way out of it because according to this arti\-cle, two Muggles have lost fingers and are now in St. Mungo\rquote s for emergency bone regrowth and memory modification. Just think of it, Muggles in St. Mungo\rquote s! I wonder which ward they\rquote re in?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he looked eagerly around as though hoping to see a signpost.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t you say You-Know-Who\rquote s got a snake, Harry?\rdblquote  asked Fred, looking at his father for a reaction. \ldblquote A massive one? You saw it the night he returned, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s enough,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley crossly. \ldblquote Mad-Eye and Tonks are outside, Arthur, they want to come and see you. And you lot can wait outside,\rdblquote  she added to her children and Harry. \ldblquote You can come and say good-bye afterward. Go on. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They trooped back into the corridor. Mad-Eye and Tonks went in and closed the door of the ward behind them. Fred raised his eyebrows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  he said coolly, rummaging in his pockets, \ldblquote be like that. Don\rquote t tell us anything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Looking for these?\rdblquote  said George, holding out what looked like a tangle of flesh-colored string.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You read my mind,\rdblquote  said Fred, grinning. \ldblquote Let\rquote s see if St. Mungo\rquote s puts Imperturbable Charms on its ward doors, shall we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and George disentangled the string and separated five Extend\-able Ears from each other. Fred and George handed them around. Harry hesitated to take one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go on, Harry, take it! You saved Dad\rquote s life, if anyone\rquote s got the right to eavesdrop on him it\rquote s you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Grinning in spite of himself, Harry took the end of the string and inserted it into his ear as the twins had done.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, go!\rdblquote  Fred whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The flesh-colored strings wriggled like long skinny worms, then snaked under the door. For a few seconds Harry could hear nothing, then he heard Tonks whispering as clearly as though she were stand\-ing right beside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 they searched the whole area but they couldn\rquote t find the snake anywhere, it just seems to have vanished after it attacked you, Arthur. \'85 But You-Know-Who can\rquote t have expected a snake to get in, can he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I reckon he sent it as a lookout,\rdblquote  growled Moody, \ldblquote  \rquote cause he\rquote s not had any luck so far, has he? No, I reckon he\rquote s trying to get a clearer pic\-ture of what he\rquote s facing and if Arthur hadn\rquote t been there the beast would\rquote ve had much more time to look around. So Potter says he saw it all happen?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. She sounded rather uneasy. \ldblquote You know, Dumbledore seems almost to have been waiting for Harry to see something like this. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well,\rdblquote  said Moody, \ldblquote there\rquote s something funny about the Potter kid, we all know that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore seemed worried about Harry when I spoke to him this morning,\rdblquote  whispered Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course he\rquote s worried,\rdblquote  growled Moody. \ldblquote The boy\rquote s seeing things from inside You-Know-Who\rquote s snake. \'85 Obviously, Potter doesn\rquote t re\-alize what that means, but if You-Know-Who\rquote s possessing him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled the Extendable Ear out of his own, his heart ham\-mering very fast and heat rushing up his face. He looked around at the others. They were all staring at him, the strings still trailing from their ears, looking suddenly fearful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 23\par
\pard\qc Christmas on the Closed Ward\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Was this why Dumbledore would no longer meet Harry\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033 eyes? Did he expect to see Voldemort staring out of them, afraid, perhaps, that their vivid green might turn suddenly to scarlet, with catlike slits for pupils? Harry remembered how the snakelike face of Voldemort had once forced itself out of the back of Professor Quir\-rell\rquote s head, and he ran his hand over the back of his own, wondering what it would feel like if Voldemort burst out of his skull. \'85\par
He felt dirty, contaminated, as though he were carrying some deadly germ, unworthy to sit on the underground train back from the hospital with innocent, clean people whose minds and bodies were free of the taint of Voldemort. \'85 He had not merely seen the snake, he had \i been\i0  the snake, he knew it now. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then a truly terrible thought occurred to him, a memory bob\-bing to the surface of his mind, one that made his insides writhe and squirm like serpents. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\rquote s he after apart from followers\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Stuff he can only get by stealth \'85 like a weapon. Something he didn\rquote t have last time.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I\rquote m the weapon, \i0 Harry thought, and it was as though poison were pumping through his veins, chilling him, bringing him out in a sweat as he swayed with the train through the dark tunnel. \i I\rquote m the one Volde\-mort\rquote s trying to use, that\rquote s why they\rquote ve got guards around me everywhere I go, it\rquote s not for my protection, it\rquote s for other people\rquote s, only it\rquote s not working, they can\rquote t have someone on me all the time at Hogwarts. \'85 I \i0 did \i attack Mr. Weasley last night, it was me, Voldemort made me do it and he could be inside me, listening to my thoughts right now. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you all right, Harry, dear?\rdblquote  whispered Mrs. Weasley, leaning across Ginny to speak to him as the train rattled along through its dark tunnel. \ldblquote You don\rquote t look very well. Are you feeling sick?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were all watching him. He shook his head violently and stared up at an advertisement for home insurance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, dear, are you \i sure\i0  you\rquote re all right?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley in a worried voice, as they walked around the unkempt patch of grass in the middle of Grimmauld Place. \ldblquote You look ever so pale. \'85 Are you sure you slept this morning? You go upstairs to bed right now, and you can have a couple of hours\rquote  sleep before dinner, all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He nodded; here was a ready-made excuse not to talk to any of the others, which was precisely what he wanted, so when she opened the front door he proceeded straight past the troll\rquote s leg umbrella stand and up the stairs and hurried into his and Ron\rquote s bedroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Here he began to pace up and down, past the two beds and Phineas Nigellus\rquote s empty portrait, his brain teeming and seething with ques\-tions and ever more dreadful ideas. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 How had he become a snake? Perhaps he was an Animagus. \'85 No, he couldn\rquote t be, he would know. \'85 perhaps \i Voldemort\i0  was an Animagus. \'85 \i Yes,\i0  thought Harry, \i that would fit, he\i0  would \i turn into a snake of course \'85 and when he\rquote s possessing me, then we both trans\-form. \'85 That still doesn\rquote t explain how come I got to London and back to my bed in the space of about five minutes, though. \'85 But then Voldemort\rquote s about the most powerful wizard in the world, apart from\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i Dumbledore, it\rquote s probably no problem at all to him to transport people like that. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 And then, with a terrible stab of panic he thought, \i but this is in\-sane \i0\emdash  \i if Voldemort\rquote s possessing me, I\rquote m giving him a clear view into the headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix right now! He\rquote ll know who\rquote s in the Order and where Sirius is \'85 and I\rquote ve heard loads of stuff I shouldn\rquote t have, everything Sirius told me the first night I was here. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 There was only one thing for it: He would have to leave Grim\-mauld Place straightaway. He would spend Christmas at Hogwarts without the others, which would keep them safe over the holidays at least. \'85 But no, that wouldn\rquote t do, there were still plenty of people at Hogwarts to maim and injure, what if it was Seamus, Dean, or Neville next time? He stopped his pacing and stood staring at Phineas Nigel\-lus\rquote s empty frame. A leaden sensation was settling in the pit of his stomach. He had no alternative: He was going to have to return to Privet Drive, cut himself off from other wizards entirely. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Well, if he had to do it, he thought, there was no point hanging around. Trying with all his might not to think how the Dursleys were going to react when they found him on their doorstep six months ear\-lier than they had expected, he strode over to his trunk, slammed the lid shut and locked it, then glanced around automatically for Hedwig before remembering that she was still at Hogwarts \emdash  well, her cage would be one less thing to carry \emdash  he seized one end of his trunk and had dragged it halfway toward the door when a sneaky voice said, \ldblquote Running away, are we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around. Phineas Nigellus had appeared upon the canvas of his portrait and was leaning against the frame, watching Harry with an amused expression on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not running away, no,\rdblquote  said Harry shortly, dragging his trunk a few more feet across the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought,\rdblquote  said Phineas Nigellus, stroking his pointed beard, \ldblquote that to belong in Gryffindor House you were supposed to be \i brave\i0 ?\lang3081  \lang1033 It looks to me as though you would have been better off in my own house. We Slytherins are brave, yes, but not stupid. For instance, given the choice, we will always choose to save our own necks.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not my own neck I\rquote m saving,\rdblquote  said Harry tersely, tugging the trunk over a patch of particularly uneven, moth-eaten carpet right in front of the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh I \i see,\i0\rdblquote  said Phineas Nigellus, still stroking his beard. \ldblquote This is no cowardly flight \emdash  you are being \i noble.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry ignored him. His hand was on the doorknob when Phineas Nigellus said lazily, \ldblquote I have a message for you from Albus Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry spun around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stay where you are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t moved!\rdblquote  said Harry, his hand still upon the doorknob. \ldblquote So what\rquote s the message?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have just given it to you, dolt,\rdblquote  said Phineas Nigellus smoothly. \ldblquote Dumbledore says, \lquote\i Stay where you are.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  said Harry eagerly, dropping the end of his trunk. \ldblquote Why does he want me to stay? What else did he say?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing whatsoever,\rdblquote  said Phineas Nigellus, raising a thin black eyebrow as though he found Harry impertinent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s temper rose to the surface like a snake rearing from long grass. He was exhausted, he was confused beyond measure, he had ex\-perienced terror, relief, and then terror again in the last twelve hours, and still Dumbledore did not want to talk to him!\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that\rquote s it, is it?\rdblquote  he said loudly. \ldblquote\i Stay there\i0 ? That\rquote s all anyone could tell me after I got attacked by those dementors too! Just stay put while the grown-ups sort it out, Harry! We won\rquote t bother telling you anything, though, because your tiny little brain might not be able to cope with it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know,\rdblquote  said Phineas Nigellus, even more loudly than Harry, \ldblquote this is precisely why I \i loathed\i0  being a teacher! Young people are so\lang3081  \lang1033 infernally convinced that they are absolutely right about everything. Has it not occurred to you, my poor puffed-up popinjay, that there might be an excellent reason why the headmaster of Hogwarts is not confiding every tiny detail of his plans to you? Have you never paused, while feeling hard-done-by, to note that following Dumbledore\rquote s or\-ders has never yet led you into harm? No. No, like all young people, you are quite sure that you alone feel and think, you alone recognize danger, you alone are the only one clever enough to realize what the Dark Lord may be planning. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He \i is\i0  planning something to do with me, then?\rdblquote  said Harry swiftly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did I say that?\rdblquote  said Phineas Nigellus, idly examining his silk gloves. \ldblquote Now, if you will excuse me, I have better things to do than to listen to adolescent agonizing. \'85 Good day to you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he strolled into his frame and out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine, go then!\rdblquote  Harry bellowed at the empty frame. \ldblquote And tell Dumbledore thanks for nothing!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The empty canvas remained silent. Fuming, Harry dragged his trunk back to the foot of his bed, then threw himself facedown upon the moth-eaten covers, his eyes shut, his body heavy and aching. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt he had journeyed miles and miles. \'85 It seemed impossible that less than twenty-four hours ago Cho Chang had been approach\-ing him under the mistletoe. \'85 He was so tired. \'85 He was scared to sleep \'85 yet he did not know how long he could fight it. \'85 Dum\-bledore had told him to stay. \'85 That must mean he was allowed to sleep. \'85 But he was scared. \'85 What if it happened again \'85 ?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was sinking into shadows. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was as though a film in his head had been waiting to start. He was walking down a deserted corridor toward a plain black door, past rough stone walls, torches, and an open doorway onto a flight of stone steps leading downstairs on the left. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He reached the black door but could not open it. \'85 He stood gaz\-ing at it, desperate for entry. \'85 Something he wanted with all his heart lay beyond. \'85 A prize beyond his dreams. \'85 If only his scar would stop prickling \'85 then he would be able to think more clearly. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron\rquote s voice, from far, far away, \ldblquote Mum says dinner\rquote s ready, but she\rquote ll save you something if you want to stay in bed. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened his eyes, but Ron had already left the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i He doesn\rquote t want to be on his own with me,\i0  Harry thought. \i Not after what he heard Moody say\i0  \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He supposed none of them would want him there anymore now that they knew what was inside him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He would not go down to dinner; he would not inflict his company upon them. He turned over onto his other side and after a while dropped back off to sleep, waking much later in the early hours of the morning, with his insides aching with hunger, and Ron snoring in the next bed. Squinting around the room he saw the dark outline of Phineas Nigellus standing again in his portrait and it occurred to Harry that Dumbledore had probably set Phineas Nigellus to watch over him, in case he attacked somebody else.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The feeling of being unclean intensified. He half wished he had not obeyed Dumbledore and stayed. \'85 If this was how life was going to be in Grimmauld Place from now on, maybe he would be better off in Privet Drive after all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
Everybody else spent the following morning putting up Christmas decorations. Harry could not remember Sirius ever being in such a good mood; he was actually singing carols, apparently delighted that he was to have company over Christmas. Harry could hear his voice echoing up through the floor in the cold and empty drawing room where he was sitting alone, watching the sky outside the windows growing whiter, threatening snow, all the time feeling a savage plea\-sure that he was giving the others the opportunity to keep talking about him, as they were bound to be doing. When he heard Mrs.\lang3081  \lang1033 Weasley calling his name softly up the stairs around lunchtime he re\-treated farther upstairs and ignored her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was around six o\rquote clock in the evening that the doorbell rang and Mrs. Black started screaming again. Assuming that Mundungus or some other Order member had come to call, Harry merely settled himself more comfortably against the wall of Buckbeak the hip\-pogriff\rquote s room where he was hiding, trying to ignore how hungry he felt as he fed Buckbeak dead rats. It came as a slight shock when some\-body hammered hard on the door a few minutes later.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know you\rquote re in there,\rdblquote  said Hermione\rquote s voice. \ldblquote Will you please come out? I want to talk to you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are \i you\i0  doing here?\rdblquote  Harry asked her, pulling open the door, as Buckbeak resumed his scratching at the straw-strewn floor for any fragments of rat he might have dropped. \ldblquote I thought you were skiing with your mum and dad.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, to tell the truth, skiing\rquote s not \i really\i0  my thing,\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one. \ldblquote So I\rquote ve come for Christmas.\rdblquote  There was snow in her hair and her face was pink with cold. \ldblquote But don\rquote t tell Ron that, I told him it\rquote s really good because he kept laughing so much. Anyway, Mum and Dad are a bit disappointed, but I\rquote ve told them that everyone who\rquote s serious about the exams is staying at Hogwarts to study. They want me to do well, they\rquote ll understand. Anyway,\rdblquote  she said briskly, \ldblquote let\rquote s go to your bedroom, Ron\rquote s mum\rquote s lit a fire in there and she\rquote s sent up sandwiches.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry followed her back to the second floor. When he entered the bedroom he was rather surprised to see both Ron and Ginny waiting for them, sitting on Ron\rquote s bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I came on the Knight Bus,\rdblquote  said Hermione airily, pulling off her jacket before Harry had time to speak. \ldblquote Dumbledore told me what had happened first thing this morning, but I had to wait for term to end officially before setting off. Umbridge is already livid that you lot disappeared right under her nose, even though Dumbledore told her\lang3081  \lang1033 Mr. Weasley was in St. Mungo\rquote s, and he\rquote d given you all permission to visit. So \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She sat down next to Ginny, and the two girls and Ron looked up at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote re you feeling?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  said Harry stiffly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, don\rquote t lie, Harry,\rdblquote  she said impatiently. \ldblquote Ron and Ginny say you\rquote ve been hiding from everyone since you got back from St. Mungo\rquote s.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They do, do they?\rdblquote  said Harry, glaring at Ron and Ginny. Ron looked down at his feet but Ginny seemed quite unabashed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you have!\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote And you won\rquote t look at any of us!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s you lot who won\rquote t look at me!\rdblquote  said Harry angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe you\rquote re taking it in turns to look and keep missing each other,\rdblquote  suggested Hermione, the corners of her mouth twitching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very funny,\rdblquote  snapped Harry, turning away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, stop feeling all misunderstood,\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply. \ldblquote Look, the others have told me what you overheard last night on the Extendable Ears \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah?\rdblquote  growled Harry, his hands deep in his pockets as he watched the snow now falling thickly outside. \ldblquote All been talking about me, have you? Well, I\rquote m getting used to it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We wanted to talk \i to you,\i0  Harry,\rdblquote  said Ginny, \ldblquote but as you\rquote ve been hiding ever since we got back \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t want anyone to talk to me,\rdblquote  said Harry, who was feeling more and more nettled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that was a bit stupid of you,\rdblquote  said Ginny angrily, \ldblquote seeing as you don\rquote t know anyone but me who\rquote s been possessed by You-Know-Who, and I can tell you how it feels.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry remained quite still as the impact of these words hit him. Then he turned on the spot to face her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I forgot,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lucky you,\rdblquote  said Ginny coolly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  Harry said, and he meant it. \ldblquote So \'85 so do you think I\rquote m being possessed, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, can you remember everything you\rquote ve been doing?\rdblquote  Ginny asked. \ldblquote Are there big blank periods where you don\rquote t know what you\rquote ve been up to?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry racked his brains.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then You-Know-Who hasn\rquote t ever possessed you,\rdblquote  said Ginny sim\-ply. \ldblquote When he did it to me, I couldn\rquote t remember what I\rquote d been doing for hours at a time. I\rquote d find myself somewhere and not know how I got there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hardly dared believe her, yet his heart was lightening almost in spite of himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That dream I had about your dad and the snake, though \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you\rquote ve had these dreams before,\rdblquote  Hermione said. \ldblquote You had flashes of what Voldemort was up to last year.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This was different,\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking his head. \ldblquote I was inside that snake. It was like I \i was\i0  the snake. \'85 What if Voldemort some\-how transported me to London \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One day,\rdblquote  said Hermione, sounding thoroughly exasperated, \ldblquote you\rquote ll read \i Hogwarts, A History,\i0  and perhaps that will remind you that you can\rquote t Apparate or Disapparate inside Hogwarts. Even Volde\-mort couldn\rquote t just make you fly out of your dormitory, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t leave your bed, mate,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I saw you thrashing around in your sleep about a minute before we could wake you up. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry started pacing up and down the room again, thinking. What they were all saying was not only comforting, it made sense. \'85 Without really thinking he took a sandwich from the plate on the bed and crammed it hungrily into his mouth. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I\rquote m not the weapon after all,\i0  thought Harry. His heart swelled with\lang3081  \lang1033 happiness and relief, and he felt like joining in as they heard Sirius tramping past their door toward Buckbeak\rquote s room, singing \ldblquote God Rest Ye Merry, Hippogriffs\rdblquote  at the top of his voice.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 How could he have dreamed of returning to Privet Drive for Christ\-mas? Sirius\rquote s delight at having the house full again, and especially at having Harry back, was infectious. He was no longer their sullen host of the summer; now he seemed determined that everyone should en\-joy themselves as much, if not more, than they would have done at Hogwarts, and he worked tirelessly in the run-up to Christmas Day, cleaning and decorating with their help, so that by the time they all went to bed on Christmas Eve the house was barely recognizable. The tarnished chandeliers were no longer hung with cobwebs but with garlands of holly and gold and silver streamers; magical snow glittered in heaps over the threadbare carpets; a great Christmas tree, obtained by Mundungus and decorated with live fairies, blocked Sirius\rquote s family tree from view; and even the stuffed elf heads on the hall wall wore Fa\-ther Christmas hats and beards.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry awoke on Christmas morning to find a stack of presents at the foot of his bed and Ron already halfway through opening his own, rather larger, pile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good haul this year,\rdblquote  he informed Harry through a cloud of pa\-per. \ldblquote Thanks for the Broom Compass, it\rquote s excellent, beats Hermi\-one\rquote s \emdash  she\rquote s got me a \i homework planner \i0\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sorted through his presents and found one with Hermione\rquote s handwriting on it. She had given him too a book that resembled a di\-ary, except that it said things like \ldblquote\i Do it today or later you\rquote ll pay\i0 !\rdblquote  every time he opened a page.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius and Lupin had given Harry a set of excellent books entitled \i Practical Defensive Magic and Its Use Against the Dark Arts,\i0  which had superb, moving color illustrations of all the counterjinxes and hexes it described. Harry flicked through the first volume eagerly; he could see\lang3081  \lang1033 it was going to be highly useful in his plans for the D.A. Hagrid had sent a furry brown wallet that had fangs, which were presumably sup\-posed to be an antitheft device, but unfortunately prevented Harry putting any money in without getting his fingers ripped off. Tonks\rquote s present was a small, working model of a Firebolt, which Harry watched fly around the room, wishing he still had his full-size version; Ron had given him an enormous box of Every-Flavor Beans; Mr. and Mrs. Weasley the usual hand-knitted jumper and some mince pies; and Dobby, a truly dreadful painting that Harry suspected had been done by the elf himself. He had just turned it upside down to see whether it looked better that way when, with a loud \i crack,\i0  Fred and George Apparated at the foot of his bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Merry Christmas,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Don\rquote t go downstairs for a bit.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum\rquote s crying again,\rdblquote  said Fred heavily. \ldblquote Percy sent back his Christmas jumper.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Without a note,\rdblquote  added George. \ldblquote Hasn\rquote t asked how Dad is or vis\-ited him or anything. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We tried to comfort her,\rdblquote  said Fred, moving around the bed to look at Harry\rquote s portrait. \ldblquote Told her Percy\rquote s nothing more than a hu\-mongous pile of rat droppings \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  didn\rquote t work,\rdblquote  said George, helping himself to a Chocolate Frog. \ldblquote So Lupin took over. Best let him cheer her up before we go down for breakfast, I reckon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that supposed to be anyway?\rdblquote  asked Fred, squinting at Dobby\rquote s painting. \ldblquote Looks like a gibbon with two black eyes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Harry!\rdblquote  said George, pointing at the back of the picture. \ldblquote Says so on the back!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good likeness,\rdblquote  said Fred, grinning. Harry threw his new home\-work diary at him; it hit the wall opposite and fell to the floor where it said happily, \ldblquote\i If\lang3081  \lang1033 you\rquote ve dotted the i\rquote s and crossed the t\rquote s then you may do whatever you please\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They got up and dressed; they could hear various inhabitants of the house calling \ldblquote Merry Christmas\rdblquote  to each other. On their way down\-stairs they met Hermione. \ldblquote Thanks for the book, Harry!\rdblquote  she said happily. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been wanting that \i New Theory of Numerology\i0  for ages! And that perfume is really unusual, Ron.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No problem,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Who\rquote s that for anyway?\rdblquote  he added, nod\-ding at the neatly wrapped present she was carrying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher,\rdblquote  said Hermione brightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It had better not be clothes!\rdblquote  said Ron warningly. \ldblquote You know what Sirius said, Kreacher knows too much, we can\rquote t set him free!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It isn\rquote t clothes,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote although if I had my way I\rquote d cer\-tainly give him something to wear other than that filthy old rag. No, it\rquote s a patchwork quilt, I thought it would brighten up his bedroom.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What bedroom?\rdblquote  said Harry, dropping his voice to a whisper as they were passing the portrait of Sirius\rquote s mother.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Sirius says it\rquote s not so much a bedroom, more a kind of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  \i den,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Apparently he sleeps under the boiler in that cupboard off the kitchen.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley was the only person in the basement when they ar\-rived there. She was standing at the stove and sounded as though she had a bad head cold when she wished them Merry Christmas, and they all averted their eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, this is Kreacher\rquote s bedroom?\rdblquote  said Ron, strolling over to a dingy door in the corner opposite the pantry which Harry had never seen open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione, now sounding a little nervous. \ldblquote Er \'85 I think we\rquote d better knock \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron rapped the door with his knuckles but there was no reply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He must be sneaking around upstairs,\rdblquote  he said, and without fur\-ther ado pulled open the door. \ldblquote\i Urgh.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry peered inside. Most of the cupboard was taken up with a very large and old-fashioned boiler, but in the foot\rquote s space underneath\lang3081  \lang1033 the pipes Kreacher had made himself something that looked like a nest. A jumble of assorted rags and smelly old blankets were piled on the floor and the small dent in the middle of it showed where Kreacher curled up to sleep every night. Here and there among the material were stale bread crusts and moldy old bits of cheese. In a far corner glinted small objects and coins that Harry guessed Kreacher had saved, magpielike, from Sirius\rquote s purge of the house, and he had also managed to retrieve the silver-framed family photographs that Sirius had thrown away over the summer. Their glass might be shat\-tered, but still the little black-and-white people inside them peered haughtily up at him, including \emdash  he felt a little jolt in his stomach \emdash  the dark, heavy-lidded woman whose trial he had witnessed in Dum\-bledore\rquote s Pensieve: Bellatrix Lestrange. By the looks of it, hers was Kreacher\rquote s favorite photograph; he had placed it to the fore of all the others and had mended the glass clumsily with Spellotape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think I\rquote ll just leave his present here,\rdblquote  said Hermione, laying the package neatly in the middle of the depression in the rags and blankets and closing the door quietly. \ldblquote He\rquote ll find it later, that\rquote ll be fine. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come to think of it,\rdblquote  said Sirius, emerging from the pantry carry\-ing a large turkey as they closed the cupboard door, \ldblquote has anyone actually seen Kreacher lately?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t seen him since the night we came back here,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You were ordering him out of the kitchen.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85\rdblquote  said Sirius, frowning. \ldblquote You know, I think that\rquote s the last time I saw him, too. \'85 He must be hiding upstairs somewhere. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He couldn\rquote t have left, could he?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I mean, when you said \lquote out,\rquote  maybe he thought you meant, get out of the house?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, house-elves can\rquote t leave unless they\rquote re given clothes, they\rquote re tied to their family\rquote s house,\rdblquote  said Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They can leave the house if they really want to,\rdblquote  Harry contra\-dicted him. \ldblquote Dobby did, he left the Malfoys\rquote  to give me warnings two years ago. He had to punish himself afterward, but he still managed it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius looked slightly disconcerted for a moment, then said, \ldblquote I\rquote ll look for him later, I expect I\rquote ll find him upstairs crying his eyes out over my mother\rquote s old bloomers or something. \'85 Of course, he might have crawled into the airing cupboard and died. \'85 But I mustn\rquote t get my hopes up. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred, George, and Ron laughed; Hermione, however, looked reproachful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once they had had their Christmas lunch, the Weasleys and Harry and Hermione were planning to pay Mr. Weasley another visit, es\-corted by Mad-Eye and Lupin. Mundungus turned up in time for Christmas pudding and trifle, having managed to \ldblquote borrow\rdblquote  a car for the occasion, as the Underground did not run on Christmas Day. The car, which Harry doubted very much had been taken with the knowl\-edge or consent of its owner, had had a similar Enlarging Spell put upon it as the Weasleys\rquote  old Ford Anglia; although normally propor\-tioned outside, ten people with Mundungus driving were able to fit into it quite comfortably. Mrs. Weasley hesitated at the point of get\-ting inside; Harry knew that her disapproval of Mundungus was bat\-tling with her dislike of traveling without magic; finally the cold outside and her children\rquote s pleading triumphed, and she settled herself into the backseat between Fred and Bill with good grace.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The journey to St. Mungo\rquote s was quite quick, as there was very little traffic on the roads. A small trickle of witches and wizards were creep\-ing furtively up the otherwise deserted street to visit the hospital. Harry and the others got out of the car, and Mundungus drove off around the corner to wait for them; they strolled casually toward the window where the dummy in green nylon stood, then, one by one, stepped through the glass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The reception area looked pleasantly festive: The crystal orbs that illuminated St. Mungo\rquote s had been turned to red and gold so that they became gigantic, glowing Christmas baubles; holly hung around every doorway, and shining white Christmas trees covered in magical snow\lang3081  \lang1033 and icicles glittered in every corner, each topped with a gleaming gold star. It was less crowded than the last time they had been there, al\-though halfway across the room Harry found himself shunted aside by a witch with a walnut jammed up her left nostril.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Family argument, eh?\rdblquote  smirked the blonde witch behind the desk. \ldblquote You\rquote re the third I\rquote ve seen today \'85 Spell Damage, fourth floor \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They found Mr. Weasley propped up in bed with the remains of his turkey dinner on a tray in his lap and a rather sheepish expression on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everything all right, Arthur?\rdblquote  asked Mrs. Weasley, after they had all greeted Mr. Weasley and handed over their presents.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine, fine,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, a little too heartily. \ldblquote You \emdash  er \emdash  haven\rquote t seen Healer Smethwyck, have you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley suspiciously, \ldblquote why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing, nothing,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley airily, starting to unwrap his pile of gifts. \ldblquote Well, everyone had a good day? What did you all get for Christmas? Oh, \i Harry\i0  \emdash  this is absolutely \i wonderful\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For he had just opened Harry\rquote s gift of fuse-wire and screwdrivers. Mrs. Weasley did not seem entirely satisfied with Mr. Weasley\rquote s an\-swer. As her husband leaned over to shake Harry\rquote s hand, she peered at the bandaging under his nightshirt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur,\rdblquote  she said, with a snap in her voice like a mousetrap, \ldblquote you\rquote ve had your bandages changed. Why have you had your ban\-dages changed a day early, Arthur? They told me they wouldn\rquote t need doing until tomorrow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, looking rather frightened and pulling the bed covers higher up his chest. \ldblquote No, no \emdash  it\rquote s nothing \emdash  it\rquote s \emdash  I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He seemed to deflate under Mrs. Weasley\rquote s piercing gaze.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  now don\rquote t get upset, Molly, but Augustus Pye had an idea. \'85 He\rquote s the Trainee Healer, you know, lovely young chap and very interested in \'85 um \'85 complementary medicine. \'85 I mean,\lang3081  \lang1033 some of these old Muggle remedies \'85 well, they\rquote re called \i stitches,\i0  Molly, and they work very well on \emdash  on Muggle wounds \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley let out an ominous noise somewhere between a shriek and a snarl. Lupin strolled away from the bed and over to the werewolf, who had no visitors and was looking rather wistfully at the crowd around Mr. Weasley; Bill muttered something about getting himself a cup of tea and Fred and George leapt up to accompany him, grinning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you mean to tell me,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, her voice growing louder with every word and apparently unaware that her fellow visi\-tors were scurrying for cover, \ldblquote that you have been messing about with Muggle remedies?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not messing about, Molly, dear,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley imploringly. \ldblquote It was just \emdash  just something Pye and I thought we\rquote d try \emdash  only, most unfortunately \emdash  well, with these particular kinds of wounds \emdash  it doesn\rquote t seem to work as well as we\rquote d hoped \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Meaning\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well, I don\rquote t know whether you know what \emdash  what stitches are?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It sounds as though you\rquote ve been trying to sew your skin back to\-gether,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley with a snort of mirthless laughter, \ldblquote but even you, Arthur, wouldn\rquote t be \i that\i0  stupid \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I fancy a cup of tea too,\rdblquote  said Harry, jumping to his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione, Ron, and Ginny almost sprinted to the door with him. As it swung closed behind them, they heard Mrs. Weasley shriek, \ldblquote WHAT DO YOU MEAN, THAT\rquote S THE GENERAL IDEA?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Typical Dad,\rdblquote  said Ginny, shaking her head as they set off up the corridor. \ldblquote Stitches \'85 I ask you \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you know, they do work well on non-magical wounds,\rdblquote  said Hermione fairly. \ldblquote I suppose something in that snake\rquote s venom dissolves them or something. \'85 I wonder where the tearoom is?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fifth floor,\rdblquote  said Harry, remembering the sign over the Welcome Witch\rquote s desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They walked along the corridor through a set of double doors and found a rickety staircase lined with more portraits of brutal-looking Healers. As they climbed it, the various Healers called out to them, di\-agnosing odd complaints and suggesting horrible remedies. Ron was seriously affronted when a medieval wizard called out that he clearly had a bad case of spattergroit.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what\rquote s that supposed to be?\rdblquote  he asked angrily, as the Healer pursued him through six more portraits, shoving the occupants out of the way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Tis a most grievous affliction of the skin, young master, that will leave you pockmarked and more gruesome even than you are now \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Watch who you\rquote re calling gruesome!\rdblquote  said Ron, his ears turning red.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The only remedy is to take the liver of a toad, bind it tight about your throat, stand naked by the full moon in a barrel of eels\rquote  eyes \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have not got spattergroit!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But the unsightly blemishes upon your visage, young master \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re freckles!\rdblquote  said Ron furiously. \ldblquote Now get back in your own picture and leave me alone!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He rounded on the others, who were all keeping determinedly straight faces.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What floor\rquote s this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think it\rquote s the fifth,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nah, it\rquote s the fourth,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote one more \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But as he stepped onto the landing he came to an abrupt halt, star\-ing at the small window set into the double doors that marked the start of a corridor signposted SPELL DAMAGE. A man was peering out at them all with his nose pressed against the glass. He had wavy blond hair, bright blue eyes, and a broad vacant smile that revealed daz\-zlingly white teeth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey!\rdblquote  said Ron, also staring at the man.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh my goodness,\rdblquote  said Hermione suddenly, sounding breathless. \ldblquote Professor Lockhart!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Their ex-Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher pushed open the doors and moved toward them, wearing a long lilac dressing gown.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, hello there!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I expect you\rquote d like my autograph, would you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hasn\rquote t changed much, has he?\rdblquote  Harry muttered to Ginny, who grinned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  how are you, Professor?\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding slightly guilty. It had been Ron\rquote s malfunctioning wand that had damaged Professor Lockhart\rquote s memory so badly that he had landed here in the first place, though, as Lockhart had been attempting to permanently wipe Harry and Ron\rquote s memories at the time, Harry\rquote s sympathy was limited.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m very well indeed, thank you!\rdblquote  said Lockhart exuberantly, pulling a rather battered peacock-feather quill from his pocket. \ldblquote Now, how many autographs would you like? I can do joined-up writing now, you know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  we don\rquote t want any at the moment, thanks,\rdblquote  said Ron, rais\-ing his eyebrows at Harry, who asked, \ldblquote Professor, should you be wan\-dering around the corridors? Shouldn\rquote t you be in a ward?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The smile faded slowly from Lockhart\rquote s face. For a few moments he gazed intently at Harry, then he said, \ldblquote Haven\rquote t we met?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85 yeah, we have,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You used to teach us at Hog\-warts, remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Teach?\rdblquote  repeated Lockhart, looking faintly unsettled. \ldblquote Me? Did I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then the smile reappeared upon his face so suddenly it was rather alarming. \ldblquote Taught you everything you know, I expect, did I? Well, how about those autographs, then? Shall we say a round dozen, you can give them to all your little friends then and nobody will be left out!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But just then a head poked out of a door at the far end of the cor\-ridor and a voice said, \ldblquote Gilderoy, you naughty boy, where have you wandered off to?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A motherly looking Healer wearing a tinsel wreath in her hair came bustling up the corridor, smiling warmly at Harry and the others.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh Gilderoy, you\rquote ve got visitors! How \i lovely,\i0  and on Christmas Day too! Do you know, he \i never\i0  gets visitors, poor lamb, and I can\rquote t think why, he\rquote s such a sweetie, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re doing autographs!\rdblquote  Gilderoy told the Healer with another glittering smile. \ldblquote They want loads of them, won\rquote t take no for an an\-swer! I just hope we\rquote ve got enough photographs!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen to him,\rdblquote  said the Healer, taking Lockhart\rquote s arm and beam\-ing fondly at him as though he were a precocious two-year-old. \ldblquote He was rather well known a few years ago; we very much hope that this liking for giving autographs is a sign that his memory might be com\-ing back a little bit. Will you step this way? He\rquote s in a closed ward, you know, he must have slipped out while I was bringing in the Christmas presents, the door\rquote s usually kept locked \'85 not that he\rquote s dangerous! But,\rdblquote  she lowered her voice to a whisper, \ldblquote bit of a danger to himself, bless him. \'85 Doesn\rquote t know who he is, you see, wanders off and can\rquote t remember how to get back. \'85 It \i is\i0  nice of you to have come to see him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Ron, gesturing uselessly at the floor above, \ldblquote actually, we were just \emdash  er \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the Healer was smiling expectantly at them, and Ron\rquote s feeble mutter of \ldblquote going to have a cup of tea\rdblquote  trailed away into nothingness. They looked at one another rather hopelessly and then followed Lock\-hart and his Healer along the corridor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s not stay long,\rdblquote  Ron said quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Healer pointed her wand at the door of the Janus Thickey ward and muttered \ldblquote\i Alohomora.\i0\rdblquote  The door swung open and she led\lang3081  \lang1033 the way inside, keeping a firm grasp on Gilderoy\rquote s arm until she had settled him into an armchair beside his bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is our long-term resident ward,\rdblquote  she informed Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny in a low voice. \ldblquote For permanent spell damage, you know. Of course, with intensive remedial potions and charms and a bit of luck, we can produce some improvement. \'85 Gilderoy does seem to be getting back some sense of himself, and we\rquote ve seen a real improvement in Mr. Bode, he seems to be regaining the power of speech very well, though he isn\rquote t speaking any language we recognize yet. \'85 Well, I must finish giving out the Christmas presents, I\rquote ll leave you all to chat. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around; this ward bore unmistakable signs of being a permanent home to its residents. They had many more personal ef\-fects around their beds than in Mr. Weasley\rquote s ward; the wall around Gilderoy\rquote s headboard, for instance, was papered with pictures of him\-self, all beaming toothily and waving at the new arrivals. He had au\-tographed many of them to himself in disjointed, childish writing. The moment he had been deposited in his chair by the Healer, Gilderoy pulled a fresh stack of photographs toward him, seized a quill, and started signing them all feverishly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can put them in envelopes,\rdblquote  he said to Ginny, throwing the signed pictures into her lap one by one as he finished them. \ldblquote I am not forgotten, you know, no, I still receive a very great deal of fan mail. \'85 Gladys Gudgeon writes \i weekly. \'85\i0  I just wish I knew \i why. \'85\i0\rdblquote  He paused, looking faintly puzzled, then beamed again and returned to his signing with renewed vigor. \ldblquote I suspect it is simply my good looks. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A sallow-skinned, mournful-looking wizard lay in the bed oppo\-site, staring at the ceiling; he was mumbling to himself and seemed quite unaware of anything around him. Two beds along was a woman whose entire head was covered in fur; Harry remembered something\lang3081  \lang1033 similar happening to Hermione during their second year, although fortunately the damage, in her case, had not been permanent. At the far end of the ward flowery curtains had been drawn around two beds to give the occupants and their visitors some privacy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here you are, Agnes,\rdblquote  said the Healer brightly to the furry-faced woman, handing her a small pile of Christmas presents. \ldblquote See, not for\-gotten, are you? And your son\rquote s sent an owl to say he\rquote s visiting tonight, so that\rquote s nice, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Agnes gave several loud barks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And look, Broderick, you\rquote ve been sent a potted plant and a lovely calendar with a different fancy hippogriff for each month, they\rquote ll brighten things up, won\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said the Healer, bustling along to the mumbling man, setting a rather ugly plant with long, swaying tenta\-cles on the bedside cabinet and fixing the calendar to the wall with her wand. \ldblquote And \emdash  oh, Mrs. Longbottom, are you leaving already?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s head spun round. The curtains had been drawn back from the two beds at the end of the ward and two visitors were walking back down the aisle between the beds: a formidable-looking old witch wearing a long green dress, a moth-eaten fox fur, and a pointed hat decorated with what was unmistakably a stuffed vulture and, trailing behind her looking thoroughly depressed \emdash  \i Neville.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 With a sudden rush of understanding, Harry realized who the people in the end beds must be. He cast around wildly for some means of distracting the others so that Neville could leave the ward unnoticed and unquestioned, but Ron had looked up at the sound of the name \ldblquote Longbottom\rdblquote  too, and before Harry could stop him had called, \ldblquote\i Neville\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville jumped and cowered as though a bullet had narrowly missed him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s us, Neville!\rdblquote  said Ron brightly, getting to his feet. \ldblquote Have you seen? Lockhart\rquote s here! Who\rquote ve you been visiting?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Friends of yours, Neville, dear?\rdblquote  said Neville\rquote s grandmother gra\-ciously, bearing down upon them all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville looked as though he would rather be anywhere in the world but here. A dull purple flush was creeping up his plump face and he was not making eye contact with any of them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, yes,\rdblquote  said his grandmother, looking closely at Harry and stick\-ing out a shriveled, clawlike hand for him to shake. \ldblquote Yes, yes, I know who you are, of course. Neville speaks most highly of you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking hands. Neville did not look at him, but stared at his own feet, the color deepening in his face all the while.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you two are clearly Weasleys,\rdblquote  Mrs. Longbottom continued, proffering her hand regally to Ron and Ginny in turn. \ldblquote Yes, I know your parents \emdash  not well, of course \emdash  but fine people, fine people \'85 and you must be Hermione Granger?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked rather startled that Mrs. Longbottom knew her name, but shook hands all the same.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Neville\rquote s told me all about you. Helped him out of a few sticky spots, haven\rquote t you? He\rquote s a good boy,\rdblquote  she said, casting a sternly appraising look down her rather bony nose at Neville, \ldblquote but he hasn\rquote t got his father\rquote s talent, I\rquote m afraid to say. \'85\rdblquote  And she jerked her head in the direction of the two beds at the end of the ward, so that the stuffed vulture on her hat trembled alarmingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking amazed (Harry wanted to stamp on Ron\rquote s foot, but that sort of thing was much harder to bring off unno\-ticed when you were wearing jeans rather than robes). \ldblquote Is that your \i dad\i0  down the end, Neville?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s this?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Longbottom sharply. \ldblquote Haven\rquote t you told your friends about your parents, Neville?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville took a deep breath, looked up at the ceiling, and shook his head. Harry could not remember ever feeling sorrier for anyone,\lang3081  \lang1033 but he could not think of any way of helping Neville out of the situation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s nothing to be ashamed of!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Longbottom an\-grily. \ldblquote You should be \i proud,\i0  Neville, \i proud\i0 ! They didn\rquote t give their health and their sanity so their only son would be ashamed of them, you know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not ashamed,\rdblquote  said Neville very faintly, still looking anywhere but at Harry and the others. Ron was now standing on tiptoe to look over at the inhabitants of the two beds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you\rquote ve got a funny way of showing it!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Longbot\-tom. \ldblquote My son and his wife,\rdblquote  she said, turning haughtily to Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny, \ldblquote were tortured into insanity by You-Know-Who\rquote s followers.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione and Ginny both clapped their hands over their mouths. Ron stopped craning his neck to catch a glimpse of Neville\rquote s parents and looked mortified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They were Aurors, you know, and very well respected within the Wizarding community,\rdblquote  Mrs. Longbottom went on. \ldblquote Highly gifted, the pair of them. I \emdash  yes, Alice dear, what is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville\rquote s mother had come edging down the ward in her nightdress. She no longer had the plump, happy-looking face Harry had seen in Moody\rquote s old photograph of the original Order of the Phoenix. Her face was thin and worn now, her eyes seemed overlarge, and her hair, which had turned white, was wispy and dead-looking. She did not seem to want to speak, or perhaps she was not able to, but she made timid motions toward Neville, holding something in her outstretched hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Again?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Longbottom, sounding slightly weary. \ldblquote Very well, Alice dear, very well \emdash  Neville, take it, whatever it is. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Neville had already stretched out his hand, into which his mother dropped an empty Droobles Blowing Gum wrapper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very nice, dear,\rdblquote  said Neville\rquote s grandmother in a falsely cheery\lang3081  \lang1033 voice, patting his mother on the shoulder. But Neville said quietly, \ldblquote Thanks Mum.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His mother tottered away, back up the ward, humming to herself. Neville looked around at the others, his expression defiant, as though daring them to laugh, but Harry did not think he\rquote d ever found any\-thing less funny in his life.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we\rquote d better get back,\rdblquote  sighed Mrs. Longbottom, drawing on long green gloves. \ldblquote Very nice to have met you all. Neville, put that wrapper in the bin, she must have given you enough of them to paper your bedroom by now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But as they left, Harry was sure he saw Neville slip the wrapper into his pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door closed behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I never knew,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who looked tearful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nor did I,\rdblquote  said Ron rather hoarsely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nor me,\rdblquote  whispered Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all looked at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did,\rdblquote  he said glumly. \ldblquote Dumbledore told me but I promised I wouldn\rquote t mention it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 that\rquote s what Bellatrix Lestrange got sent to Azkaban for, using the Cruciatus Curse on Neville\rquote s parents until they lost their minds.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bellatrix Lestrange did that?\rdblquote  whispered Hermione, horrified. \ldblquote That woman Kreacher\rquote s got a photo of in his den?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a long silence, broken by Lockhart\rquote s angry voice. \ldblquote Look, I didn\rquote t learn joined-up writing for nothing, you know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 24\par
\pard\qc Occlumency\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Kreacher, it transpired, had been lurking in the attic. Sirius said he had found him up there, covered in dust, no doubt looking for more relics of the Black family to hide in his cupboard. Though Sirius seemed satisfied with this story, it made Harry uneasy. Kreacher seemed to be in a better mood on his reappearance, his bitter mutter\-ing had subsided somewhat, and he submitted to orders more docilely than usual, though once or twice Harry caught the house-elf staring avidly at him, always looking quickly away when he saw that Harry had noticed.\par
Harry did not mention his vague suspicions to Sirius, whose cheer\-fulness was evaporating fast now that Christmas was over. As the date of their departure back to Hogwarts drew nearer, he became more and more prone to what Mrs. Weasley called \ldblquote fits of the sullens,\rdblquote  in which he would become taciturn and grumpy, often withdrawing to Buck\-beak\rquote s room for hours at a time. His gloom seeped through the house, oozing under doorways like some noxious gas, so that all of them be\-came infected by it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not want to leave Sirius all alone again with only Kreacher\lang3081  \lang1033 for company. In fact, for the first time in his life, he was not looking forward to returning to Hogwarts. Going back to school would mean placing himself once again under the tyranny of Dolores Umbridge, who had no doubt managed to force through another dozen decrees in their absence. Then there was no Quidditch to look forward to now that he had been banned; there was every likelihood that their burden of homework would increase as the exams drew even nearer; Dumble\-dore remained as remote as ever; in fact, if it had not been for the D.A., Harry felt he might have gone to Sirius and begged him to let him leave Hogwarts and remain in Grimmauld Place.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then, on the very last day of the holidays, something happened that made Harry positively dread his return to school.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry dear,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, poking her head into his and Ron\rquote s bedroom, where the pair of them were playing wizard chess watched by Hermione, Ginny, and Crookshanks, \ldblquote could you come down to the kitchen? Professor Snape would like a word with you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not immediately register what she had said; one of his castles was engaged in a violent tussle with a pawn of Ron\rquote s, and he was egging it on enthusiastically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Squash him \emdash  \i squash him,\i0  he\rquote s only a pawn, you idiot \emdash  sorry, Mrs. Weasley, what did you say?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Snape, dear. In the kitchen. He\rquote d like a word.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s mouth fell open in horror. He looked around at Ron, Hermione, and Ginny, all of whom were gaping back at him. Crook\-shanks, whom Hermione had been restraining with difficulty for the past quarter of an hour, leapt gleefully upon the board and set the pieces running for cover, squealing at the top of their voices.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape?\rdblquote  said Harry blankly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Professor\i0  Snape, dear,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley reprovingly. \ldblquote Now come on, quickly, he says he can\rquote t stay long.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s he want with you?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking unnerved as Mrs. Weasley withdrew from the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You haven\rquote t done anything, have you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Harry indignantly, racking his brains to think what he could have done that would make Snape pursue him to Grimmauld Place. Had his last piece of homework perhaps earned a\lang3081  \lang1033 T?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pushed open the kitchen door a minute or two later to find Sir\-ius and Snape both seated at the long kitchen table, glaring in oppo\-site directions. The silence between them was heavy with mutual dislike. A letter lay open on the table in front of Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Harry to announce his presence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape looked around at him, his face framed between curtains of greasy black hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sit down, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know,\rdblquote  said Sirius loudly, leaning back on his rear chair legs and speaking to the ceiling, \ldblquote I think I\rquote d prefer it if you didn\rquote t give or\-ders here, Snape. It\rquote s my house, you see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An ugly flush suffused Snape\rquote s pallid face. Harry sat down in a chair beside Sirius, facing Snape across the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was supposed to see you alone, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape, the familiar sneer curling his mouth, \ldblquote but Black \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m his godfather,\rdblquote  said Sirius, louder than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am here on Dumbledore\rquote s orders,\rdblquote  said Snape, whose voice, by contrast, was becoming more and more quietly waspish, \ldblquote but by all means stay, Black, I know you like to feel\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 involved.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that supposed to mean?\rdblquote  said Sirius, letting his chair fall back onto all four legs with a loud bang.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Merely that I am sure you must feel \emdash  ah \emdash  frustrated by the fact that you can do nothing \i useful,\i0\rdblquote  Snape laid a delicate stress on the word, \ldblquote for the Order.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Sirius\rquote s turn to flush. Snape\rquote s lip curled in triumph as he turned to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The headmaster has sent me to tell you, Potter, that it is his wish for you to study Occlumency this term.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Study what?\rdblquote  said Harry blankly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape\rquote s sneer became more pronounced.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Occlumency, Potter. The magical defense of the mind against ex\-ternal penetration. An obscure branch of magic, but a highly useful one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart began to pump very fast indeed. Defense against ex\-ternal penetration? But he was not being possessed, they had all agreed on that. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why do I have to study Occlu \emdash  thing?\rdblquote  he blurted out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because the headmaster thinks it a good idea,\rdblquote  said Snape smoothly. \ldblquote You will receive private lessons once a week, but you will not tell anybody what you are doing, least of all Dolores Umbridge. You understand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Who\rquote s going to be teaching me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape raised an eyebrow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had the horrible sensation that his insides were melting. Ex\-tra lessons with Snape \emdash  what on earth had he done to deserve this? He looked quickly around at Sirius for support.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why can\rquote t Dumbledore teach Harry?\rdblquote  asked Sirius aggressively. \ldblquote Why you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose because it is a headmaster\rquote s privilege to delegate less en\-joyable tasks,\rdblquote  said Snape silkily. \ldblquote I assure you I did not beg for the job.\rdblquote  He got to his feet. \ldblquote I will expect you at six o\rquote clock on Monday evening, Potter. My office. If anybody asks, you are taking Remedial Potions. Nobody who has seen you in my classes could deny you need them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned to leave, his black traveling cloak billowing behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait a moment,\rdblquote  said Sirius, sitting up straighter in his chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape turned back to face them, sneering.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am in rather a hurry, Black \'85 unlike you, I do not have unlim\-ited leisure time. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll get to the point, then,\rdblquote  said Sirius, standing up. He was rather taller than Snape who, Harry noticed, had balled his fist in the pocket of his cloak over what Harry was sure was the handle of his wand. \ldblquote If I hear you\rquote re using these Occlumency lessons to give Harry a hard time, you\rquote ll have me to answer to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How touching,\rdblquote  Snape sneered. \ldblquote But surely you have noticed that Potter is very like his father?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I have,\rdblquote  said Sirius proudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well then, you\rquote ll know he\rquote s so arrogant that criticism simply bounces off him,\rdblquote  Snape said sleekly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius pushed his chair roughly aside and strode around the table toward Snape, pulling out his wand as he went; Snape whipped out his own. They were squaring up to each other, Sirius looking livid, Snape calculating, his eyes darting from Sirius\rquote s wand tip to his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius!\rdblquote  said Harry loudly, but Sirius appeared not to hear him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve warned you, \i Snivellus,\i0\rdblquote\i  \i0 said Sirius, his face barely a foot from Snape\rquote s, \ldblquote I don\rquote t care if Dumbledore thinks you\rquote ve reformed, I know better \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, but why don\rquote t you tell him so?\rdblquote  whispered Snape. \ldblquote Or are you afraid he might not take the advice of a man who has been hiding in\-side his mother\rquote s house for six months very seriously?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell me, how is Lucius Malfoy these days? I expect he\rquote s delighted his lapdog\rquote s working at Hogwarts, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Speaking of dogs,\rdblquote  said Snape softly, \ldblquote did you know that Lucius Malfoy recognized you last time you risked a little jaunt outside? Clever idea, Black, getting yourself seen on a safe station platform \'85 gave you a cast-iron excuse not to leave your hidey-hole in future, didn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius raised his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, vaulting over the table and trying to get in be\-tween them, \ldblquote Sirius, don\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you calling me a coward?\rdblquote  roared Sirius, trying to push Harry out of the way, but Harry would not budge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why, yes, I suppose I am,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash  get \emdash  out \emdash  of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  it!\rdblquote  snarled Sirius, pushing him out of the way with his free hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The kitchen door opened and the entire Weasley family, plus Hermione, came inside, all looking very happy, with Mr. Weasley walking proudly in their midst dressed in a pair of striped pajamas covered by a mackintosh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cured!\rdblquote  he announced brightly to the kitchen at large. \ldblquote Com\-pletely cured!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and all the other Weasleys froze on the threshold, gazing at the scene in front of them, which was also suspended in mid-action, both Sirius and Snape looking toward the door with their wands pointing into each other\rquote s faces and Harry immobile between them, a hand stretched out to each of them, trying to force them apart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Merlin\rquote s beard,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, the smile sliding off his face, \ldblquote what\rquote s going on here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Both Sirius and Snape lowered their wands. Harry looked from one to the other. Each wore an expression of utmost contempt, yet the unexpected entrance of so many witnesses seemed to have brought them to their senses. Snape pocketed his wand and swept back across the kitchen, passing the Weasleys without comment. At the door he looked back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Six o\rquote clock Monday evening, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was gone. Sirius glared after him, his wand at his side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what\rquote s been going on?\rdblquote  asked Mr. Weasley again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing, Arthur,\rdblquote  said Sirius, who was breathing heavily as though he had just run a long distance. \ldblquote Just a friendly little chat between two old school friends. \'85\rdblquote  With what looked like an enormous effort, he smiled. \ldblquote So \'85 you\rquote re cured? That\rquote s great news, really great. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, leading her husband forward into a chair. \ldblquote Healer Smethwyck worked his magic in the end, found an antidote to whatever that snake\rquote s got in its fangs, and Arthur\rquote s learned his lesson about dabbling in Muggle medicine, \i haven\rquote t you, dear\i0 ?\rdblquote  she added, rather menacingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Molly dear,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley meekly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 That night\rquote s meal should have been a cheerful one with Mr. Weasley back amongst them; Harry could tell Sirius was trying to make it so, yet when his godfather was not forcing himself to laugh loudly at Fred and George\rquote s jokes or offering everyone more food, his face fell back into a moody, brooding expression. Harry was separated from him by Mundungus and Mad-Eye, who had dropped in to offer Mr. Weasley their congratulations; he wanted to talk to Sirius, to tell him that he should not listen to a word Snape said, that Snape was goading him deliberately and that the rest of them did not think Sir\-ius was a coward for doing as Dumbledore told him and remaining in Grimmauld Place, but he had no opportunity to do so, and wondered occasionally, eyeing the ugly look on Sirius\rquote s face, whether he would have dared to even if he had the chance. Instead he told Ron and Hermione under his voice about having to take Occlumency lessons with Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore wants to stop you having those dreams about Volde\-mort,\rdblquote  said Hermione at once. \ldblquote Well, you won\rquote t be sorry not to have them anymore, will you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Extra lessons with Snape?\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding aghast. \ldblquote I\rquote d rather have the nightmares!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were to return to Hogwarts on the Knight Bus the following day, escorted once again by Tonks and Lupin, both of whom were eat\-ing breakfast in the kitchen when Harry, Ron, and Hermione arrived there next morning. The adults seemed to have been midway through a whispered conversation when the door opened; all of them looked around hastily and fell silent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After a hurried breakfast they pulled on jackets and scarves against the chilly gray January morning. Harry had an unpleasant constricted sensation in his chest; he did not want to say good-bye to Sirius. He had a bad feeling about this parting; he did not know when they would next see each other and felt that it was incumbent upon him to say something to Sirius to stop him doing anything stupid \emdash  Harry was worried that Snape\rquote s accusation of cowardice had stung Sirius so badly he might even now be planning some foolhardy trip beyond Grimmauld Place. Before he could think of what to say, however, Sir\-ius had beckoned him to his side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want you to take this,\rdblquote  he said quietly, thrusting a badly wrapped package roughly the size of a paperback book into Harry\rquote s hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A way of letting me know if Snape\rquote s giving you a hard time. No, don\rquote t open it in here!\rdblquote  said Sirius, with a wary look at Mrs. Weasley, who was trying to persuade the twins to wear hand-knitted mittens. \ldblquote I doubt Molly would approve \emdash  but I want you to use it if you need me, all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, stowing the package away in the inside pocket of his jacket, but he knew he would never use whatever it was. It would not be he, Harry, who lured Sirius from his place of safety, no matter how foully Snape treated him in their forthcoming Occlu\-mency classes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s go, then,\rdblquote  said Sirius, clapping Harry on the shoulder and smiling grimly, and before Harry could say anything else, they were heading upstairs, stopping before the heavily chained and bolted front door, surrounded by Weasleys.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good-bye, Harry, take care,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, hugging him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See you Harry, and keep an eye out for snakes for me!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley genially, shaking his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right \emdash  yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry distractedly. It was his last chance to tell Sirius to be careful; he turned, looked into his godfather\rquote s face and\lang3081  \lang1033 opened his mouth to speak, but before he could do so Sirius was giv\-ing him a brief, one-armed hug. He said gruffly, \ldblquote Look after yourself, Harry,\rdblquote  and next moment Harry found himself being shunted out into the icy winter air, with Tonks (today heavily disguised as a tall, tweedy woman with iron-gray hair) chivvying him down the steps.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door of number twelve slammed shut behind them. They fol\-lowed Lupin down the front steps. As he reached the pavement, Harry looked around. Number twelve was shrinking rapidly as those on ei\-ther side of it stretched sideways, squeezing it out of sight; one blink later, it had gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, the quicker we get on the bus the better,\rdblquote  said Tonks, and Harry thought there was nervousness in the glance she threw around the square. Lupin flung out his right arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 BANG.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A violently purple, triple-decker bus had appeared out of thin air in front of them, narrowly avoiding the nearest lamppost, which jumped backward out of its way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A thin, pimply, jug-eared youth in a purple uniform leapt down onto the pavement and said, \ldblquote Welcome to the \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, yes, we know, thank you,\rdblquote  said Tonks swiftly. \ldblquote On, on, get on \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she shoved Harry forward toward the steps, past the conduc\-tor, who goggled at Harry as he passed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Ere \emdash  it\rquote s \rquote Arry \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you shout his name I will curse you into oblivion,\rdblquote  muttered Tonks menacingly, now shunting Ginny and Hermione forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve always wanted to go on this thing,\rdblquote  said Ron happily, joining Harry on board and looking around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It had been evening the last time Harry had traveled by Knight Bus and its three decks had been full of brass bedsteads. Now, in the early morning, it was crammed with an assortment of mismatched chairs\lang3081  \lang1033 grouped haphazardly around windows. Some of these appeared to have fallen over when the bus stopped abruptly in Grimmauld Place; a few witches and wizards were still getting to their feet, grumbling, and somebody\rquote s shopping bag had slid the length of the bus; an un\-pleasant mixture of frog spawn, cockroaches, and custard creams was scattered all over the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Looks like we\rquote ll have to split up,\rdblquote  said Tonics briskly, looking around for empty chairs. \ldblquote Fred, George, and Ginny, if you just take those seats at the back \'85 Remus can stay with you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She, Harry, Ron, and Hermione proceeded up to the very top deck, where there were two chairs at the very front of the bus and two at the back. Stan Shunpike, the conductor, followed Harry and Ron eagerly to the back. Heads turned as Harry passed and when he sat down, he saw all the faces flick back to the front again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry and Ron handed Stan eleven Sickles each, the bus set off again, swaying ominously. It rumbled around Grimmauld Square, weaving on and off the pavement, then, with another tremendous BANG, they were all flung backward; Ron\rquote s chair toppled right over and Pigwidgeon, who had been on his lap, burst out of his cage and flew twittering wildly up to the front of the bus where he fluttered down upon Hermione\rquote s shoulder instead. Harry, who had narrowly avoided falling by seizing a candle bracket, looked out of the window: they were now speeding down what appeared to be a motorway.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just outside Birmingham,\rdblquote  said Stan happily, answering Harry\rquote s unasked question as Ron struggled up from the floor. \ldblquote You keepin\rquote  well, then, \rquote Arry? I seen your name in the paper loads over the summer, but it weren\rquote t never nuffink very nice. \'85 I said to Ern, I said, \lquote\lang3081\rquote\lang1033 e didn\rquote t seem like a nutter when we met \rquote im, just goes to show, dunnit?\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He handed over their tickets and continued to gaze, enthralled, at Harry; apparently Stan did not care how nutty somebody was if they were famous enough to be in the paper. The Knight Bus swayed\lang3081  \lang1033 alarmingly, overtaking a line of cars on the inside. Looking toward the front of the bus Harry saw Hermione cover her eyes with her hands, Pigwidgeon still swaying happily on her shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 BANG.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Chairs slid backward again as the Knight Bus jumped from the Birmingham motorway to a quiet country lane full of hairpin bends. Hedgerows on either side of the road were leaping out of their way as they mounted the verges. From here they moved to a main street in the middle of a busy town, then to a viaduct surrounded by tall hills, then to a windswept road between high-rise flats, each time with a loud BANG.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve changed my mind,\rdblquote  muttered Ron, picking himself up from the floor for the sixth time, \ldblquote I never want to ride on here again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen, it\rquote s \rquote Ogwarts stop after this,\rdblquote  said Stan brightly, swaying to\-ward them. \ldblquote That bossy woman up front \rquote oo got on with you, she\rquote s given us a little tip to move you up the queue. We\rquote re just gonna let Madam Marsh off first, though \emdash\rdblquote  There was more retching from downstairs, followed by a horrible spattering sound. \ldblquote She\rquote s not feeling \rquote er best.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few minutes later the Knight Bus screeched to a halt outside a small pub, which squeezed itself out of the way to avoid a collision. They could hear Stan ushering the unfortunate Madam Marsh out of the bus and the relieved murmurings of her fellow passengers on the second deck. The bus moved on again, gathering speed, until \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 BANG.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were rolling through a snowy Hogsmeade. Harry caught a glimpse of the Hog\rquote s Head down its side street, the severed boar\rquote s head sign creaking in the wintry wind. Flecks of snow hit the large window at the front of the bus. At last they rolled to a halt outside the gates to Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin and Tonks helped them off the bus with their luggage and then got off to say good-bye. Harry glanced up at the three decks of\lang3081  \lang1033 the Knight Bus and saw all the passengers staring down at them, noses flat against the windows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll be safe once you\rquote re in the grounds,\rdblquote  said Tonks, casting a careful eye around at the deserted road. \ldblquote Have a good term, okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look after yourselves,\rdblquote  said Lupin, shaking hands all round and reaching Harry last. \ldblquote And listen \'85\rdblquote  He lowered his voice while the rest of them exchanged last-minute good-byes with Tonks, \ldblquote Harry, I know you don\rquote t like Snape, but he is a superb Occlumens and we all \emdash  Sirius included \emdash  want you to learn to protect yourself, so work hard, all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, all right,\rdblquote  said Harry heavily, looking up into Lupin\rquote s pre\-maturely lined face. \ldblquote See you, then \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The six of them struggled up the slippery drive toward the castle dragging their trunks. Hermione was already talking about knitting a few elf hats before bedtime. Harry glanced back when they reached the oak front doors; the Knight Bus had already gone, and he half-wished, given what was coming the following day, that he was still on board.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry spent most of the next day dreading the evening. His morning Potions lesson did nothing to dispel his trepidation, as Snape was as unpleasant as ever, and Harry\rquote s mood was further lowered by the fact that members of the D.A. were continually approaching him in the corridors between classes, asking hopefully whether there would be a meeting that night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll let you know when the next one is,\rdblquote  Harry said over and over again, \ldblquote but I can\rquote t do it tonight, I\rquote ve got to go to \emdash  er \emdash  Remedial Potions. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You take \i Remedial Potions\i0 ?\rdblquote  asked Zacharias Smith superciliously, having cornered Harry in the entrance hall after lunch. \ldblquote Good Lord, you must be terrible, Snape doesn\rquote t usually give extra lessons, does he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Smith strode away in an annoyingly buoyant fashion, Ron glared after him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shall I jinx him? I can still get him from here,\rdblquote  he said, raising his wand and taking aim between Smith\rquote s shoulder blades.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Forget it,\rdblquote  said Harry dismally. \ldblquote It\rquote s what everyone\rquote s going to think, isn\rquote t it? That I\rquote m really stup \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Harry,\rdblquote  said a voice behind him. He turned around and found Cho standing there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Harry as his stomach leapt uncomfortably. \ldblquote Hi.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll be in the library, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione firmly, and she seized Ron above the elbow and dragged him off toward the marble staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Had a good Christmas?\rdblquote  asked Cho.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, not bad,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mine was pretty quiet,\rdblquote  said Cho. For some reason, she was look\-ing rather embarrassed. \ldblquote Erm \'85 there\rquote s another Hogsmeade trip next month, did you see the notice?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? Oh no, I haven\rquote t checked the notice board since I got back. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, it\rquote s on Valentine\rquote s Day. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry, wondering why she was telling him this. \ldblquote Well, I suppose you want to \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only if you do,\rdblquote  she said eagerly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared. He had been about to say \ldblquote I suppose you want to know when the next D.A. meeting is?\rdblquote  but her response did not seem to fit.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  er \emdash\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s okay if you don\rquote t,\rdblquote  she said, looking mortified. \ldblquote Don\rquote t worry. I\lang3081 -\lang1033 I\rquote ll see you around.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She walked away. Harry stood staring after her, his brain working frantically. Then something clunked into place.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cho!\lang3081  \lang1033 Hey \emdash  CHO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He ran after her, catching her halfway up the marble staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  d\rquote you want to come into Hogsmeade with me on Valen\-tine\rquote s Day?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oooh, yes!\rdblquote  she said, blushing crimson and beaming at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 that\rquote s settled then,\rdblquote  said Harry, and feeling that the day was not going to be a complete loss after all, he headed off to the library to pick up Ron and Hermione before their afternoon lessons, walking in a rather bouncy way himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 By six o\rquote clock that evening, however, even the glow of having suc\-cessfully asked out Cho Chang was insufficient to lighten the omi\-nous feelings that intensified with every step Harry took toward Snape\rquote s office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He paused outside the door when he reached it, wishing he were al\-most anywhere else, then, taking a deep breath, knocked, and entered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a shadowy room lined with shelves bearing hundreds of glass jars in which floated slimy bits of animals and plants, suspended in variously colored potions. In a corner stood the cupboard full of in\-gredients that Snape had once accused Harry \emdash  not without reason \emdash  of robbing. Harry\rquote s attention was drawn toward the desk, however, where a shallow stone basin engraved with runes and sym\-bols lay in a pool of candlelight. Harry recognized it at once \emdash  Dum\-bledore\rquote s Pensieve. Wondering what on earth it was doing here, he jumped when Snape\rquote s cold voice came out of the corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut the door behind you, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did as he was told with the horrible feeling that he was im\-prisoning himself as he did so. When he turned back to face the room Snape had moved into the light and was pointing silently at the chair opposite his desk. Harry sat down and so did Snape, his cold black eyes fixed unblinkingly upon Harry, dislike etched in every line of his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Potter, you know why you are here,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote The head\-master has asked me to teach you Occlumency. I can only hope that you prove more adept at it than Potions.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry tersely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This may not be an ordinary class, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape, his eyes narrowed malevolently, \ldblquote but I am still your teacher and you will there\-fore call me \lquote sir\rquote  or \lquote Professor\rquote  at all times.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \'85 \i sir,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, Occlumency. As I told you back in your dear godfather\rquote s kitchen, this branch of magic seals the mind against magical intrusion and influence.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And why does Professor Dumbledore think I need it, sir?\rdblquote  said Harry, looking directly into Snape\rquote s dark, cold eyes and wondering whether he would answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape looked back at him for a moment and then said contemptu\-ously, \ldblquote Surely even you could have worked that out by now, Potter? The Dark Lord is highly skilled at Legilimency \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that? \i Sir\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is the ability to extract feelings and memories from another per\-son\rquote s mind \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He can read minds?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, his worst fears confirmed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have no subtlety, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape, his dark eyes glittering. \ldblquote You do not understand fine distinctions. It is one of the shortcom\-ings that makes you such a lamentable potion-maker.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape paused for a moment, apparently to savor the pleasure of insulting Harry, before continuing, \ldblquote Only Muggles talk of \lquote mind reading.\rquote  The mind is not a book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure. Thoughts are not etched on the inside of skulls, to be perused by any invader. The mind is a complex and many-layered thing, Potter \'85 or at least, most minds are. \'85\rdblquote  He smirked. \ldblquote It is true, however, that those who have mastered Legilimency are able, under certain conditions, to delve into the minds of their victims and to interpret their findings correctly. The Dark Lord, for instance, almost always knows when somebody is lying to him. Only those skilled at Occlumency are able to shut down those feelings and memories that contradict the lie, and so utter falsehoods in his presence without detection.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Whatever Snape said, Legilimency sounded like mind reading to Harry and he did not like the sound of it at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So he could know what we\rquote re thinking right now? Sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord is at a considerable distance and the walls and grounds of Hogwarts are guarded by many ancient spells and charms to ensure the bodily and mental safety of those who dwell within them,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote Time and space matter in magic, Potter. Eye con\-tact is often essential to Legilimency.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well then, why do I have to learn Occlumency?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape eyed Harry, tracing his mouth with one long, thin finger as he did so.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The usual rules do not seem to apply with you, Potter. The curse that failed to kill you seems to have forged some kind of connection between you and the Dark Lord. The evidence suggests that at times, when your mind is most relaxed and vulnerable \emdash  when you are asleep, for instance \emdash  you are sharing the Dark Lord\rquote s thoughts and emotions. The headmaster thinks it inadvisable for this to continue. He wishes me to teach you how to close your mind to the Dark Lord.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart was pumping fast again. None of this added up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why does Professor Dumbledore want to stop it?\rdblquote  he asked abruptly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t like it much, but it\rquote s been useful, hasn\rquote t it? I mean \'85 I saw that snake attack Mr. Weasley and if I hadn\rquote t, Professor Dumbledore wouldn\rquote t have been able to save him, would he? Sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape stared at Harry for a few moments, still tracing his mouth\lang3081  \lang1033 with his finger. When he spoke again, it was slowly and deliberately, as though he weighed every word.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It appears that the Dark Lord has been unaware of the connection between you and himself until very recently. Up till now it seems that you have been experiencing his emotions and sharing his thoughts without his being any the wiser. However, the vision you had shortly before Christmas \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The one with the snake and Mr. Weasley?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do not interrupt me, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape in a dangerous voice. \ldblquote As I was saying \'85 the vision you had shortly before Christmas repre\-sented such a powerful incursion upon the Dark Lord\rquote s thoughts \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw inside the snake\rquote s head, not his!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought I just told you not to interrupt me, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry did not care if Snape was angry; at last he seemed to be getting to the bottom of this business. He had moved forward in his chair so that, without realizing it, he was perched on the very edge, tense as though poised for flight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come I saw through the snake\rquote s eyes if it\rquote s Voldemort\rquote s thoughts I\rquote m sharing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Do not say the Dark Lord\rquote s name\i0 !\rdblquote  spat Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a nasty silence. They glared at each other across the Pensieve.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore says his name,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore is an extremely powerful wizard,\rdblquote  Snape muttered. \ldblquote While \i he\i0  may feel secure enough to use the name \'85 the rest of us \'85\rdblquote  He rubbed his left forearm, apparently unconsciously, on the spot where Harry knew the Dark Mark was burned into his skin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I just wanted to know,\rdblquote  Harry began again, forcing his voice back to politeness, \ldblquote why \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You seem to have visited the snake\rquote s mind because that was where the Dark Lord was at that particular moment,\rdblquote  snarled Snape. \ldblquote He\lang3081  \lang1033 was possessing the snake at the time and so you dreamed you were in\-side it too. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Vol \emdash  he \emdash  realized I was there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It seems so,\rdblquote  said Snape coolly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you know?\rdblquote  said Harry urgently. \ldblquote Is this just Professor Dumbledore guessing, or \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told you,\rdblquote  said Snape, rigid in his chair, his eyes slits, \ldblquote to call me \lquote sir.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently, \ldblquote but how do you know \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is enough that we know,\rdblquote  said Snape repressively. \ldblquote The impor\-tant point is that the Dark Lord is now aware that you are gaining access to his thoughts and feelings. He has also deduced that the process is likely to work in reverse; that is to say, he has realized that he might be able to access your thoughts and feelings in return \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And he might try and make me do things?\rdblquote  asked Harry. \ldblquote\i Sir\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he added hurriedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He might,\rdblquote  said Snape, sounding cold and unconcerned. \ldblquote Which brings us back to Occlumency.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape pulled out his wand from an inside pocket of his robes and Harry tensed in his chair, but Snape merely raised the wand to his temple and placed its tip into the greasy roots of his hair. When he withdrew it, some silvery substance came away, stretching from tem\-ple to wand like a thick gossamer strand, which broke as he pulled the wand away from it and fell gracefully into the Pensieve, where it swirled silvery white, neither gas nor liquid. Twice more Snape raised the wand to his temple and deposited the silvery substance into the stone basin, then, without offering any explanation of his behavior, he picked up the Pensieve carefully, removed it to a shelf out of their way and returned to face Harry with his wand held at the ready.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stand up and take out your wand, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry got to his feet feeling nervous. They faced each other with the desk between them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You may use your wand to attempt to disarm me, or defend your\-self in any other way you can think of,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what are you going to do?\rdblquote  Harry asked, eyeing Snape\rquote s wand apprehensively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am about to attempt to break into your mind,\rdblquote  said Snape softly. \ldblquote We are going to see how well you resist. I have been told that you have already shown aptitude at resisting the Imperius Curse. \'85 You will find that similar powers are needed for this. \'85 Brace yourself, now. \'85 \i Legilimens\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape had struck before Harry was ready, before Harry had even begun to summon any force of resistance: the office swam in front of his eyes and vanished, image after image was racing through his mind like a flickering film so vivid it blinded him to his surroundings. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was five, watching Dudley riding a new red bicycle, and his heart was bursting with jealousy. \'85 He was nine, and Ripper the bulldog was chasing him up a tree and the Dursleys were laughing be\-low on the lawn. \'85 He was sitting under the Sorting Hat, and it was telling him he would do well in Slytherin. \'85 Hermione was lying in the hospital wing, her face covered with thick black hair. \'85 A hun\-dred dementors were closing in on him beside the dark lake. \'85 Cho Chang was drawing nearer to him under the mistletoe. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i No,\i0  said a voice in Harry\rquote s head, as the memory of Cho drew nearer, \i you\rquote re not watching that, you\rquote re not watching it, it\rquote s private\i0  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt a sharp pain in his knee. Snape\rquote s office had come back into view and he realized that he had fallen to the floor; one of his knees had collided painfully with the leg of Snape\rquote s desk. He looked up at Snape, who had lowered his wand and was rubbing his wrist. There was an angry weal there, like a scorch mark.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you mean to produce a Stinging Hex?\rdblquote  asked Snape coolly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly, getting up from the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought not,\rdblquote  said Snape contemptuously. \ldblquote You let me get in too far. You lost control.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you see everything I saw?\rdblquote  Harry asked, unsure whether he wanted to hear the answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Flashes of it,\rdblquote  said Snape, his lip curling. \ldblquote To whom did the dog belong?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Aunt Marge,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, hating Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, for a first attempt that was not as poor as it might have been,\rdblquote  said Snape, raising his wand once more. \ldblquote You managed to stop me eventually, though you wasted time and energy shouting. You must remain focused. Repel me with your brain and you will not need to resort to your wand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m trying,\rdblquote  said Harry angrily, \ldblquote but you\rquote re not telling me how!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Manners, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape dangerously. \ldblquote Now, I want you to close your eyes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry threw him a filthy look before doing as he was told. He did not like the idea of standing there with his eyes shut while Snape faced him, carrying a wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Clear your mind, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape\rquote s cold voice. \ldblquote Let go of all emotion. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry\rquote s anger at Snape continued to pound through his veins like venom. Let go of his anger? He could as easily detach his legs. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not doing it, Potter. \'85 You will need more discipline than this. \'85 Focus, now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tried to empty his mind, tried not to think, or remember, or feel. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s go again \'85 on the count of three \'85 one \emdash  two \emdash  three \emdash  \i Legilimens\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A great black dragon was rearing in front of him. \'85 His father and mother were waving at him out of an enchanted mirror. \'85 Cedric Diggory was lying on the ground with blank eyes staring at him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NOOOOOOO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was on his knees again, his face buried in his hands, his brain aching as though someone had been trying to pull it from his skull.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get up!\rdblquote  said Snape sharply. \ldblquote Get up! You are not trying, you are making no effort, you are allowing me access to memories you fear, handing me weapons!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stood up again, his heart thumping wildly as though he had really just seen Cedric dead in the graveyard. Snape looked paler than usual, and angrier, though not nearly as angry as Harry was.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  am \emdash  making \emdash  an \emdash  effort,\rdblquote  he said through clenched teeth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told you to empty yourself of emotion!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah? Well, I\rquote m finding that hard at the moment,\rdblquote  Harry snarled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then you will find yourself easy prey for the Dark Lord!\rdblquote  said Snape savagely. \ldblquote Fools who wear their hearts proudly on their sleeves, who cannot control their emotions, who wallow in sad memories and allow themselves to be provoked this easily \emdash  weak people, in other words \emdash  they stand no chance against his powers! He will penetrate your mind with absurd ease, Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am not weak,\rdblquote  said Harry in a low voice, fury now pumping through him so that he thought he might attack Snape in a moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then prove it! Master yourself!\rdblquote  spat Snape. \ldblquote Control your anger, discipline your mind! We shall try again! Get ready, now! \i Legilimens\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was watching Uncle Vernon hammering the letter box shut. \'85 A hundred dementors were drifting across the lake in the grounds to\-ward him. \'85 He was running along a windowless passage with Mr. Weasley. \'85 They were drawing nearer to the plain black door at the end of the corridor. \'85 Harry expected to go through it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but Mr. Weasley led him off to the left, down a flight of stone steps. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I KNOW! I KNOW!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was on all fours again on Snape\rquote s office floor, his scar was prickling unpleasantly, but the voice that had just issued from his mouth was triumphant. He pushed himself up again to find Snape staring at him, his wand raised. It looked as though, this time, Snape had lifted the spell before Harry had even tried to fight back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened then, Potter?\rdblquote  he asked, eyeing Harry intently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw \emdash  I remembered,\rdblquote  Harry panted. \ldblquote I\rquote ve just realized \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Realized what?\rdblquote  asked Snape sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer at once; he was still savoring the moment of blinding realization as he rubbed his forehead. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had been dreaming about a windowless corridor ending in a locked door for months, without once realizing that it was a real place. Now, seeing the memory again, he knew that all along he had been dreaming about the corridor down which he had run with Mr. Weasley on the twelfth of August as they hurried to the courtrooms in the Ministry. It was the corridor leading to the Department of Mys\-teries, and Mr. Weasley had been there the night that he had been at\-tacked by Voldemort\rquote s snake. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked up at Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s in the Department of Mysteries?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did you say?\rdblquote  Snape asked quietly and Harry saw, with deep satisfaction, that Snape was unnerved.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I said, what\rquote s in the Department of Mysteries, \i sir\i0 ?\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And why,\rdblquote  said Snape slowly, \ldblquote would you ask such a thing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because,\rdblquote  said Harry, watching Snape closely for a reaction, \ldblquote that corridor I\rquote ve just seen \emdash  I\rquote ve been dreaming about it for months \emdash  I\rquote ve just recognized it \emdash  it leads to the Department of Mysteries \'85 and I think Voldemort wants something from \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i I have told you not to say the Dark Lord\rquote s name\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They glared at each other. Harry\rquote s scar seared again, but he did not care. Snape looked agitated. When he spoke again he sounded as though he was trying to appear cool and unconcerned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are many things in the Department of Mysteries, Potter, few of which you would understand and none of which concern you, do I make myself plain?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  Harry said, still rubbing his prickling scar, which was be\-coming more painful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want you back here same time on Wednesday, and we will con\-tinue work then.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  said Harry. He was desperate to get out of Snape\rquote s office and find Ron and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are to rid your mind of all emotion every night before sleep \emdash  empty it, make it blank and calm, you understand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, who was barely listening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And be warned, Potter \'85 I shall know if you have not prac\-ticed \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  Harry mumbled. He picked up his schoolbag, swung it over his shoulder, and hurried toward the office door. As he opened it he glanced back at Snape, who had his back to Harry and was scoop\-ing his own thoughts out of the Pensieve with the tip of his wand and replacing them carefully inside his own head. Harry left without an\-other word, closing the door carefully behind him, his scar still throb\-bing painfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry found Ron and Hermione in the library, where they were working on Umbridge\rquote s most recent ream of homework. Other stu\-dents, nearly all of them fifth years, sat at lamp-lit tables nearby, noses close to books, quills scratching feverishly, while the sky outside the mullioned windows grew steadily blacker. The only other sound was the slight squeaking of one of Madam Pince\rquote s shoes as the librarian prowled the aisles menacingly, breathing down the necks of those touching her precious books.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt shivery; his scar was still aching, he felt almost feverish. When he sat down opposite Ron and Hermione he caught sight of\lang3081  \lang1033 himself in the window opposite. He was very white, and his scar seemed to be showing up more clearly than usual.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did it go?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered, and then, looking con\-cerned, \ldblquote Are you all right, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 fine \'85 I dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently, wincing as pain shot through his scar again. \ldblquote Listen \'85 I\rquote ve just realized some\-thing. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he told them what he had just seen and deduced.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \'85 so, are you saying \'85\rdblquote  whispered Ron, as Madam Pince swept past, squeaking slightly, \ldblquote that the weapon \emdash  the thing You-Know-Who\rquote s after \emdash  is in the Ministry of Magic?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In the Department of Mysteries, it\rquote s got to be,\rdblquote  Harry whispered. \ldblquote I saw that door when your dad took me down to the courtrooms for my hearing and it\rquote s definitely the same one he was guarding when the snake bit him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione let out a long, slow sigh. \ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  she breathed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course what?\rdblquote  said Ron rather impatiently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, think about it. \'85 Sturgis Podmore was trying to get through a door at the Ministry of Magic. \'85 It must have been that one, it\rquote s too much of a coincidence!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come Sturgis was trying to break in when he\rquote s on our side?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  Hermione admitted. \ldblquote That \i is\i0  a bit odd. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what\rquote s in the Department of Mysteries?\rdblquote  Harry asked Ron. \ldblquote Has your dad ever mentioned anything about it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know they call the people who work in there \lquote Unspeakables,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Ron, frowning. \ldblquote Because no one really seems to know what they do in there. \'85 Weird place to have a weapon \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not weird at all, it makes perfect sense,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote It will be something top secret that the Ministry has been developing, I ex\-pect. \'85 Harry, are you sure you\rquote re all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For Harry had just run both his hands hard over his forehead as though trying to iron it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 fine \'85\rdblquote  he said, lowering his hands, which were trem\-bling. \ldblquote I just feel a bit\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I don\rquote t like Occlumency much. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I expect anyone would feel shaky if they\rquote d had their mind attacked over and over again,\rdblquote  said Hermione sympathetically. \ldblquote Look, let\rquote s get back to the common room, we\rquote ll be a bit more comfortable there. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the common room was packed and full of shrieks of laughter and excitement; Fred and George were demonstrating their latest bit of joke shop merchandise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Headless Hats!\rdblquote  shouted George, as Fred waved a pointed hat dec\-orated with a fluffy pink feather at the watching students. \ldblquote Two Galleons each \emdash  watch Fred, now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred swept the hat onto his head, beaming. For a second he merely looked rather stupid, then both hat and head vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Several girls screamed, but everyone else was roaring with laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And off again!\rdblquote  shouted George, and Fred\rquote s hand groped for a mo\-ment in what seemed to be thin air over his shoulder; then his head reappeared as he swept the pink-feathered hat from it again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do those hats work, then?\rdblquote  said Hermione, distracted from her homework and watching Fred and George. \ldblquote I mean, obviously it\rquote s some kind of Invisibility Spell, but it\rquote s rather clever to have extended the field of invisibility beyond the boundaries of the charmed object. \'85 I\rquote d imagine the charm wouldn\rquote t have a very long life though. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer; he was still feeling ill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to have to do this tomorrow,\rdblquote  he muttered, pushing the books he had just taken out of his bag back inside it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, write it in your homework planner then!\rdblquote  said Hermione encouragingly. \ldblquote So you don\rquote t forget!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron exchanged looks as he reached into his bag, with\-drew the planner and opened it tentatively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Don\rquote t leave it till later, you big second-rater\i0 !\rdblquote  chided the book as Harry scribbled down Umbridge\rquote s homework. Hermione beamed at it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think I\rquote ll go to bed,\rdblquote  said Harry, stuffing the homework planner back into his bag and making a mental note to drop it in the fire the first opportunity he got.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He walked across the common room, dodging George, who tried to put a Headless Hat on him, and reached the peace and cool of the stone staircase to the boys\rquote  dormitories. He was feeling sick again, just as he had the night he had had the vision of the snake, but thought that if he could just lie down for a while he would be all right.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened the door of his dormitory and was one step inside it when he experienced pain so severe he thought that someone must have sliced into the top of his head. He did not know where he was, whether he was standing or lying down, he did not even know his own name. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Maniacal laughter was ringing in his ears. \'85 He was happier than he had been in a very long time. \'85 Jubilant, ecstatic, triumphant\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 A wonderful, wonderful thing had happened. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry? HARRY!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Someone had hit him around the face. The insane laughter was punctuated with a cry of pain. The happiness was draining out of him, but the laughter continued. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened his eyes and as he did so, he became aware that the wild laughter was coming out of his own mouth. The moment he realized this, it died away; Harry lay panting on the floor, staring up at the ceiling, the scar on his forehead throbbing horribly. Ron was bending over him, looking very worried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 dunno \'85\rdblquote  Harry gasped, sitting up again. \ldblquote He\rquote s really happy \'85 really happy \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You-Know-Who is?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Something good\rquote s happened,\rdblquote  mumbled Harry. He was shaking as badly as he had done after seeing the snake attack Mr. Weasley and felt very sick. \ldblquote Something he\rquote s been hoping for.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The words came, just as they had back in the Gryffindor changing room, as though a stranger was speaking them through Harry\rquote s mouth, yet he knew they were true. He took deep breaths, willing himself not to vomit all over Ron. He was very glad that Dean and Seamus were not here to watch this time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione told me to come and check on you,\rdblquote  said Ron in a low voice, helping Harry to his feet. \ldblquote She says your defenses will be low at the moment, after Snape\rquote s been fiddling around with your mind. \'85 Still, I suppose it\rquote ll help in the long run, won\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked doubtfully at Harry as he helped him toward bed. Harry nodded without any conviction and slumped back on his pillows, aching all over from having fallen to the floor so often that evening, his scar still prickling painfully. He could not help feeling that his first foray into Occlumency had weakened his mind\rquote s resistance rather than strengthening it, and he wondered, with a feeling of great trepi\-dation, what had happened to make Lord Voldemort the happiest he had been in fourteen years.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 25\par
\pard\qc The Beetle at Bay\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry\rquote s question was answered the very next morning. When Hermione\rquote s \i Daily Prophet\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 arrived she smoothed it out, gazed for a moment at the front page, and then gave a yelp that caused every\-one in the vicinity to stare at her.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For an answer she spread the newspaper on the table in front of them and pointed at ten black-and-white photographs that filled the whole of the front page, nine showing wizards\rquote  faces and the tenth, a witch\rquote s. Some of the people in the photographs were silently jeering; others were tapping their fingers on the frame of their pictures, look\-ing insolent. Each picture was captioned with a name and the crime for which the person had been sent to Azkaban.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Antonin Dolohov,\i0  read the legend beneath a wizard with a long, pale, twisted face who was sneering up at Harry, \i convicted of the bru\-tal murders of Gideon and Fabian Prewett.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Augustus Rookwood,\i0  said the caption beneath a pockmarked man with greasy hair who was leaning against the edge of his picture,\lang3081  \lang1033 looking bored, \i convicted of leaking Ministry of Magic Secrets to He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 But Harry\rquote s eyes were drawn to the picture of the witch. Her face had leapt out at him the moment he had seen the page. She had long, dark hair that looked unkempt and straggly in the picture, though he had seen it sleek, thick, and shining. She glared up at him through heavily lidded eyes, an arrogant, disdainful smile playing around her thin mouth. Like Sirius, she retained vestiges of great good looks, but something \emdash  perhaps Azkaban \emdash  had taken most of her beauty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Bellatrix Lestrange, convicted of the torture and permanent incapaci\-tation of Frank and Alice Longbottom.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Hermione nudged Harry and pointed at the headline over the pic\-tures, which Harry, concentrating on Bellatrix, had not yet read.\par
\par
\pard\qc MASS BREAKOUT FROM AZKABAN\lang3081\par
\lang1033 MINISTRY FEARS BLACK IS \ldblquote RALLYING POINT\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 FOR OLD DEATH EATERS\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
\ldblquote Black?\rdblquote  said Harry loudly. \ldblquote Not \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Shhh\i0 !\rdblquote  whispered Hermione desperately. \ldblquote Not so loud \emdash  just read it!\rdblquote\par
\par
The Ministry of Magic announced late last night that there has been a mass breakout from Azkaban.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Speaking to reporters in his private office, Cor\-nelius Fudge, Minister of Magic, confirmed that ten high-security prisoners escaped in the early hours of yesterday evening, and that he has already informed the Muggle Prime Minister of the dangerous nature of these individuals.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We find ourselves, most unfortunately, in the same position we were two and a half years ago when\lang3081  \lang1033 the murderer Sirius Black escaped,\rdblquote  said Fudge last night. \ldblquote Nor do we think the two breakouts are unre\-lated. An escape of this magnitude suggests outside help, and we must remember that Black, as the first person ever to break out of Azkaban, would be ideally placed to help others follow in his footsteps. We think it likely that these individuals, who include Black\rquote s cousin, Bellatrix Lestrange, have rallied around Black as their leader. We are, however, doing all we can to round up the criminals and beg the magical commu\-nity to remain alert and cautious. On no account should any of these individuals be approached.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote There you are, Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking awestruck. \ldblquote That\rquote s why he was happy last night. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe this,\rdblquote  snarled Harry, \ldblquote Fudge is blaming the break\-out on \i Sirius\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What other options does he have?\rdblquote  said Hermione bitterly. \ldblquote He can hardly say, \lquote Sorry everyone, Dumbledore warned me this might happen, the Azkaban guards have joined Lord Voldemort\rquote  \emdash  stop \i whimpering,\i0  Ron \emdash  \lquote and now Voldemort\rquote s worst supporters have bro\-ken out too.\rquote  I mean, he\rquote s spent a good six months telling everyone you and Dumbledore are liars, hasn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione ripped open the newspaper and began to read the report inside while Harry looked around the Great Hall. He could not un\-derstand why his fellow students were not looking scared or at least discussing the terrible piece of news on the front page, but very few of them took the newspaper every day like Hermione. There they all were, talking about homework and Quidditch and who knew what other rubbish, and outside these walls ten more Death Eaters had swollen Voldemort\rquote s ranks. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He glanced up at the staff table. It was a different story here:\lang3081  \lang1033 Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall were deep in conversation, both looking extremely grave. Professor Sprout had the \i Prophet \i0 propped against a bottle of ketchup and was reading the front page with such concentration that she was not noticing the gentle drip of egg yolk falling into her lap from her stationary spoon. Meanwhile, at the far end of the table, Professor Umbridge was tucking into a bowl of porridge. For once her pouchy toad\rquote s eyes were not sweeping the Great Hall looking for misbehaving students. She scowled as she gulped down her food and every now and then she shot a malevolent glance up the table to where Dumbledore and McGonagall were talk\-ing so intently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh my\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote  said Hermione wonderingly, still staring at the newspaper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What now?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly; he was feeling jumpy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s \'85 \i horrible,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Hermione, looking shaken. She folded back page ten of the newspaper and handed it back to Harry and Ron.\par
\par
\pard\qc TRAGIC DEMISE OF\par
MINISTRY OF MAGIC WORKER\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 St. Mungo\rquote s Hospital promised a full inquiry last night after Ministry of Magic worker Broderick Bode, 49, was discovered dead in his bed, strangled by a potted-plant. Healers called to the scene were unable to revive Mr. Bode, who had been injured in a workplace accident some weeks prior to his death.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Healer Miriam Strout, who was in charge of Mr. Bode\rquote s ward at the time of the incident, has been sus\-pended on full pay and was unavailable for comment yesterday, but a spokeswizard for the hospital said in a statement, \ldblquote St. Mungo\rquote s deeply regrets the death of Mr. Bode, whose health was improving steadily prior to this tragic accident.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We have strict guidelines on the decorations per\-mitted on our wards but it appears that Healer Strout, busy over the Christmas period, overlooked the dangers of the plant on Mr. Bode\rquote s bedside table. As his speech and mobility improved, Healer Strout en\-couraged Mr. Bode to look after the plant himself, unaware that it was not an innocent Flitterbloom, but a cutting of Devil\rquote s Snare, which, when touched by the convalescent Mr. Bode, throttled him instantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote St. Mungo\rquote s is as yet unable to account for the presence of the plant on the ward and asks any witch or wizard with information to come forward.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Bode \'85\rdblquote  said Ron. \i\ldblquote Bode.\i0  It rings a bell. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We saw him,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote In St. Mungo\rquote s, remember? He was in the bed opposite Lockhart\rquote s, just lying there, staring at the ceiling. And we saw the Devil\rquote s Snare arrive. She \emdash  the Healer \emdash  said it was a Christmas present. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked back at the story. A feeling of horror was rising like bile in his throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come we didn\rquote t recognize Devil\rquote s Snare \'85 ? We\rquote ve seen it before \'85 we could\rquote ve stopped this from happening \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who expects Devil\rquote s Snare to turn up in a hospital disguised as a potted plant?\rdblquote  said Ron sharply. \ldblquote It\rquote s not our fault, whoever sent it to the bloke is to blame! They must be a real prat, why didn\rquote t they check what they were buying?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh come on, Ron!\rdblquote  said Hermione shakily, \ldblquote I don\rquote t think anyone could put Devil\rquote s Snare in a pot and not realize it tries to kill whoever touches it? This \emdash  this was murder. \'85 A clever murder, as well. \'85 If the plant was sent anonymously, how\rquote s anyone ever going to find out who did it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was not thinking about Devil\rquote s Snare. He was remembering\lang3081  \lang1033 taking the lift down to the ninth level of the Ministry on the day of his hearing, and the sallow-faced man who had got in on the Atrium level.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I met Bode,\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote I saw him at the Ministry with your dad \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s mouth fell open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve heard Dad talk about him at home! He was an Unspeak\-able \emdash  he worked in the Department of Mysteries!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They looked at one another for a moment, then Hermione pulled the newspaper back toward her, closed it, glared for a moment at the pictures of the ten escaped Death Eaters on the front, then leapt to her feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are you going?\rdblquote  said Ron, startled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To send a letter,\rdblquote  said Hermione, swinging her bag onto her shoulder. \ldblquote It\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well, I don\rquote t know whether \'85 but it\rquote s worth trying \'85 and I\rquote m the only one who can \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \i hate\i0  it when she does that,\rdblquote  grumbled Ron as he and Harry got up from the table and made their own, slower way out of the Great Hall. \ldblquote Would it kill her to tell us what she\rquote s up to for once? It\rquote d take her about ten more seconds \emdash  hey, Hagrid!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid was standing beside the doors into the entrance hall, wait\-ing for a crowd of Ravenclaws to pass. He was still as heavily bruised as he had been on the day he had come back from his mission to the giants and there was a new cut right across the bridge of his nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All righ\rquote , you two?\rdblquote  he said, trying to muster a smile but managing only a kind of pained grimace.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you okay, Hagrid?\rdblquote  asked Harry, following him as he lum\-bered after the Ravenclaws.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine, fine,\rdblquote  said Hagrid with a feeble assumption of airiness; he waved a hand and narrowly missed concussing a frightened-looking Professor Vector, who was passing. \ldblquote Jus\rquote  busy, yeh know, usual stuff\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 lessons ter prepare \emdash  couple o\rquote  salamanders got scale rot \emdash  an\rquote  I\rquote m on probation,\rdblquote  he mumbled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You\rquote re on probation\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Ron very loudly, so that many students passing looked around curiously. \ldblquote Sorry \emdash  I mean \emdash  you\rquote re on pro\-bation?\rdblquote  he whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote  \rquote S\rquote no more\rquote n I expected, ter tell yeh the truth. Yeh migh\rquote  not\rquote ve picked up on it, bu\rquote  that inspection didn\rquote  go too well, yeh know \'85 anyway,\rdblquote  he sighed deeply. \ldblquote Bes\rquote  go an rub a bit more chili powder on them salamanders or their tails\rquote ll be hangin\rquote  off\lang3081  \rquote\lang1033 em next. See yeh, Harry \'85 Ron \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He trudged away, out the front doors and down the stone steps into the damp grounds. Harry watched him go, wondering how much more bad news he could stand.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 The fact that Hagrid was now on probation became common knowl\-edge within the school over the next few days, but to Harry\rquote s indigna\-tion, hardly anybody appeared to be upset about it; indeed, some people, Draco Malfoy prominent among them, seemed positively gleeful. As for the freakish death of an obscure Department of Mys\-teries employee in St. Mungo\rquote s, Harry, Ron, and Hermione seemed to be the only people who knew or cared. There was only one topic of conversation in the corridors now: the ten escaped Death Eaters, whose story had finally filtered through the school from those few people who read the newspapers. Rumors were flying that some of the convicts had been spotted in Hogsmeade, that they were supposed to be hiding out in the Shrieking Shack and that they were going to break into Hogwarts, just as Sirius Black had done.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Those who came from Wizarding families had grown up hearing the names of these Death Eaters spoken with almost as much fear as Voldemort\rquote s; the crimes they had committed during the days of Voldemort\rquote s reign of terror were legendary. There were relatives of\lang3081  \lang1033 their victims among the Hogwarts students, who now found them\-selves the unwilling objects of a gruesome sort of reflected fame as they walked the corridors: Susan Bones, who had an uncle, aunt, and cousins who had all died at the hands of one of the ten, said miserably during Herbology that she now had a good idea what it felt like to be Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And I don\rquote t know how you stand it, it\rquote s horrible,\rdblquote  she said bluntly, dumping far too much dragon manure on her tray of Screechsnap seedlings, causing them to wriggle and squeak in discomfort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was true that Harry was the subject of much renewed muttering and pointing in the corridors these days, yet he thought he detected a slight difference in the tone of the whisperers\rquote  voices. They sounded curious rather than hostile now, and once or twice he was sure he over\-heard snatches of conversation that suggested that the speakers were not satisfied with the \i Prophet\rquote s\i0  version of how and why ten Death Eaters had managed to break out of Azkaban fortress. In their confu\-sion and fear, these doubters now seemed to be turning to the only other explanation available to them, the one that Harry and Dumble\-dore had been expounding since the previous year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was not only the students\rquote  mood that had changed. It was now quite common to come across two or three teachers conversing in low, urgent whispers in the corridors, breaking off their conversations the moment they saw students approaching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They obviously can\rquote t talk freely in the staffroom anymore,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a low voice, as she, Harry, and Ron passed Professors McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout huddled together outside the Charms classroom one day. \ldblquote Not with Umbridge there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Reckon they know anything new?\rdblquote  said Ron, gazing back over his shoulder at the three teachers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If they do, we\rquote re not going to hear about it, are we?\rdblquote  said Harry an\-grily. \ldblquote Not after Decree \'85 What number are we on now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For new signs had appeared on the house notice boards the morn\-ing after news of the Azkaban breakout:\par
\par
\pard\qc\emdash   \fs20 BY ORDER OF \fs24  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 THE\lang3081  HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 Teachers are hereby banned from giving students any infor\-mation that is not strictly related to the subjects they are paid to teach.\lang3081\par
\pard\qc\lang1033\i The above is in accordance with\par
Educational Decree Number Twenty-six.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0 Signed:\par
Dolores Jane Umbridge\par
\fs20 HIGH INQUISITOR\lang3081\par
\fs24\par
\lang1033 This latest decree had been the subject of a great number of jokes among the students. Lee Jordan had pointed out to Umbridge that by the terms of the new rule she was not allowed to tell Fred and George off for playing Exploding Snap in the back of the class.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Exploding Snap\rquote s got nothing to do with Defense Against the Dark Arts, Professor! That\rquote s not information relating to your subject!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Harry next saw Lee, the back of his hand was bleeding rather badly. Harry recommended essence of murtlap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had thought that the breakout from Azkaban might have humbled Umbridge a little, that she might have been abashed at the catastrophe that had occurred right under her beloved Fudge\rquote s nose. It seemed, however, to have only intensified her furious desire to bring every aspect of life at Hogwarts under her personal control. She\lang3081  \lang1033 seemed determined at the very least to achieve a sacking before long, and the only question was whether it would be Professor Trelawney or Hagrid who went first.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Every single Divination and Care of Magical Creatures lesson was now conducted in the presence of Umbridge and her clipboard. She lurked by the fire in the heavily perfumed tower room, interrupting Professor Trelawney\rquote s increasingly hysterical talks with difficult ques\-tions about Ornithomancy and Heptomology, insisting that she pre\-dict students\rquote  answers before they gave them and demanding that she demonstrate her skill at the crystal ball, the tea leaves, and the rune stones in turn. Harry thought that Professor Trelawney might soon crack under the strain; several times he passed her in the corridors (in itself a very unusual occurrence as she generally remained in her tower room), muttering wildly to herself, wringing her hands, and shooting terrified glances over her shoulder, all the time giving off a powerful smell of cooking sherry. If he had not been so worried about Hagrid, he would have felt sorry for her \emdash  but if one of them was to be ousted out of a job, there could be only one choice for Harry as to who should remain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Unfortunately, Harry could not see that Hagrid was putting up a better show than Trelawney. Though he seemed to be following Her\-mione\rquote s advice and had shown them nothing more frightening than a crup, a creature indistinguishable from a Jack Russell terrier except for its forked tail, since before Christmas, he also seemed to have lost his nerve. He was oddly distracted and jumpy in lessons, losing the thread of what he was saying while talking to the class, answering questions wrongly and glancing anxiously at Umbridge all the time. He was also more distant with Harry, Ron, and Hermione than he had ever been before, expressly forbidding them to visit him after dark.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If she catches yeh, it\rquote ll be all of our necks on the line,\rdblquote  he told them flatly, and with no desire to do anything that jeopardized his job further, they abstained from walking down to his hut in the evenings.\lang3081  \lang1033 It seemed to Harry that Umbridge was steadily depriving him of everything that made his life at Hogwarts worth living: visits to Ha\-grid\rquote s house, letters from Sirius, his Firebolt, and Quidditch. He took his revenge the only way he had: redoubling his efforts for the D.A.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was pleased to see that all of them, even Zacharias Smith, had been spurred to work harder than ever by the news that ten more Death Eaters were now on the loose, but in nobody was this improve\-ment more pronounced than in Neville. The news of his parents\rquote  at\-tacker\rquote s escape had wrought a strange and even slightly alarming change in him. He had not once mentioned his meeting with Harry, Ron, and Hermione on the closed ward in St. Mungo\rquote s, and taking their lead from him, they had kept quiet about it too. Nor had he said anything on the subject of Bellatrix and her fellow torturers\rquote  escape; in fact, he barely spoke during D.A. meetings anymore, but worked re\-lentlessly on every new jinx and countercurse Harry taught them, his plump face screwed up in concentration, apparently indifferent to in\-juries or accidents, working harder than anyone else in the room. He was improving so fast it was quite unnerving and when Harry taught them the Shield Charm, a means of deflecting minor jinxes so that they rebounded upon the attacker, only Hermione mastered the charm faster than Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In fact Harry would have given a great deal to be making as much progress at Occlumency as Neville was making during D.A. meetings. Harry\rquote s sessions with Snape, which had started badly enough, were not improving; on the contrary, Harry felt he was getting worse with every lesson.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before he had started studying Occlumency, his scar had prickled occasionally, usually during the night, or else following one of those strange flashes of Voldemort\rquote s thoughts or moods that he experienced every now and then. Nowadays, however, his scar hardly ever stopped prickling, and he often felt lurches of annoyance or cheerfulness that were unrelated to what was happening to him at the time, which were\lang3081  \lang1033 always accompanied by a particularly painful twinge from his scar. He had the horrible impression that he was slowly turning into a kind of aerial that was tuned in to tiny fluctuations in Voldemort\rquote s mood, and he was sure he could date this increased sensitivity firmly from his first Occlumency lesson with Snape. What was more, he was now dream\-ing about walking down the corridor toward the entrance to the Department of Mysteries almost every night, dreams that always cul\-minated in him standing longingly in front of the plain black door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe it\rquote s a bit like an illness,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking concerned when Harry confided in her and Ron. \ldblquote A fever or something. It has to get worse before it gets better.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s lessons with Snape that are making it worse,\rdblquote  said Harry flatly. \ldblquote I\rquote m getting sick of my scar hurting, and I\rquote m getting bored walking down that corridor every night.\rdblquote  He rubbed his forehead angrily. \ldblquote I just wish the door would open, I\rquote m sick of standing staring at it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s not funny,\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply. \ldblquote Dumbledore doesn\rquote t want you to have dreams about that corridor at all, or he wouldn\rquote t have asked Snape to teach you Occlumency. You\rquote re just going to have to work a bit harder in your lessons.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am working!\rdblquote  said Harry, nettled. \ldblquote You try it sometime, Snape trying to get inside your head, it\rquote s not a bundle of laughs, you know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe \'85\rdblquote  said Ron slowly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe what?\rdblquote  said Hermione rather snappishly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe it\rquote s not Harry\rquote s fault he can\rquote t close his mind,\rdblquote  said Ron darkly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, maybe Snape isn\rquote t really trying to help Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione stared at him. Ron looked darkly and mean\-ingfully from one to the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe,\rdblquote  he said again in a lower voice, \ldblquote he\rquote s actually trying to open Harry\rquote s mind a bit wider \'85 make it easier for You-Know \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut up, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione angrily. \ldblquote How many times have\lang3081  \lang1033 you suspected Snape, and when have you \i ever\i0  been right? Dumble\-dore trusts him, he works for the Order, that ought to be enough.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He used to be a Death Eater,\rdblquote  said Ron stubbornly. \ldblquote And we\rquote ve never seen proof that he \i really\i0  swapped sides. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore trusts him,\rdblquote  Hermione repeated. \ldblquote And if we can\rquote t trust Dumbledore, we can\rquote t trust anyone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 With so much to worry about and so much to do \emdash  startling amounts of homework that frequently kept the fifth years working until past midnight, secret D.A. meetings, and regular classes with Snape \emdash  January seemed to be passing alarmingly fast. Before Harry knew it, February had arrived, bringing with it wetter and warmer weather and the prospect of the second Hogsmeade visit of the year. Harry had had very little time to spare on conversations with Cho since they had agreed to visit the village together, but suddenly found himself facing a Valentine\rquote s Day spent entirely in her company.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On the morning of the fourteenth he dressed particularly carefully. He and Ron arrived at breakfast just in time for the arrival of the post owls. Hedwig was not there \emdash  not that he had expected her \emdash  but Hermione was tugging a letter from the beak of an unfamiliar brown owl as they sat down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And about time! If it hadn\rquote t come today \'85\rdblquote  she said eagerly, tear\-ing open the envelope and pulling out a small piece of parchment. Her eyes sped from left to right as she read through the message and a grimly pleased expression spread across her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen, Harry,\rdblquote  she said, looking up at him. \ldblquote This is really impor\-tant. \'85 Do you think you could meet me in the Three Broomsticks around midday?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry dubiously. \ldblquote Cho might be expect\-ing me to spend the whole day with her. We never said what we were going to do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, bring her along if you must,\rdblquote  said Hermione urgently. \ldblquote But will you come?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 all right, but why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t got time to tell you now, I\rquote ve got to answer this quickly \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she hurried out of the Great Hall, the letter clutched in one hand and a piece of uneaten toast in the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you coming?\rdblquote  Harry asked Ron, but he shook his head, look\-ing glum.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t come into Hogsmeade at all, Angelina wants a full day\rquote s training. Like it\rquote s going to help \emdash  we\rquote re the worst team I\rquote ve ever seen. You should see Sloper and Kirke, they\rquote re pathetic, even worse than I am.\rdblquote  He heaved a great sigh. \ldblquote I dunno why Angelina won\rquote t just let me resign. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s because you\rquote re good when you\rquote re on form, that\rquote s why,\rdblquote  said Harry irritably.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He found it very hard to be sympathetic to Ron\rquote s plight when he himself would have given almost anything to be playing in the forth\-coming match against Hufflepuff. Ron seemed to notice Harry\rquote s tone, because he did not mention Quidditch again during breakfast, and there was a slight frostiness in the way they said good-bye to each other shortly afterward. Ron departed for the Quidditch pitch and Harry, after attempting to flatten his hair while staring at his reflection in the back of a teaspoon, proceeded alone to the entrance hall to meet Cho, feeling very apprehensive and wondering what on earth they were going to talk about.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was waiting for him a little to the side of the oak front doors, looking very pretty with her hair tied back in a long ponytail. Harry\rquote s feet seemed to be too big for his body as he walked toward her, and he was suddenly horribly aware of his arms and how stupid they looked swinging at his sides.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Cho slightly breathlessly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They stared at each other for a moment, then Harry said, \ldblquote Well \emdash  er \emdash  shall we go, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  yes \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They joined the queue of people being signed out by Filch, occa\-sionally catching each other\rquote s eye and grinning shiftily, but not talking to each other. Harry was relieved when they reached the fresh air, find\-ing it easier to walk along in silence than just stand there looking awk\-ward. It was a fresh, breezy sort of day and as they passed the Quidditch stadium, Harry glimpsed Ron and Ginny skimming over the stands and felt a horrible pang that he was not up there with them. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You really miss it, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Cho.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around and saw her watching him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  sighed Harry. \ldblquote I do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remember the first time we played against each other, in the third year?\rdblquote  she asked him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning. \ldblquote You kept blocking me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Wood told you not to be a gentleman and knock me off my broom if you had to,\rdblquote  said Cho, smiling reminiscently. \ldblquote I heard he got taken on by Pride of Portree, is that right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nah, it was Puddlemere United, I saw him at the World Cup last year.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I saw you there too, remember? We were on the same camp\-site. It was really good, wasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The subject of the Quidditch World Cup carried them all the way down the drive and out through the gates. Harry could hardly believe how easy it was to talk to her, no more difficult, in fact, than talking to Ron and Hermione, and he was just starting to feel confident and cheerful when a large gang of Slytherin girls passed them, including Pansy Parkinson.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter and Chang!\rdblquote  screeched Pansy to a chorus of snide giggles. \ldblquote Urgh, Chang, I don\rquote t think much of your taste. \'85 At least Diggory was good-looking!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They sped up, talking and shrieking in a pointed fashion with many exaggerated glances back at Harry and Cho, leaving an embar\-rassed silence in their wake. Harry could think of nothing else to say about Quidditch, and Cho, slightly flushed, was watching her feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \'85 where d\rquote you want to go?\rdblquote  Harry asked as they entered Hogsmeade. The High Street was full of students ambling up and down, peering into the shop windows and messing about together on the pavements.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 I don\rquote t mind,\rdblquote  said Cho, shrugging. \ldblquote Um \'85 shall we just have a look in the shops or something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They wandered toward Dervish and Banges. A large poster had been stuck up in the window and a few Hogsmeaders were looking at it. They moved aside when Harry and Cho approached and Harry found himself staring once more at the ten pictures of the escaped Death Eaters. The poster (\ldblquote By Order of the Ministry of Magic\rdblquote ) of\-fered a thousand-Galleon reward to any witch or wizard with infor\-mation relating to the recapture of any of the convicts pictured.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s funny, isn\rquote t it,\rdblquote  said Cho in a low voice, also gazing up at the pictures of the Death Eaters. \ldblquote Remember when that Sirius Black es\-caped, and there were dementors all over Hogsmeade looking for him? And now ten Death Eaters are on the loose and there aren\rquote t de-mentors anywhere. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, tearing his eyes away from Bellatrix Lestrange\rquote s face to glance up and down the High Street. \ldblquote Yeah, it is weird. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was not sorry that there were no dementors nearby, but now he came to think of it, their absence was highly significant. They had not only let the Death Eaters escape, they were not bothering to look for them. \'85 It looked as though they really were outside Ministry con\-trol now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The ten escaped Death Eaters were staring out of every shop window he and Cho passed. It started to rain as they passed Scrivenshaft\rquote s; cold, heavy drops of water kept hitting Harry\rquote s face and the back of his neck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Um \'85 d\rquote you want to get a coffee?\rdblquote  said Cho tentatively, as the rain began to fall more heavily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, all right,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking around. \ldblquote Where \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, there\rquote s a really nice place just up here, haven\rquote t you ever been to Madam Puddifoot\rquote s?\rdblquote  she said brightly, and she led him up a side road and into a small tea shop that Harry had never noticed before. It was a cramped, steamy little place where everything seemed to have been decorated with frills or bows. Harry was reminded unpleasantly of Umbridge\rquote s office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cute, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Cho happily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85 yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry untruthfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look, she\rquote s decorated it for Valentine\rquote s Day!\rdblquote  said Cho, indicating a number of golden cherubs that were hovering over each of the small, circular tables, occasionally throwing pink confetti over the occupants.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aaah \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They sat down at the last remaining table, which was situated in the steamy window. Roger Davies, the Ravenclaw Quidditch Captain, was sitting about a foot and a half away with a pretty blonde girl. They were holding hands. The sight made Harry feel uncomfortable, par\-ticularly when, looking around the tea shop, he saw that it was full of nothing but couples, all of them holding hands. Perhaps Cho would expect him to hold \i her\i0  hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What can I get you, m\rquote dears?\rdblquote  said Madam Puddifoot, a very stout woman with a shiny black bun, squeezing between their table and Roger Davies\rquote s with great difficulty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Two coffees, please,\rdblquote  said Cho.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In the time it took for their coffees to arrive, Roger Davies and his girlfriend started kissing over their sugar bowl. Harry wished they wouldn\rquote t; he felt that Davies was setting a standard with which Cho\lang3081  \lang1033 would soon expect him to compete. He felt his face growing hot and tried staring out of the window, but it was so steamed up he could not see the street outside. To postpone the moment when he had to look at Cho he stared up at the ceiling as though examining the paintwork and received a handful of confetti in the face from their hovering cherub.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After a few more painful minutes Cho mentioned Umbridge; Harry seized on the subject with relief and they passed a few happy moments abusing her, but the subject had already been so thoroughly canvassed during D.A. meetings it did not last very long. Silence fell again. Harry was very conscious of the slurping noises coming from the table next door and cast wildly around for something else to say.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85 listen, d\rquote you want to come with me to the Three Broom\-sticks at lunchtime? I\rquote m meeting Hermione Granger there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cho raised her eyebrows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re meeting Hermione Granger? Today?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah. Well, she asked me to, so I thought I would. D\rquote you want to come with me? She said it wouldn\rquote t matter if you did.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 that was nice of her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Cho did not sound as though she thought it was nice at all; on the contrary, her tone was cold and all of a sudden she looked rather forbidding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few more minutes passed in total silence, Harry drinking his cof\-fee so fast that he would soon need a fresh cup. Next door, Roger Davies and his girlfriend seemed glued together by the lips.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cho\rquote s hand was lying on the table beside her coffee, and Harry was feeling a mounting pressure to take hold of it. \i Just do it,\i0  he told him\-self, as a fount of mingled panic and excitement surged up inside his chest. \i Just reach out and grab it. \'85\i0  Amazing how much more difficult it was to extend his arm twelve inches and touch her hand than to snatch a speeding Snitch from midair \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But just as he moved his hand forward, Cho took hers off the table.\lang3081  \lang1033 She was now watching Roger Davies kissing his girlfriend with a mildly interested expression.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He asked me out, you know,\rdblquote  she said in a quiet voice. \ldblquote A couple of weeks ago. Roger. I turned him down, though.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who had grabbed the sugar bowl to excuse his sudden lung\-ing movement across the table, could not think why she was telling him this. If she wished she were sitting at the table next door being heartily kissed by Roger Davies, why had she agreed to come out with him?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He said nothing. Their cherub threw another handful of confetti over them; some of it landed in the last cold dregs of coffee Harry had been about to drink.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I came in here with Cedric last year,\rdblquote  said Cho.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In the second or so it took for him to take in what she had said, Harry\rquote s insides had become glacial. He could not believe she wanted to talk about Cedric now, while kissing couples surrounded them and a cherub floated over their heads.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cho\rquote s voice was rather higher when she spoke again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been meaning to ask you for ages. \'85 Did Cedric \emdash  did he m-m-mention me at all before he died?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This was the very last subject on earth Harry wanted to discuss, and least of all with Cho.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  no \emdash\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote There \emdash  there wasn\rquote t time for him to say anything. Erm \'85 so \'85 d\rquote you \'85 d\rquote you get to see a lot of Quidditch in the holidays? You support the Tornados, right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice sounded falsely bright and cheery. To his horror, he saw that her eyes were swimming with tears again, just as they had been af\-ter the last D.A. meeting before Christmas.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  he said desperately, leaning in so that nobody else could overhear, \ldblquote let\rquote s not talk about Cedric right now. \'85 Let\rquote s talk about something else. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But this, apparently, was quite the wrong thing to say.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought,\rdblquote  she said, tears spattering down onto the table. \ldblquote I thought \i you\rquote d\i0  u-u-understand! I \i need\i0  to talk about it! Surely you n-need to talk about it t-too! I mean, you saw it happen, d-didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everything was going nightmarishly wrong; Roger Davies\rquote  girl\-friend had even unglued herself to look around at Cho crying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  I have talked about it,\rdblquote  Harry said in a whisper, \ldblquote to Ron and Hermione, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, you\rquote ll talk to Hermione Granger!\rdblquote  she said shrilly, her face now shining with tears, and several more kissing couples broke apart to stare. \ldblquote But you won\rquote t talk to me! P-perhaps it would be best if we just\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 just p-paid and you went and met up with Hermione G-Granger, like you obviously want to!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at her, utterly bewildered, as she seized a frilly napkin and dabbed at her shining face with it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cho?\rdblquote  he said weakly, wishing Roger would seize his girlfriend and start kissing her again to stop her goggling at him and Cho.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go on, leave!\rdblquote  she said, now crying into the napkin. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know why you asked me out in the first place if you\rquote re going to make arrangements to meet other girls right after me. \'85 How many are you meeting after Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not like that!\rdblquote  said Harry, and he was so relieved at finally un\-derstanding what she was annoyed about that he laughed, which he realized a split second too late was a mistake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cho sprang to her feet. The whole tearoom was quiet, and every\-body was watching them now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll see you around, Harry,\rdblquote  she said dramatically, and hiccuping slightly she dashed to the door, wrenched it open, and hurried off into the pouring rain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cho!\rdblquote  Harry called after her, but the door had already swung shut behind her with a tuneful tinkle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was total silence within the tea shop. Every eye was upon\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry. He threw a Galleon down onto the table, shook pink confetti out of his eyes, and followed Cho out of the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was raining hard now, and she was nowhere to be seen. He sim\-ply did not understand what had happened; half an hour ago they had been getting along fine.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Women!\rdblquote  he muttered angrily, sloshing down the rain-washed street with his hands in his pockets. \ldblquote What did she want to talk about Cedric for anyway? Why does she always want to drag up a subject that makes her act like a human hosepipe?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned right and broke into a splashy run, and within minutes he was turning into the doorway of the Three Broomsticks. He knew he was too early to meet Hermione, but he thought it likely there would be someone in here with whom he could spend the intervening time. He shook his wet hair out of his eyes and looked around. Hagrid was sitting alone in a corner, looking morose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Hagrid!\rdblquote  he said, when he had squeezed through the crammed tables and pulled up a chair beside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid jumped and looked down at Harry as though he barely rec\-ognized him. Harry saw that he had two fresh cuts on his face and sev\-eral new bruises.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s you, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote You all righ\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I\rquote m fine,\rdblquote  lied Harry; in fact, next to this battered and mournful-looking Hagrid, he felt he did not have much to complain about. \ldblquote Er \emdash  are you okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Me?\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Oh yeah, I\rquote m grand, Harry, grand. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gazed into the depths of his pewter tankard, which was the size of a large bucket, and sighed. Harry did not know what to say to him. They sat side by side in silence for a moment. Then Hagrid said abruptly, \ldblquote In the same boat, you an\rquote  me, aren\rquote  we, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 I\rquote ve said it before. \'85 Both outsiders, like,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, nodding wisely. \ldblquote An\rquote  both orphans. Yeah \'85 both orphans.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He took a great swig from his tankard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Makes a diff\rquote rence, havin\rquote  a decent family,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Me dad was decent. An\rquote  your mum an\rquote  dad were decent. If they\rquote d lived, life woulda bin diff\rquote rent, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 I s\rquote pose,\rdblquote  said Harry cautiously. Hagrid seemed to be in a very strange mood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Family,\rdblquote  said Hagrid gloomily. \ldblquote Whatever yeh say, blood\rquote s im\-portant. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he wiped a trickle of it out of his eye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Harry, unable to stop himself, \ldblquote where are you get\-ting all these injuries?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Eh?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking startled. \ldblquote Wha\rquote  injuries?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All those!\rdblquote  said Harry, pointing at Hagrid\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 tha\rquote s jus\rquote  normal bumps an\rquote  bruises, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hagrid dismissively. \ldblquote I got a rough job.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He drained his tankard, set it back upon the table, and got to his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll be seein\rquote  yeh, Harry. \'85 Take care now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he lumbered out of the pub looking wretched and then disap\-peared into the torrential rain. Harry watched him go, feeling miser\-able. Hagrid was unhappy and he was hiding something, but he seemed determined not to accept help. What was going on? But be\-fore Harry could think about the matter any further, he heard a voice calling his name.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! Harry, over here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was waving at him from the other side of the room. He got up and made his way toward her through the crowded pub. He was still a few tables away when he realized that Hermione was not alone; she was sitting at a table with the unlikeliest pair of drinking mates he could ever have imagined: Luna Lovegood and none other than Rita Skeeter, ex-journalist on the \i Daily Prophet\i0  and one of Hermione\rquote s least favorite people in the world.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re early!\rdblquote  said Hermione, moving along to give him room to sit down. \ldblquote I thought you were with Cho, I wasn\rquote t expecting you for another hour at least!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cho?\rdblquote  said Rita at once, twisting around in her seat to stare avidly at Harry. \ldblquote A\i  girl\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She snatched up her crocodile-skin handbag and groped within it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s none of \i your\i0  business if Harry\rquote s been with a hundred girls,\rdblquote  Hermione told Rita coolly. \ldblquote So you can put that away right now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rita had been on the point of withdrawing an acid-green quill from her bag. Looking as though she had been forced to swallow Stinksap, she snapped her bag shut again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you up to?\rdblquote  Harry asked, sitting down and staring from Rita to Luna to Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Little Miss Perfect was just about to tell me when you arrived,\rdblquote  said Rita, taking a large slurp of her drink. \ldblquote I suppose I\rquote m allowed to \i talk\i0  to him, am I?\rdblquote  she shot at Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I suppose you are,\rdblquote  said Hermione coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Unemployment did not suit Rita. The hair that had once been set in elaborate curls now hung lank and unkempt around her face. The scarlet paint on her two-inch talons was chipped and there were a cou\-ple of false jewels missing from her winged glasses. She took another great gulp of her drink and said out of the corner of her mouth, \ldblquote Pretty girl, is she, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One more word about Harry\rquote s love life and the deal\rquote s off and that\rquote s a promise,\rdblquote  said Hermione irritably.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What deal?\rdblquote  said Rita, wiping her mouth on the back of her hand. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t mentioned a deal yet, Miss Prissy, you just told me to turn up. Oh, one of these days \'85\rdblquote  She took a deep shuddering breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, yes, one of these days you\rquote ll write more horrible stories about Harry and me,\rdblquote  said Hermione indifferently. \ldblquote Find someone who cares, why don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote ve run plenty of horrible stories about Harry this year\lang3081  \lang1033 without my help,\rdblquote  said Rita, shooting a sideways look at him over the top of her glass and adding in a rough whisper, \ldblquote How has that made you feel, Harry? Betrayed? Distraught? Misunderstood?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He feels angry, of course,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a hard, clear voice. \ldblquote Because he\rquote s told the Minister of Magic the truth and the Minister\rquote s too much of an idiot to believe him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you actually stick to it, do you, that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is back?\rdblquote  said Rita, lowering her glass and subjecting Harry to a piercing stare while her finger strayed longingly to the clasp of the crocodile bag. \ldblquote You stand by all this garbage Dumbledore\rquote s been telling everybody about You-Know-Who returning and you being the sole witness \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wasn\rquote t the sole witness,\rdblquote  snarled Harry. \ldblquote There were a dozen-odd Death Eaters there as well. Want their names?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d love them,\rdblquote  breathed Rita, now fumbling in her bag once more and gazing at him as though he was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. \ldblquote A great bold headline: \lquote\i Potter Accuses\i0  \'85\rquote  A subheading: \lquote\i Harry Potter Names Death Eaters Still Among Us.\i0\rquote\lang3081  \lang1033 And then, beneath a nice big photograph of you: \lquote\i Disturbed teenage survivor of\lang3081  \lang1033 You-Know-Who\rquote s attack, Harry Potter, 15, caused outrage yesterday by accusing re\-spectable and prominent members of the Wizarding community of being Death Eaters. \'85\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Quick-Quotes Quill was actually in her hand and halfway to her mouth when the rapturous expression died out of her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But of course,\rdblquote  she said, lowering the quill and looking daggers at Hermione, \ldblquote Little Miss Perfect wouldn\rquote t want that story out there, would she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As a matter of fact,\rdblquote  said Hermione sweetly, \ldblquote that\rquote s exactly what Little Miss Perfect \i does\i0  want.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rita stared at her. So did Harry. Luna, on the other hand, sang, \ldblquote Weasley Is Our King\rdblquote  dreamily under her breath and stirred her drink with a cocktail onion on a stick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \i want\i0  me to report what he says about He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?\rdblquote  Rita asked Hermione in a hushed voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I do,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote The true story. All the facts. Exactly as Harry reports them. He\rquote ll give you all the details, he\rquote ll tell you the names of the undiscovered Death Eaters he saw there, he\rquote ll tell you what Voldemort looks like now \emdash  oh, get a grip on yourself,\rdblquote  she added contemptuously, throwing a napkin across the table, for at the sound of Voldemort\rquote s name, Rita had jumped so badly that she had slopped half her glass of firewhisky down herself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rita blotted the front of her grubby raincoat, still staring at Hermione. Then she said baldly, \ldblquote The \i Prophet \i0 wouldn\rquote t print it. In case you haven\rquote t noticed, nobody believes his cock-and-bull story. Everyone thinks he\rquote s delusional. Now, if you let me write the story from that angle \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We don\rquote t need another story about how Harry\rquote s lost his marbles!\rdblquote  said Hermione angrily. \ldblquote We\rquote ve had plenty of those already, thank you! I want him given the opportunity to tell the truth!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s no market for a story like that,\rdblquote  said Rita coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mean the \i Prophet\i0  won\rquote t print it because Fudge won\rquote t let them,\rdblquote  said Hermione irritably.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rita gave Hermione a long, hard look. Then, leaning forward across the table toward her, she said in a businesslike tone, \ldblquote All right, Fudge is leaning on the \i Prophet,\i0  but it comes to the same thing. They won\rquote t print a story that shows Harry in a good light. Nobody wants to read it. It\rquote s against the public mood. This last Azkaban breakout has got people quite worried enough. People just don\rquote t want to believe You-Know-Who\rquote s back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So the \i Daily Prophet\i0  exists to tell people what they want to hear, does it?\rdblquote  said Hermione scathingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rita sat up straight again, her eyebrows raised, and drained her glass of firewhisky.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The \i Prophet\i0  exists to sell itself, you silly girl,\rdblquote  she said coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dad thinks it\rquote s an awful paper,\rdblquote  said Luna, chipping into the conversation unexpectedly. Sucking on her cocktail onion, she gazed at Rita with her enormous, protuberant, slightly mad eyes. \ldblquote He pub\-lishes important stories that he thinks the public needs to know. He doesn\rquote t care about making money.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rita looked disparagingly at Luna.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m guessing your father runs some stupid little village news\-letter?\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote  \lquote Twenty-five Ways to Mingle with Muggles\rquote  and the dates of the next Bring-and-Fly Sale?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Luna, dipping her onion back into her gillywater, \ldblquote he\rquote s the editor of \i The Quibbler.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rita snorted so loudly that people at a nearby table looked around in alarm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Important stories he thinks the public needs to know\rquote ?\rdblquote  she said witheringly. \ldblquote I could manure my garden with the contents of that rag.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, this is your chance to raise the tone of it a bit, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Hermione pleasantly. \ldblquote Luna says her father\rquote s quite happy to take Harry\rquote s interview. That\rquote s who\rquote ll be publishing it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rita stared at them both for a moment and then let out a great whoop of laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i The Quibbler\i0 !\rdblquote  she said, cackling. \ldblquote You think people will take him seriously if he\rquote s published in \i The Quibbler\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Some people won\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a level voice. \ldblquote But the \i Daily Prophet\rquote s\i0  version of the Azkaban breakout had some gaping holes in it. I think a lot of people will be wondering whether there isn\rquote t a better explanation of what happened, and if there\rquote s an alternative story available, even if it is published in a\rdblquote  \emdash  she glanced sideways at Luna, \ldblquote in a \emdash  well, an \i unusual\i0  magazine \emdash  I think they might be rather keen to read it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rita did not say anything for a while, but eyed Hermione shrewdly, her head a little to one side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, let\rquote s say for a moment I\rquote ll do it,\rdblquote  she said abruptly. \ldblquote What kind of fee am I going to get?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think Daddy exactly pays people to write for the maga\-zine,\rdblquote  said Luna dreamily. \ldblquote They do it because it\rquote s an honor, and, of course, to see their names in print.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rita Skeeter looked as though the taste of Stinksap was strong in her mouth again as she rounded on Hermione. \ldblquote I\rquote m supposed to do this \i for free\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione calmly, taking a sip of her drink. \ldblquote Other\-wise, as you very well know, I will inform the authorities that you are an unregistered Animagus. Of course, the \i Prophet\i0  might give you rather a lot for an insider\rquote s account of life in Azkaban. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rita looked as though she would have liked nothing better than to seize the paper umbrella sticking out of Hermione\rquote s drink and thrust it up her nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t suppose I\rquote ve got any choice, have I?\rdblquote  said Rita, her voice shaking slightly. She opened her crocodile bag once more, withdrew a piece of parchment, and raised her Quick-Quotes Quill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Daddy will be pleased,\rdblquote  said Luna brightly. A muscle twitched in Rita\rquote s jaw.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, Harry?\rdblquote  said Hermione, turning to him. \ldblquote Ready to tell the public the truth?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose,\rdblquote  said Harry, watching Rita balancing the Quick-Quotes Quill at the ready on the parchment between them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fire away, then, Rita,\rdblquote  said Hermione serenely, fishing a cherry out of the bottom of her glass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 26\par
\pard\qc Seen and Unforeseen\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Luna said vaguely that she did not know how soon Rita\rquote s interview with Harry would appear in \i The Quibbler,\i0  that her father was ex\-pecting a lovely long article on recent sightings of Crumple-Horned Snorkacks. \ldblquote And, of course, that\rquote ll be a very important story, so Harry\rquote s might have to wait for the following issue,\rdblquote  said Luna.\par
Harry had not found it an easy experience to talk about the night when Voldemort had returned. Rita had pressed him for every little detail, and he had given her everything he could remember, knowing that this was his one big opportunity to tell the world the truth. He wondered how people would react to the story. He guessed that it would confirm a lot of people in the view that he was completely in\-sane, not least because his story would be appearing alongside utter rubbish about Crumple-Horned Snorkacks. But the breakout of Bel\-latrix Lestrange and her fellow Death Eaters had given Harry a burn\-ing desire to do something, whether it worked or not. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t wait to see what Umbridge thinks of you going public,\rdblquote  said Dean, sounding awestruck at dinner on Monday night. Seamus was\lang3081  \lang1033 shoveling down large amounts of chicken-and-ham pie on Dean\rquote s other side, but Harry knew he was listening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s the right thing to do, Harry,\rdblquote  said Neville, who was sitting op\-posite him. He was rather pale, but went on in a low voice, \ldblquote It must have been \'85 tough \'85 talking about it. \'85 Was it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  mumbled Harry, \ldblquote but people have got to know what Voldemort\rquote s capable of, haven\rquote t they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Neville, nodding, \ldblquote and his Death Eaters too \'85 People should know. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville left his sentence hanging and returned to his baked potato. Seamus looked up, but when he caught Harry\rquote s eye he looked quickly back at his plate again. After a while Dean, Seamus, and Neville de\-parted for the common room, leaving Harry and Hermione at the table waiting for Ron, who had not yet had dinner because of Quid\-ditch practice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cho Chang walked into the hall with her friend Marietta. Harry\rquote s stomach gave an unpleasant lurch, but she did not look over at the Gryffindor table and sat down with her back to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I forgot to ask you,\rdblquote  said Hermione brightly, glancing over at the Ravenclaw table, \ldblquote what happened on your date with Cho? How come you were back so early?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well, it was \'85\rdblquote  said Harry, pulling a dish of rhubarb crumble toward him and helping himself to seconds, \ldblquote a complete fi\-asco, now you mention it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he told her what had happened in Madam Puddifoot\rquote s Tea Shop.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 so then,\rdblquote  he finished several minutes later, as the final bit of crumble disappeared, \ldblquote she jumps up, right, and says \lquote I\rquote ll see you around, Harry,\rquote  and runs out of the place!\rdblquote  He put down his spoon and looked at Hermione. \ldblquote I mean, what was all that about? What was going on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione glanced over at the back of Cho\rquote s head and sighed. \ldblquote Oh, Harry,\rdblquote  she said sadly. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote m sorry, but you were a bit tactless.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Me,\i0  tactless?\rdblquote  said Harry, outraged. \ldblquote One minute we were getting on fine, next minute she was telling me that Roger Davies asked her out, and how she used to go and snog Cedric in that stupid tea shop \emdash  how was I supposed to feel about that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you see,\rdblquote  said Hermione, with the patient air of one ex\-plaining that one plus one equals two to an overemotional toddler, \ldblquote you shouldn\rquote t have told her that you wanted to meet me halfway through your date.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But, but,\rdblquote  spluttered Harry, \ldblquote but \emdash  you told me to meet you at twelve and to bring her along, how was I supposed to do that without telling her \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You should have told her differently\rdblquote  said Hermione, still with that maddeningly patient air. \ldblquote You should have said it was really an\-noying, but I\rquote d \i made\i0  you promise to come along to the Three Broom\-sticks, and you really didn\rquote t want to go, you\rquote d much rather spend the whole day with her, but unfortunately you thought you really ought to meet me and would she please, please come along with you, and hopefully you\rquote d be able to get away more quickly? And it might have been a good idea to mention how ugly you think I am too,\rdblquote  Hermi\-one added as an afterthought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I don\rquote t think you\rquote re ugly,\rdblquote  said Harry, bemused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you\rquote re worse than Ron. \'85 Well, no, you\rquote re not,\rdblquote  she sighed, as Ron himself came stumping into the Hall splattered with mud and looking grumpy. \ldblquote Look \emdash  you upset Cho when you said you were going to meet me, so she tried to make you jealous. It was her way of trying to find out how much you liked her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is that what she was doing?\rdblquote  said Harry as Ron dropped onto the bench opposite them and pulled every dish within reach toward himself. \ldblquote Well, wouldn\rquote t it have been easier if she\rquote d just asked me whether I liked her better than you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Girls don\rquote t often ask questions like that,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, they should!\rdblquote  said Harry forcefully. \ldblquote Then I could\rquote ve just told her I fancy her, and she wouldn\rquote t have had to get herself all worked up again about Cedric dying!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not saying what she did was sensible,\rdblquote  said Hermione, as Ginny joined them, just as muddy as Ron and looking equally dis\-gruntled. \ldblquote I\rquote m just trying to make you see how she was feeling at the time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You should write a book,\rdblquote  Ron told Hermione as he cut up his potatoes, \ldblquote translating mad things girls do so boys can understand them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry fervently, looking over at the Ravenclaw table. Cho had just got up; still not looking at him, she left the Great Hall. Feeling rather depressed, he looked back at Ron and Ginny. \ldblquote So, how was Quidditch practice?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was a nightmare,\rdblquote  said Ron in a surly voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh come on,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking at Ginny, \ldblquote I\rquote m sure it wasn\rquote t that \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, it was,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote It was appalling. Angelina was nearly in tears by the end of it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Ginny went off for baths after dinner; Harry and Her\-mione returned to the busy Gryffindor common room and their usual pile of homework. Harry had been struggling with a new star chart for Astronomy for half an hour when Fred and George turned up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron and Ginny not here?\rdblquote  asked Fred, looking around as he pulled up a chair and, when Harry shook his head, he said, \ldblquote Good. We were watching their practice. They\rquote re going to be slaughtered. They\rquote re complete rubbish without us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, Ginny\rquote s not bad,\rdblquote  said George fairly, sitting down next to Fred. \ldblquote Actually, I dunno how she got so good, seeing how we never let her play with us. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s been breaking into your broom shed in the garden since the age of six and taking each of your brooms out in turn when you weren\rquote t looking,\rdblquote  said Hermione from behind her tottering pile of An\-cient Rune books.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said George, looking mildly impressed. \ldblquote Well \emdash  that\rquote d ex\-plain it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Has Ron saved a goal yet?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, peering over the top of \i Magical Hieroglyphs and Logograms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i0\ldblquote Well, he can do it if he doesn\rquote t think anyone\rquote s watching him,\rdblquote  said Fred, rolling his eyes. \ldblquote So all we have to do is ask the crowd to turn their backs and talk among themselves every time the Quaffle goes up his end on Saturday.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He got up again and moved restlessly to the window, staring out across the dark grounds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know, Quidditch was about the only thing in this place worth staying for.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione cast him a stern look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve got exams coming!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Told you already, we\rquote re not fussed about N.E.W.T.s,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote The Snackboxes are ready to roll, we found out how to get rid of those boils, just a couple of drops of murtlap essence sorts them, Lee put us onto it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 George yawned widely and looked out disconsolately at the cloudy night sky.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno if I even want to watch this match. If Zacharias Smith beats us I might have to kill myself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kill him, more like,\rdblquote  said Fred firmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s the trouble with Quidditch,\rdblquote  said Hermione absentmind\-edly, once again bent over her Rune translation, \ldblquote it creates all this bad feeling and tension between the Houses.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked up to find her copy of \i Spellman\rquote s Syllabary\i0  and caught Fred, George, and Harry looking at her with expressions of mingled disgust and incredulity on their faces.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it does!\rdblquote  she said impatiently. \ldblquote It\rquote s only a game, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking his head, \ldblquote you\rquote re good on feelings and stuff, but you just don\rquote t understand about Quidditch.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe not,\rdblquote  she said darkly, returning to her translation again, \ldblquote but at least my happiness doesn\rquote t depend on Ron\rquote s goalkeeping ability.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And though Harry would rather have jumped off the Astronomy Tower than admit it to her, by the time he had watched the game the following Saturday he would have given any number of Galleons not to care about Quidditch either.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The very best thing you could say about the match was that it was short; the Gryffindor spectators had to endure only twenty-two min\-utes of agony. It was hard to say what the worst thing was: Harry thought it was a close-run contest between Ron\rquote s fourteenth failed save, Sloper missing the Bludger but hitting Angelina in the mouth with his bat, and Kirke shrieking and falling backward off his broom as Zacha\-rias Smith zoomed at him carrying the Quaffle. The miracle was that Gryffindor only lost by ten points: Ginny managed to snatch the Snitch from right under Hufflepuff Seeker Summerby\rquote s nose, so that the final score was two hundred and forty versus two hundred and thirty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good catch,\rdblquote  Harry told Ginny back in the common room, where the atmosphere closely resembled that of a particularly dismal funeral.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was lucky,\rdblquote  she shrugged. \ldblquote It wasn\rquote t a very fast Snitch and Sum\-merby\rquote s got a cold, he sneezed and closed his eyes at exactly the wrong moment. Anyway, once you\rquote re back on the team \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny, I\rquote ve got a lifelong ban.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re banned as long as Umbridge is in the school,\rdblquote  Ginny cor\-rected him. \ldblquote There\rquote s a difference. Anyway, once you\rquote re back, I think I\rquote ll try out for Chaser. Angelina and Alicia are both leaving next year and I prefer goal-scoring to Seeking anyway.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked over at Ron, who was hunched in a corner, staring at his knees, a bottle of butterbeer clutched in his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Angelina still won\rquote t let him resign,\rdblquote  Ginny said, as though reading Harry\rquote s mind. \ldblquote She says she knows he\rquote s got it in him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry liked Angelina for the faith she was showing in Ron, but at the same time thought it would really be kinder to let him leave the team. Ron had left the pitch to another booming chorus of \ldblquote Weasley Is Our King\rdblquote  sung with great gusto by the Slytherins, who were now favorites to win the Quidditch Cup.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George wandered over.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t got the heart to take the mickey out of him, even,\rdblquote  said Fred, looking over at Ron\rquote s crumpled figure. \ldblquote Mind you \'85 when he missed the fourteenth \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He made wild motions with his arms as though doing an upright doggy-paddle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote ll save it for parties, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron dragged himself up to bed shortly after this. Out of respect for his feelings, Harry waited a while before going up to the dormitory himself, so that Ron could pretend to be asleep if he wanted to. Sure enough, when Harry finally entered the room Ron was snoring a little too loudly to be entirely plausible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry got into bed, thinking about the match. It had been im\-mensely frustrating watching from the sidelines. He was quite im\-pressed by Ginny\rquote s performance but he felt that if he had been playing he could have caught the Snitch sooner. \'85 There had been a mo\-ment when it had been fluttering near Kirke\rquote s ankle; if she hadn\rquote t hes\-itated, she might have been able to scrape a win for Gryffindor. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge had been sitting a few rows below Harry and Hermione. Once or twice she had turned squatly in her seat to look at him, her wide toad\rquote s mouth stretched in what he thought had been a gloating smile. The memory of it made him feel hot with anger as he lay there\lang3081  \lang1033 in the dark. After a few minutes, however, he remembered that he was supposed to be emptying his mind of all emotion before he slept, as Snape kept instructing him at the end of every Occlumency lesson.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He tried for a moment or two, but the thought of Snape on top of memories of Umbridge merely increased his sense of grumbling re\-sentment, and he found himself focusing instead on how much he loathed the pair of them. Slowly, Ron\rquote s snores died away, replaced by the sound of deep, slow breathing. It took Harry much longer to get to sleep; his body was tired, but it took his brain a long time to close down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He dreamed that Neville and Professor Sprout were waltzing around the Room of Requirement while Professor McGonagall played the bagpipes. He watched them happily for a while, then de\-cided to go and find the other members of the D.A. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But when he left the room he found himself facing, not the tapes\-try of Barnabas the Barmy, but a torch burning in its bracket on a stone wall. He turned his head slowly to the left. There, at the far end of the windowless passage, was a plain, black door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He walked toward it with a sense of mounting excitement. He had the strangest feeling that this time he was going to get lucky at last, and find the way to open it. \'85 He was feet from it and saw with a leap of excitement that there was a glowing strip of faint blue light down the right-hand side. \'85 The door was ajar. \'85 He stretched out his hand to push it wide and \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron gave a loud, rasping, genuine snore, and Harry awoke abruptly with his right hand stretched in front of him in the darkness, to open a door that was hundreds of miles away. He let it fall with a feeling of mingled disappointment and guilt. He knew he should not have seen the door, but at the same time, felt so consumed with curiosity about what was behind it that he could not help feeling annoyed with Ron. \'85 If he could have saved his snore for just another minute \'85\lang3081\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 *   *   *\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 They entered the Great Hall for breakfast at exactly the same moment as the post owls on Monday morning. Hermione was not the only person eagerly awaiting her \i Daily Prophet: \i0 Nearly everyone was eager for more news about the escaped Death Eaters, who, despite many re\-ported sightings, had still not been caught. She gave the delivery owl a Knut and unfolded the newspaper eagerly while Harry helped him\-self to orange juice; as he had only received one note during the entire year he was sure, when the first owl landed with a thud in front of him, that it had made a mistake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote re you after?\rdblquote  he asked it, languidly removing his orange juice from underneath its beak and leaning forward to see the recipi\-ent\rquote s name and address:\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Harry Potter\par
Great Hall\par
Hogwarts School\lang3081\par
\i0\par
\lang1033 Frowning, he made to take the letter from the owl, but before he could do so, three, four, five more owls had fluttered down beside it and were jockeying for position, treading in the butter, knocking over the salt, and each attempting to give him their letters first.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote  Ron asked in amazement, as the whole of Gryffindor table leaned forward to watch as another seven owls landed amongst the first ones, screeching, hooting, and flapping their wings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione breathlessly, plunging her hands into the feathery mass and pulling out a screech owl bearing a long, cylindrical package. \ldblquote I think I know what this means \emdash  open this one first!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry ripped off the brown packaging. Out rolled a tightly furled copy of March\rquote s edition of \i The Quibbler.\i0  He unrolled it to see his own\lang3081  \lang1033 face grinning sheepishly at him from the front cover. In large red let\-ters across his picture were the words:\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 HARRY POTTER SPEAKS OUT AT LAST:\lang3081\par
\lang1033 THE TRUTH ABOUT HE-WHO-MUST-NOT-BE-NAMED\lang3081\par
\lang1033 AND THE NIGHT I SAW HIM RETURN\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s good, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Luna, who had drifted over to the Gryffindor table and now squeezed herself onto the bench between Fred and Ron. \ldblquote It came out yesterday, I asked Dad to send you a free copy. I expect all these,\rdblquote  she waved a hand at the assembled owls still scrabbling around on the table in front of Harry, \ldblquote are letters from readers.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s what I thought,\rdblquote  said Hermione eagerly, \ldblquote Harry, d\rquote you mind if we \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Help yourself,\rdblquote  said Harry, feeling slightly bemused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione both started ripping open envelopes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This one\rquote s from a bloke who thinks you\rquote re off your rocker,\rdblquote  said Ron, glancing down his letter. \ldblquote Ah well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This woman recommends you try a good course of Shock Spells at St. Mungo\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking disappointed and crumpling up a second.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This one looks okay, though,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly, scanning a long letter from a witch in Paisley. \ldblquote Hey, she says she believes me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This one\rquote s in two minds,\rdblquote  said Fred, who had joined in the letter-opening with enthusiasm. \ldblquote Says you don\rquote t come across as a mad per\-son, but he really doesn\rquote t want to believe You-Know-Who\rquote s back so he doesn\rquote t know what to think now. \'85 Blimey, what a waste of parch\-ment \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here\rquote s another one you\rquote ve convinced, Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione ex\-citedly. \ldblquote  \lquote Having read your side of the story I am forced to the con\-clusion that the \i Daily Prophet\i0  has treated you very unfairly. \'85 Little\lang3081  \lang1033 though I want to think that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named has re\-turned, I am forced to accept that you are telling the truth. \'85\rquote  Oh this is wonderful!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Another one who thinks you\rquote re barking,\rdblquote  said Ron, throwing a crumpled letter over his shoulder, \ldblquote but this one says you\rquote ve got her converted, and she now thinks you\rquote re a real hero \emdash  she\rquote s put in a pho\-tograph too \emdash  wow \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is going on here?\rdblquote  said a falsely sweet, girlish voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked up with his hands full of envelopes. Professor Um\-bridge was standing behind Fred and Luna, her bulging toad\rquote s eyes scanning the mess of owls and letters on the table in front of Harry. Behind her he saw many of the students watching them avidly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why have you got all these letters, Mr. Potter?\rdblquote  she asked slowly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is that a crime now?\rdblquote  said Fred loudly. \ldblquote Getting mail?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Be careful, Mr. Weasley, or I shall have to put you in detention,\rdblquote  said Umbridge. \ldblquote Well, Mr. Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hesitated, but he did not see how he could keep what he had done quiet; it was surely only a matter of time before a copy of \i The Quibbler\i0  came to Umbridge\rquote s attention.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote People have written to me because I gave an interview,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote About what happened to me last June.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For some reason he glanced up at the staff table as he said this. He had the strangest feeling that Dumbledore had been watching him a second before, but when he looked, Dumbledore seemed to be ab\-sorbed in conversation with Professor Flitwick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An interview?\rdblquote  repeated Umbridge, her voice thinner and higher than ever. \ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I mean a reporter asked me questions and I answered them,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he threw the copy of \i The Quibbler\i0  at her. She caught it and stared down at the cover. Her pale, doughy face turned an ugly, patchy violet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When did you do this?\rdblquote  she asked, her voice trembling slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Last Hogsmeade weekend,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked up at him, incandescent with rage, the magazine shak\-ing in her stubby fingers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There will be no more Hogsmeade trips for you, Mr. Potter,\rdblquote  she whispered. \ldblquote How you dare \'85 how you could \'85\rdblquote  She took a deep breath. \ldblquote I have tried again and again to teach you not to tell lies. The message, apparently, has still not sunk in. Fifty points from Gryffin\-dor and another week\rquote s worth of detentions.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stalked away, clutching \i The Quibbler\i0  to her chest, the eyes of many students following her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 By mid-morning enormous signs had been put up all over the school, not just on House notice boards, but in the corridors and class\-rooms too.\par
\par
\pard\qc\emdash   \fs20 BY ORDER OF\fs24   \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 THE\lang3081  HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 Any student found in possession of the magazine \i The Quib\-bler \i0 will be expelled.\par
\pard\qc\i The above is in accordance with\par
Educational Decree Number Twenty-seven.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0 Signed:\par
Dolores Jane Umbridge\par
\fs20 HIGH INQUISITOR\lang3081\par
\fs24\par
\lang1033 For some reason, every time Hermione caught sight of one of these signs she beamed with pleasure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What exactly are you so happy about?\rdblquote  Harry asked her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh Harry, don\rquote t you see?\rdblquote  Hermione breathed. \ldblquote If she could have done one thing to make absolutely sure that every single person in this school will read your interview, it was banning it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And it seemed that Hermione was quite right. By the end of that day, though Harry had not seen so much as a corner of \i The Quibbler\i0  anywhere in the school, the whole place seemed to be quoting the in\-terview at each other; Harry heard them whispering about it as they queued up outside classes, discussing it over lunch and in the back of lessons, while Hermione even reported that every occupant of the cu\-bicles in the girls\rquote  toilets had been talking about it when she nipped in there before Ancient Runes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then they spotted me, and obviously they know I know you, so they were bombarding me with questions,\rdblquote  Hermione told Harry, her eyes shining, \ldblquote and Harry, I think they believe you, I really do, I think you\rquote ve finally got them convinced!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Meanwhile Professor Umbridge was stalking the school, stopping students at random and demanding that they turn out their books and pockets. Harry knew she was looking for copies of \i The Quibbler,\i0  but the students were several steps ahead of her. The pages carrying Harry\rquote s interview had been bewitched to resemble extracts from text\-books if anyone but themselves read it, or else wiped magically blank until they wanted to peruse it again. Soon it seemed that every single person in the school had read it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The teachers were, of course, forbidden from mentioning the in\-terview by Educational Decree Number Twenty-six, but they found ways to express their feelings about it all the same. Professor Sprout awarded Gryffindor twenty points when Harry passed her a watering can; a beaming Professor Flitwick pressed a box of squeaking sugar mice on him at the end of Charms, said \ldblquote\i Shh\i0 !\rdblquote  and hurried away; and Professor Trelawney broke into hysterical sobs during Divination and announced to the startled class, and a very disapproving Umbridge, that Harry was \i not\i0  going to suffer an early death after all, but would\lang3081  \lang1033 live to a ripe old age, become Minister of Magic, and have twelve children.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But what made Harry happiest was Cho catching up with him as he was hurrying along to Transfiguration the next day. Before he knew what had happened her hand was in his and she was breathing in his ear, \ldblquote I\rquote m really, really sorry. That interview was so brave \'85 it made me cry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was sorry to hear she had shed even more tears over it, but very glad they were on speaking terms again, and even more pleased when she gave him a swift kiss on the cheek and hurried off again. And un\-believably, no sooner had he arrived outside Transfiguration than something just as good happened: Seamus stepped out of the queue to face him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I just wanted to say,\rdblquote  he mumbled, squinting at Harry\rquote s left knee, \ldblquote I believe you. And I\rquote ve sent a copy of that magazine to me mam.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If anything more was needed to complete Harry\rquote s happiness, it was Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle\rquote s reactions. He saw them with their heads together later that afternoon in the library, together with a weedy-looking boy Hermione whispered was called Theodore Nott. They looked around at Harry as he browsed the shelves for the book he needed on Partial Vanishment, and Goyle cracked his knuckles threat\-eningly and Malfoy whispered something undoubtedly malevolent to Crabbe. Harry knew perfectly well why they were acting like this: He had named all of their fathers as Death Eaters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And the best bit is,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione gleefully as they left the library, \ldblquote they can\rquote t contradict you, because they can\rquote t admit they\rquote ve read the article!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To cap it all, Luna told him over dinner that no copy of \i The Quib\-bler\i0  had ever sold out faster.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dad\rquote s reprinting!\rdblquote  she told Harry, her eyes popping excitedly. \ldblquote He can\rquote t believe it, he says people seem even more interested in this than the Crumple-Horned Snorkacks!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was a hero in the Gryffindor common room that night; dar\-ingly, Fred and George had put an Enlargement Charm on the front cover of \i The Quibbler\i0  and hung it on the wall, so that Harry\rquote s giant head gazed down upon the proceedings, occasionally saying things like \ldblquote The Ministry are morons\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Eat dung, Umbridge\rdblquote  in a booming voice. Hermione did not find this very amusing; she said it interfered with her concentration, and ended up going to bed early out of irritation. Harry had to admit that the poster was not quite as funny after an hour or two, especially when the talking spell had started to wear off, so that it merely shouted disconnected words like \ldblquote Dung\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Umbridge\rdblquote  at more and more frequent intervals in a progressively higher voice. In fact it started to make his head ache and his scar began prickling uncomfortably again. To disappointed moans from the many people who were sitting around him, asking him to re\-live his interview for the umpteenth time, he announced that he too needed an early night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dormitory was empty when he reached it. He rested his fore\-head for a moment against the cool glass of the window beside his bed; it felt soothing against his scar. Then he undressed and got into bed, wishing his headache would go away. He also felt slightly sick. He rolled over onto his side, closed his eyes, and fell asleep almost at once. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was standing in a dark, curtained room lit by a single branch of candles. His hands were clenched on the back of a chair in front of him. They were long-fingered and white as though they had not seen sunlight for years and looked like large, pale spiders against the dark velvet of the chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Beyond the chair, in a pool of light cast upon the floor by the can\-dles, knelt a man in black robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have been badly advised, it seems,\rdblquote  said Harry, in a high, cold voice that pulsed with anger.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master, I crave your pardon. \'85\rdblquote  croaked the man kneeling on\lang3081  \lang1033 the floor. The back of his head glimmered in the candlelight. He seemed to be trembling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do not blame you, Rookwood,\rdblquote  said Harry in that cold, cruel voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He relinquished his grip upon the chair and walked around it, closer to the man cowering upon the floor, until he stood directly over him in the darkness, looking down from a far greater height than usual.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are sure of your facts, Rookwood?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, My Lord, yes \'85 I used to work in the department after \emdash  after all. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Avery told me Bode would be able to remove it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bode could never have taken it, Master. \'85 Bode would have known he could not. \'85 Undoubtedly that is why he fought so hard against Malfoy\rquote s Imperius Curse. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stand up, Rookwood,\rdblquote  whispered Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The kneeling man almost fell over in his haste to obey. His face was pockmarked; the scars were thrown into relief by the candlelight. He remained a little stooped when standing, as though halfway through a bow, and he darted terrified looks up at Harry\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have done well to tell me this,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Very well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I have wasted months on fruitless schemes, it seems. \'85 But no matter \'85 We begin again, from now. You have Lord Voldemort\rquote s gratitude, Rookwood. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord \'85 yes, My Lord,\rdblquote  gasped Rookwood, his voice hoarse with relief.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I shall need your help. I shall need all the information you can give me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, My Lord, of course \'85 anything \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 you may go. Send Avery to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rookwood scurried backward, bowing, and disappeared through a door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Left alone in the dark room, Harry turned toward the wall. A cracked, age-spotted mirror hung on the wall in the shadows. Harry moved toward it. His reflection grew larger and clearer in the darkness. \'85 A face whiter than a skull\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 red eyes with slits for pupils \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NOOOOOOOOO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  yelled a voice nearby.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry flailed around madly, became entangled in the hangings, and fell out of his bed. For a few seconds he did not know where he was; he was convinced that he was about to see the white, skull-like face looming at him out of the dark again, then Ron\rquote s voice spoke very near to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Will you stop acting like a maniac, and I can get you out of here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron wrenched the hangings apart, and Harry stared up at him in the moonlight, as he lay flat on his back, his scar searing with pain. Ron looked as though he had just been getting ready for bed; one arm was out of his robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Has someone been attacked again?\rdblquote  asked Ron, pulling Harry roughly to his feet. \ldblquote Is it Dad? Is it that snake?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  everyone\rquote s fine \emdash\rdblquote  gasped Harry, whose forehead felt as though it was on fire again. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Avery isn\rquote t. \'85 He\rquote s in trouble. \'85 He gave him the wrong information. \'85 He\rquote s really angry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry groaned and sank, shaking, onto his bed, rubbing his scar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Rookwood\rquote s going to help him now. \'85 He\rquote s on the right track again. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you talking about?\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding scared. \ldblquote D\rquote you mean \'85 did you just see You-Know-Who?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \i was\i0  You-Know-Who,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he stretched out his hands in the darkness and held them up to his face to check that they were no longer deathly white and long-fingered. \ldblquote He was with Rook\-wood, he\rquote s one of the Death Eaters who escaped from Azkaban, re\-member? Rookwood\rquote s just told him Bode couldn\rquote t have done it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Done what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remove something. \'85 He said Bode would have known he couldn\rquote t have done it. \'85 Bode was under the Imperius Curse. \'85 I think he said Malfoy\rquote s dad put it on him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bode was bewitched to remove something?\rdblquote  Ron said. \ldblquote But \emdash  Harry, that\rquote s got to be \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The weapon,\rdblquote  Harry finished the sentence for him. \ldblquote I know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dormitory door opened; Dean and Seamus came in. Harry swung his legs back into bed. He did not want to look as though any\-thing odd had just happened, seeing as Seamus had only just stopped thinking Harry was a nutter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you say,\rdblquote  murmured Ron, putting his head close to Harry\rquote s on the pretense of helping himself to water from the jug on his bedside table, \ldblquote that you \i were\i0  You-Know-Who?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron took an unnecessarily large gulp of water. Harry saw it spill over his chin onto his chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  he said, as Dean and Seamus clattered around noisily, pulling off their robes, and talking, \ldblquote you\rquote ve got to tell \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t got to tell anyone,\rdblquote  said Harry shortly. \ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t have seen it at all if I could do Occlumency. I\rquote m supposed to have learned to shut this stuff out. That\rquote s what they want.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 By \ldblquote they\rdblquote  he meant Dumbledore. He got back into bed and rolled over onto his side with his back to Ron and after a while he heard Ron\rquote s mattress creak as he lay back down too. His scar began to burn; he bit hard on his pillow to stop himself making a noise. Somewhere, he knew, Avery was being punished. \'85\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron waited until break next morning to tell Hermione ex\-actly what had happened. They wanted to be absolutely sure they could not be overheard. Standing in their usual corner of the cool and\lang3081  \lang1033 breezy courtyard, Harry told her every detail of the dream he could remember. When he had finished, she said nothing at all for a few moments, but stared with a kind of painful intensity at Fred and George, who were both headless and selling their magical hats from under their cloaks on the other side of the yard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that\rquote s why they killed him,\rdblquote  she said quietly, withdrawing her gaze from Fred and George at last. \ldblquote When Bode tried to steal this weapon, something funny happened to him. I think there must be defensive spells on it, or around it, to stop people from touching it. That\rquote s why he was in St. Mungo\rquote s, his brain had gone all funny and he couldn\rquote t talk. But remember what the Healer told us? He was recov\-ering. And they couldn\rquote t risk him getting better, could they? I mean, the shock of whatever happened when he touched that weapon prob\-ably made the Imperius Curse lift. Once he\rquote d got his voice back, he\rquote d explain what he\rquote d been doing, wouldn\rquote t he? They would have known he\rquote d been sent to steal the weapon. Of course, it would have been easy for Lucius Malfoy to put the curse on him. Never out of the Ministry, is he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was even hanging around that day I had my hearing,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote In the \emdash  hang on \'85\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote He was in the De\-partment of Mysteries corridor that day! Your dad said he was proba\-bly trying to sneak down and find out what happened in my hearing, but what if\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sturgis,\rdblquote  gasped Hermione, looking thunderstruck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking bewildered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sturgis Podmore,\rdblquote  said Hermione, breathlessly. \ldblquote Arrested for try\-ing to get through a door. Lucius Malfoy got him too. I bet he did it the day you saw him there, Harry. Sturgis had Moody\rquote s Invisibility Cloak, right? So what if he was standing guard by the door, invisible, and Malfoy heard him move, or guessed he was there, or just did the Imperius Curse on the off chance that a guard was there? So when Sturgis next had an opportunity \emdash  probably when it was his turn on\lang3081  \lang1033 guard duty again \emdash  he tried to get into the department to steal the weapon for Voldemort \emdash  Ron, be quiet \emdash  but he got caught and sent to Azkaban. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She gazed at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now Rookwood\rquote s told Voldemort how to get the weapon?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t hear all the conversation, but that\rquote s what it sounded like,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Rookwood used to work there. \'85 Maybe Voldemort\rquote ll send Rookwood to do it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione nodded, apparently still lost in thought. Then, quite abruptly, she said, \ldblquote But you shouldn\rquote t have seen this at all, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  he said, taken aback.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re supposed to be learning how to close your mind to this sort of thing,\rdblquote  said Hermione, suddenly stern.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know I am,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I think we should just try and forget what you saw,\rdblquote  said Hermione firmly. \ldblquote And you ought to put in a bit more effort on your Occlumency from now on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was so angry with her that he did not talk to her for the rest of the day, which proved to be another bad one. When people were not discussing the escaped Death Eaters in the corridors today, they were laughing at Gryffindor\rquote s abysmal performance in their match against Hufflepuff; the Slytherins were singing \ldblquote Weasley Is Our King\rdblquote  so loudly and frequently that by sundown Filch had banned it from the corridors out of sheer irritation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The week did not improve as it progressed: Harry received two more D\rquote s in Potions, was still on tenterhooks that Hagrid might get the sack, and could not stop himself from dwelling on the dream in which he had seen Voldemort, though he did not bring it up with Ron and Hermione again because he did not want another telling-off from Hermione. He wished very much that he could have talked to Sirius about it, but that was out of the question, so he tried to push the mat\-ter to the back of his mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Unfortunately, the back of his mind was no longer the secure place it had once been.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get up, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A couple of weeks after his dream of Rookwood, Harry was to be found, yet again, kneeling on the floor of Snape\rquote s office, trying to clear his head. He had just been forced, yet again, to relive a stream of very early memories he had not even realized he still had, most of them concerning humiliations Dudley and his gang had inflicted upon him in primary school.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That last memory,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote What was it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Harry, getting wearily to his feet. He was find\-ing it increasingly difficult to disentangle separate memories from the rush of images and sound that Snape kept calling forth. \ldblquote You mean the one where my cousin tried to make me stand in the toilet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Snape softly. \ldblquote I mean the one concerning a man kneel\-ing in the middle of a darkened room. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s \'85 nothing,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape\rquote s dark eyes bored into Harry\rquote s. Remembering what Snape had said about eye contact being crucial to Legilimency, Harry blinked and looked away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do that man and that room come to be inside your head, Potter?\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry, looking everywhere but at Snape, \ldblquote it was \emdash  just a dream I had.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A dream,\rdblquote  repeated Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause during which Harry stared fixedly at a large dead frog suspended in a purple liquid in its jar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You do know why we are here, don\rquote t you, Potter?\rdblquote  said Snape in a low, dangerous voice. \ldblquote You do know why I am giving up my evenings to this tedious job?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry stiffly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remind me why we are here, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So I can learn Occlumency,\rdblquote  said Harry, now glaring at a dead eel.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Correct, Potter. And dim though you may be\rdblquote  \emdash  Harry looked back at Snape, hating him \emdash  \ldblquote I would have thought that after two months\rquote  worth of lessons you might have made some progress. How many other dreams about the Dark Lord have you had?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just that one,\rdblquote  lied Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perhaps,\rdblquote  said Snape, his dark, cold eyes narrowing slightly, \ldblquote per\-haps you actually enjoy having these visions and dreams, Potter. Maybe they make you feel special \emdash  important?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, they don\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry, his jaw set and his fingers clenched tightly around the handle of his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That is just as well, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape coldly, \ldblquote because you are neither special nor important, and it is not up to you to find out what the Dark Lord is saying to his Death Eaters.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  that\rquote s your job, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  Harry shot at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had not meant to say it; it had burst out of him in temper. For a long moment they stared at each other, Harry convinced he had gone too far. But there was a curious, almost satisfied expression on Snape\rquote s face when he answered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Potter,\rdblquote  he said, his eyes glinting. \ldblquote That is my job. Now, if you are ready, we will start again. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He raised his wand. \ldblquote One \emdash  two \emdash  three \emdash  \i Legilimens\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A hundred dementors were swooping toward Harry across the lake in the grounds. \'85 He screwed up his face in concentration. \'85 They were coming closer. \'85 He could see the dark holes beneath their hoods \'85 yet he could also see Snape standing in front of him, his eyes fixed upon Harry\rquote s face, muttering under his breath. \'85 And somehow, Snape was growing clearer, and the dementors were grow\-ing fainter \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry raised his own wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Protego\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape staggered; his wand flew upward, away from Harry \emdash  and\lang3081  \lang1033 suddenly Harry\rquote s mind was teeming with memories that were not his \emdash  a hook-nosed man was shouting at a cowering woman, while a small dark-haired boy cried in a corner. \'85 A greasy-haired teenager sat alone in a dark bedroom, pointing his wand at the ceiling, shoot\-ing down flies. \'85 A girl was laughing as a scrawny boy tried to mount a bucking broomstick \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote ENOUGH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt as though he had been pushed hard in the chest; he took several staggering steps backward, hit some of the shelves covering Snape\rquote s walls and heard something crack. Snape was shaking slightly, very white in the face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The back of Harry\rquote s robes were damp. One of the jars behind him had broken when he fell against it; the pickled slimy thing within was swirling in its draining potion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Reparo\i0 !\rdblquote  hissed Snape, and the jar sealed itself once more. \ldblquote Well, Potter \'85 that was certainly an improvement. \'85\rdblquote  Panting slightly, Snape straightened the Pensieve in which he had again stored some of his thoughts before starting the lesson, almost as though checking that they were still there. \ldblquote I don\rquote t remember telling you to use a Shield Charm \'85 but there is no doubt that it was effective. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not speak; he felt that to say anything might be danger\-ous. He was sure he had just broken into Snape\rquote s memories, that he had just seen scenes from Snape\rquote s childhood, and it was unnerving to think that the crying little boy who had watched his parents shouting was ac\-tually standing in front of him with such loathing in his eyes. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s try again, shall we?\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a thrill of dread: He was about to pay for what had just happened, he was sure of it. They moved back into position with the desk between them, Harry feeling he was going to find it much harder to empty his mind this time. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote On the count of three, then,\rdblquote  said Snape, raising his wand once more. \ldblquote One \emdash  two \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not have time to gather himself together and attempt to clear his mind, for Snape had already cried \ldblquote\i Legilimens\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was hurtling along the corridor toward the Department of Mys\-teries, past the blank stone walls, past the torches \emdash  the plain black door was growing ever larger; he was moving so fast he was going to collide with it, he was feet from it and he could see that chink of faint blue light again \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door had flown open! He was through it at last, inside a black-walled, black-floored circular room lit with blue-flamed candles, and there were more doors all around him \emdash  he needed to go on \emdash  but which door ought he to take \emdash  ?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote POTTER!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened his eyes. He was flat on his back again with no memory of having gotten there; he was also panting as though he re\-ally had run the length of the Department of Mysteries corridor, really had sprinted through the black door and found the circular room. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Explain yourself!\rdblquote  said Snape, who was standing over him, look\-ing furious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85 dunno what happened,\rdblquote  said Harry truthfully, standing up. There was a lump on the back of his head from where he had hit the ground and he felt feverish. \ldblquote I\rquote ve never seen that before. I mean, I told you, I\rquote ve dreamed about the door \'85 but it\rquote s never opened before. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are not working hard enough!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For some reason, Snape seemed even angrier than he had done two minutes before, when Harry had seen into his own memories.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are lazy and sloppy, Potter, it is small wonder that the Dark Lord \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you tell me something, \i sir\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry, firing up again. \ldblquote Why do you call Voldemort the Dark Lord, I\rquote ve only ever heard Death Eaters call him that \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape opened his mouth in a snarl \emdash  and a woman screamed from somewhere outside the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape\rquote s head jerked upward; he was gazing at the ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What the \emdash  ?\rdblquote  he muttered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could hear a muffled commotion coming from what he thought might be the entrance hall. Snape looked around at him, frowning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you see anything unusual on your way down here, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shook his head. Somewhere above them, the woman screamed again. Snape strode to his office door, his wand still held at the ready, and swept out of sight. Harry hesitated for a moment, then followed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The screams were indeed coming from the entrance hall; they grew louder as Harry ran toward the stone steps leading up from the dun\-geons. When he reached the top he found the entrance hall packed. Students had come flooding out of the Great Hall, where dinner was still in progress, to see what was going on. Others had crammed them\-selves onto the marble staircase. Harry pushed forward through a knot of tall Slytherins and saw that the onlookers had formed a great ring, some of them looking shocked, others even frightened. Professor McGonagall was directly opposite Harry on the other side of the hall; she looked as though what she was watching made her feel faintly sick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney was standing in the middle of the entrance hall with her wand in one hand and an empty sherry bottle in the other, looking utterly mad. Her hair was sticking up on end, her glasses were lopsided so that one eye was magnified more than the other; her in\-numerable shawls and scarves were trailing haphazardly from her shoulders, giving the impression that she was falling apart at the seams. Two large trunks lay on the floor beside her, one of them up\-side down; it looked very much as though it had been thrown down the stairs after her. Professor Trelawney was staring, apparently terri\-fied, at something Harry could not see but that seemed to be standing at the foot of the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  she shrieked. \ldblquote NO! This cannot be happening. \'85 It cannot \'85 I refuse to accept it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t realize this was coming?\rdblquote  said a high girlish voice, sounding callously amused, and Harry, moving slightly to his right, saw that Trelawney\rquote s terrifying vision was nothing other than Professor Umbridge. \ldblquote Incapable though you are of predicting even tomorrow\rquote s weather, you must surely have realized that your pitiful performance during my inspections, and lack of any improvement, would make it inevitable you would be sacked?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You c-can\rquote t!\rdblquote  howled Professor Trelawney, tears streaming down her face from behind her enormous lenses, \ldblquote you c-can\rquote t sack me! I\rquote ve b-been here sixteen years! H-Hogwarts is m-my h-home!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It \i was\i0  your home,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge, and Harry was re\-volted to see the enjoyment stretching her toadlike face as she watched Professor Trelawney sink, sobbing uncontrollably, onto one of her trunks, \ldblquote until an hour ago, when the Minister of Magic countersigned the order for your dismissal. Now kindly remove yourself from this hall. You are embarrassing us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But she stood and watched, with an expression of gloating enjoy\-ment, as Professor Trelawney shuddered and moaned, rocking back\-ward and forward on her trunk in paroxysms of grief. Harry heard a sob to his left and looked around. Lavender and Parvati were both cry\-ing silently, their arms around each other. Then he heard footsteps. Professor McGonagall had broken away from the spectators, marched straight up to Professor Trelawney and was patting her firmly on the back while withdrawing a large handkerchief from within her robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There, there, Sibyll\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Calm down. \'85 Blow your nose on this. \'85 It\rquote s not as bad as you think, now. \'85 You are not going to have to leave Hogwarts. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh really, Professor McGonagall?\rdblquote  said Umbridge in a deadly voice, taking a few steps forward. \ldblquote And your authority for that state\-ment is \'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That would be mine,\rdblquote  said a deep voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The oak front doors had swung open. Students beside them scut\-tled out of the way as Dumbledore appeared in the entrance. What he had been doing out in the grounds Harry could not imagine, but there was something impressive about the sight of him framed in the doorway against an oddly misty night. Leaving the doors wide behind him, he strode forward through the circle of onlookers toward the place where Professor Trelawney sat, tearstained and trembling, upon her trunk, Professor McGonagall alongside her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yours, Professor Dumbledore?\rdblquote  said Umbridge with a singularly unpleasant little laugh. \ldblquote I\rquote m afraid you do not understand the posi\-tion. I have here\rdblquote  \emdash  she pulled a parchment scroll from within her robes \emdash  \ldblquote an Order of Dismissal signed by myself and the Minister of Magic. Under the terms of Educational Decree Number Twenty-three, the High Inquisitor of Hogwarts has the power to inspect, place upon probation, and sack any teacher she \emdash  that is to say, I \emdash  feel is not performing up to the standard required by the Ministry of Magic. I have decided that Professor Trelawney is not up to scratch. I have dis\-missed her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To Harry\rquote s very great surprise, Dumbledore continued to smile. He looked down at Professor Trelawney, who was still sobbing and chok\-ing on her trunk, and said, \ldblquote You are quite right, of course, Professor Umbridge. As High Inquisitor you have every right to dismiss my teachers. You do not, however, have the authority to send them away from the castle. I am afraid,\rdblquote  he went on, with a courteous little bow, \ldblquote that the power to do that still resides with the headmaster, and it is my wish that Professor Trelawney continue to live at Hogwarts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At this, Professor Trelawney gave a wild little laugh in which a hic\-cup was barely hidden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  no, I\rquote ll g-go, Dumbledore! I sh-shall l-leave Hogwarts and s-seek my fortune elsewhere \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore sharply. \ldblquote It is my wish that you remain, Sibyll.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned to Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Might I ask you to escort Sibyll back upstairs, Professor McGonagall?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  said McGonagall. \ldblquote Up you get, Sibyll. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Sprout came hurrying forward out of the crowd and grabbed Professor Trelawney\rquote s other arm. Together they guided her past Umbridge and up the marble stairs. Professor Flitwick went scur\-rying after them, his wand held out before him; he squeaked, \ldblquote\i Loco\-motor trunks\i0 !\rdblquote  and Professor Trelawney\rquote s luggage rose into the air and proceeded up the staircase after her, Professor Flitwick bringing up the rear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge was standing stock-still, staring at Dumble\-dore, who continued to smile benignly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what,\rdblquote  she said in a whisper that nevertheless carried all around the entrance hall, \ldblquote are you going to do with her once I appoint a new Divination teacher who needs her lodgings?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, that won\rquote t be a problem,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore pleasantly. \ldblquote You see, I have already found us a new Divination teacher, and he will pre\-fer lodgings on the ground floor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve found \emdash  ?\rdblquote  said Umbridge shrilly. \ldblquote\i You\rquote ve\i0  found? Might I remind you, Dumbledore, that under Educational Decree Twenty-two \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  the Ministry has the right to appoint a suitable candidate if\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  and only if\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  the headmaster is unable to find one,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore. \ldblquote And I am happy to say that on this occasion I have succeeded. May I introduce you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned to face the open front doors, through which night mist was now drifting. Harry heard hooves. There was a shocked murmur around the hall and those nearest the doors hastily moved even farther\lang3081  \lang1033 backward, some of them tripping over in their haste to clear a path for the newcomer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Through the mist came a face Harry had seen once before on a dark, dangerous night in the Forbidden Forest: white-blond hair and astonishingly blue eyes, the head and torso of a man joined to the palomino body of a horse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is Firenze,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore happily to a thunderstruck Umbridge. \ldblquote I think you\rquote ll find him suitable.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 27\par
\pard\qc The Centaur and The Sneak\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll bet you wish you hadn\rquote t given up Divination now, don\rquote t you, Hermione?\rdblquote  asked Parvati, smirking.\par
It was breakfast time a few days after the sacking of Professor Trelawney, and Parvati was curling her eyelashes around her wand and examining the effect in the back of her spoon. They were to have their first lesson with Firenze that morning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not really,\rdblquote  said Hermione indifferently, who was reading the \i Daily Prophet.\i0  \ldblquote I\rquote ve never really liked horses.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She turned a page of the newspaper, scanning its columns.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s not a horse, he\rquote s a centaur!\rdblquote  said Lavender, sounding shocked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A \i gorgeous\i0  centaur \'85\rdblquote  sighed Parvati.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Either way, he\rquote s still got four legs,\rdblquote  said Hermione coolly. \ldblquote Any\-way, I thought you two were all upset that Trelawney had gone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We are!\rdblquote  Lavender assured her. \ldblquote We went up to her office to see her, we took her some daffodils \emdash  not the honking ones that Sprout\rquote s got, nice ones. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How is she?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not very good, poor thing,\rdblquote  said Lavender sympathetically. \ldblquote She\lang3081  \lang1033 was crying and saying she\rquote d rather leave the castle forever than stay here if Umbridge is still here, and I don\rquote t blame her. Umbridge was horrible to her, wasn\rquote t she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got a feeling Umbridge has only just started being horrible,\rdblquote  said Hermione darkly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Impossible,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was tucking into a large plate of eggs and bacon. \ldblquote She can\rquote t get any worse than she\rquote s been already.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mark my words, she\rquote s going to want revenge on Dumbledore for appointing a new teacher without consulting her,\rdblquote  said Hermione, closing the newspaper. \ldblquote Especially another part-human. You saw the look on her face when she saw Firenze. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After breakfast Hermione departed for her Arithmancy class and Harry and Ron followed Parvati and Lavender into the entrance hall, heading for Divination.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aren\rquote t we going up to North Tower?\rdblquote  asked Ron, looking puzzled, as Parvati bypassed the marble staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Parvati looked scornfully over her shoulder at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you expect Firenze to climb that ladder? We\rquote re in class\-room eleven now, it was on the notice board yesterday.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Classroom eleven was situated in the ground-floor corridor leading off the entrance hall on the opposite side to the Great Hall. Harry knew it to be one of those classrooms that were never used regularly, and that it therefore had the slightly neglected feeling of a cupboard or storeroom. When he entered it right behind Ron, and found him\-self right in the middle of a forest clearing, he was therefore momen\-tarily stunned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What the \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The classroom floor had become springily mossy and trees were growing out of it; their leafy branches fanned across the ceiling and windows, so that the room was full of slanting shafts of soft, dappled, green light. The students who had already arrived were sitting on the earthy floor with their backs resting against tree trunks or boulders,\lang3081  \lang1033 arms wrapped around their knees or folded tightly across their chests, looking rather nervous. In the middle of the room, where there were no trees, stood Firenze.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter,\rdblquote  he said, holding out a hand when Harry entered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  hi,\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking hands with the centaur, who sur\-veyed him unblinkingly through those astonishingly blue eyes but did not smile. \ldblquote Er \emdash  good to see you \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you,\rdblquote  said the centaur, inclining his white-blond head. \ldblquote It was foretold that we would meet again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry noticed that there was the shadow of a hoof-shaped bruise on Firenze\rquote s chest. As he turned to join the rest of the class upon the floor, he saw that they were all looking at him with awe, apparently deeply impressed that he was on speaking terms with Firenze, whom they seemed to find intimidating.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When the door was closed and the last student had sat down upon a tree stump beside the wastepaper basket, Firenze gestured around the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore has kindly arranged this classroom for us,\rdblquote  said Firenze, when everyone had settled down, \ldblquote in imitation of my natural habitat. I would have preferred to teach you in the Forbidden Forest, which was \emdash  until Monday \emdash  my home \'85 but this is not possible.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please \emdash  er \emdash  sir \emdash\rdblquote  said Parvati breathlessly, raising her hand, \ldblquote why not? We\rquote ve been in there with Hagrid, we\rquote re not frightened!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is not a question of your bravery,\rdblquote  said Firenze, \ldblquote but of my po\-sition. I can no longer return to the forest. My herd has banished me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Herd?\rdblquote  said Lavender in a confused voice, and Harry knew she was thinking of cows. \ldblquote What \emdash  oh!\rdblquote  Comprehension dawned on her face. \ldblquote There are \i more of\lang3081  \lang1033 you\i0 ?\rdblquote  she said, stunned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did Hagrid breed you, like the thestrals?\rdblquote  asked Dean eagerly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Firenze turned his head very slowly to face Dean, who seemed to realize at once that he had said something very offensive.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t \emdash  I meant \emdash  sorry,\rdblquote  he finished in a hushed voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Centaurs are not the servants or playthings of humans,\rdblquote  said Firenze quietly. There was a pause, then Parvati raised her hand again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please, sir \'85 why have the other centaurs banished you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because I have agreed to work for Professor Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Firenze. \ldblquote They see this as a betrayal of our kind.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry remembered how, nearly four years ago, the centaur Bane had shouted at Firenze for allowing Harry to ride to safety upon his back, calling him a \ldblquote common mule.\rdblquote  He wondered whether it had been Bane who had kicked Firenze in the chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let us begin,\rdblquote  said Firenze. He swished his long palomino tail, raised his hand toward the leafy canopy overhead then lowered it slowly, and as he did so, the light in the room dimmed, so that they now seemed to be sitting in a forest clearing by twilight, and stars emerged upon the ceiling. There were \i oohs\i0  and gasps, and Ron said audibly, \ldblquote Blimey!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lie back upon the floor,\rdblquote  said Firenze in his calm voice, \ldblquote and ob\-serve the heavens. Here is written, for those who can see, the fortune of our races.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stretched out on his back and gazed upward at the ceiling. A twinkling red star winked at him from overhead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know that you have learned the names of the planets and their moons in Astronomy,\rdblquote  said Firenze\rquote s calm voice, \ldblquote and that you have mapped the stars\rquote  progress through the heavens. Centaurs have unrav\-eled the mysteries of these movements over centuries. Our findings teach us that the future may be glimpsed in the sky above us. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Trelawney did Astrology with us!\rdblquote  said Parvati excitedly, raising her hand in front of her so that it stuck up in the air as she lay on her back. \ldblquote Mars causes accidents and burns and things like that, and when it makes an angle to Saturn, like now\rdblquote  \emdash  she drew a right angle in the air above her \emdash  \ldblquote that means that people need to be extra careful when handling hot things \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That,\rdblquote  said Firenze calmly, \ldblquote is human nonsense.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Parvati\rquote s hand fell limply to her side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Trivial hurts, tiny human accidents,\rdblquote  said Firenze, as his hooves thudded over the mossy floor. \ldblquote These are of no more significance than the scurryings of ants to the wide universe, and are unaffected by planetary movements.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Trelawney \emdash\rdblquote  began Parvati, in a hurt and indignant voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  is a human,\rdblquote  said Firenze simply. \ldblquote And is therefore blinkered and fettered by the limitations of your kind.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned his head very slightly to look at Parvati. She looked very offended, as did several of the people surrounding her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sibyll Trelawney may have Seen, I do not know,\rdblquote  continued Firenze, and Harry heard the swishing of his tail again as he walked up and down before them, \ldblquote but she wastes her time, in the main, on the self-flattering nonsense humans call fortune-telling. I, however, am here to explain the wisdom of centaurs, which is impersonal and im\-partial. We watch the skies for the great tides of evil or change that are sometimes marked there. It may take ten years to be sure of what we are seeing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Firenze pointed to the red star directly above Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In the past decade, the indications have been that Wizard-kind is living through nothing more than a brief calm between two wars. Mars, bringer of battle, shines brightly above us, suggesting that the fight must break out again soon. How soon, centaurs may attempt to divine by the burning of certain herbs and leaves, by the observation of fume and flame. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was the most unusual lesson Harry had ever attended. They did indeed burn sage and mallowsweet there on the classroom floor, and Firenze told them to look for certain shapes and symbols in the pun\-gent fumes, but he seemed perfectly unconcerned that not one of them could see any of the signs he described, telling them that humans\lang3081  \lang1033 were hardly ever good at this, that it took centaurs years and years to become competent, and finished by telling them that it was foolish to put too much faith in such things anyway, because even centaurs sometimes read them wrongly. He was nothing like any human teacher Harry had ever had. His priority did not seem to be to teach them what he knew, but rather to impress upon them that nothing, not even centaurs\rquote  knowledge, was foolproof.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s not very definite on anything, is he?\rdblquote  said Ron in a low voice, as they put out their mallowsweet fire. \ldblquote I mean, I could do with a few more details about this war we\rquote re about to have, couldn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The bell rang right outside the classroom door and everyone jumped; Harry had completely forgotten that they were still inside the castle, quite convinced that he was really in the forest. The class filed out, looking slightly perplexed; Harry and Ron were on the point of following them when Firenze called, \ldblquote Harry Potter, a word, please.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned. The centaur advanced a little toward him. Ron hesitated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You may stay,\rdblquote  Firenze told him. \ldblquote But close the door, please.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron hastened to obey.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter, you are a friend of Hagrid\rquote s, are you not?\rdblquote  said the centaur.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then give him a warning from me. His attempt is not working. He would do better to abandon it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His attempt is not working?\rdblquote  Harry repeated blankly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And he would do better to abandon it,\rdblquote  said Firenze, nodding. \ldblquote I would warn Hagrid myself, but I am banished \emdash  it would be unwise for me to go too near the forest now \emdash  Hagrid has troubles enough, without a centaurs\rquote  battle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash  what\rquote s Hagrid attempting to do?\rdblquote  said Harry nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Firenze looked at Harry impassively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid has recently rendered me a great service,\rdblquote  said Firenze,\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote and he has long since earned my respect for the care he shows all liv\-ing creatures. I shall not betray his secret. But he must be brought to his senses. The attempt is not working. Tell him, Harry Potter. Good day to you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 The happiness Harry had felt in the aftermath of \i The Quibbler\i0  inter\-view had long since evaporated. As a dull March blurred into a squally April, his life seemed to have become one long series of worries and problems again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge had continued attending all Care of Magical Creatures lessons, so it had been very difficult to deliver Firenze\rquote s warning to Ha\-grid. At last Harry had managed it by pretending he had lost his copy of \i Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them\i0  and doubling back after class one day. When he passed on Firenze\rquote s message, Hagrid gazed at him for a moment through his puffy, blackened eyes, apparently taken aback. Then he seemed to pull himself together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice bloke, Firenze,\rdblquote  he said gruffly, \ldblquote but he don\rquote  know what he\rquote s talkin\rquote  abou\rquote  on this. The attemp\rquote s comin\rquote  on fine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, what\rquote re you up to?\rdblquote  asked Harry seriously. \ldblquote Because you\rquote ve got to be careful, Umbridge has already sacked Trelawney and if you ask me, she\rquote s on a roll. If you\rquote re doing anything you shouldn\rquote t be\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s things more importan\rquote  than keepin\rquote  a job,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, though his hands shook slightly as he said this and a basin full of knarl droppings crashed to the floor. \ldblquote Don\rquote  worry abou\rquote  me, Harry, jus\rquote  get along now, there\rquote s a good lad. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had no choice but to leave Hagrid mopping up the dung all over his floor, but he felt thoroughly dispirited as he trudged back up to the castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Meanwhile, as the teachers and Hermione persisted in reminding them, the O.W.L.s were drawing ever nearer. All the fifth years were suffering from stress to some degree, but Hannah Abbott became the\lang3081  \lang1033 first to receive a Calming Draught from Madam Pomfrey after she burst into tears during Herbology and sobbed that she was too stupid to take exams and wanted to leave school now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If it had not been for the D.A. lessons, Harry thought he would have been extremely unhappy. He sometimes felt that he was living for the hours he spent in the Room of Requirement, working hard but thoroughly enjoying himself at the same time, swelling with pride as he looked around at his fellow D.A. members and saw how far they had come. Indeed, Harry sometimes wondered how Umbridge was going to react when all the members of the D.A. received \ldblquote Outstand\-ing\rdblquote  in their Defense Against the Dark Arts O.W.L.s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had finally started work on Patronuses, which everybody had been very keen to practice, though as Harry kept reminding them, producing a Patronus in the middle of a brightly lit classroom when they were not under threat was very different to producing it when confronted by something like a dementor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, don\rquote t be such a killjoy,\rdblquote  said Cho brightly, watching her sil\-very swan-shaped Patronus soar around the Room of Requirement during their last lesson before Easter. \ldblquote They\rquote re so pretty!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re not supposed to be pretty, they\rquote re supposed to protect you,\rdblquote  said Harry patiently. \ldblquote What we really need is a boggart or some\-thing; that\rquote s how I learned, I had to conjure a Patronus while the bog\-gart was pretending to be a dementor \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But that would be really scary!\rdblquote  said Lavender, who was shooting puffs of silver vapor out of the end of her wand. \ldblquote And I still \emdash  can\rquote t \emdash  do it!\rdblquote  she added angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville was having trouble too. His face was screwed up in concen\-tration, but only feeble wisps of silver smoke issued from his wand tip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve got to think of something happy,\rdblquote  Harry reminded him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m trying,\rdblquote  said Neville miserably, who was trying so hard his round face was actually shining with sweat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I think I\rquote m doing it!\rdblquote  yelled Seamus, who had been\lang3081  \lang1033 brought along to his first ever D.A. meeting by Dean. \ldblquote Look \emdash  ah \emdash  it\rquote s gone. \'85 But it was definitely something hairy, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s Patronus, a shining silver otter, was gamboling around her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They \i are\i0  sort of nice, aren\rquote t they?\rdblquote  she said, looking at it fondly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door of the Room of Requirement opened and then closed again; Harry looked around to see who had entered, but there did not seem to be anybody there. It was a few moments before he realized that the people close to the door had fallen silent. Next thing he knew, something was tugging at his robes somewhere near the knee. He looked down and saw, to his very great astonishment, Dobby the house-elf peering up at him from beneath his usual eight hats.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Dobby!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote What are you \emdash  what\rquote s wrong?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For the elf\rquote s eyes were wide with terror and he was shaking. The members of the D.A. closest to Harry had fallen silent now: Every\-body in the room was watching Dobby. The few Patronuses people had managed to conjure faded away into silver mist, leaving the room looking much darker than before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter, sir \'85\rdblquote  squeaked the elf, trembling from head to foot, \ldblquote Harry Potter, sir \'85 Dobby has come to warn you \'85 but the house-elves have been warned not to tell\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He ran headfirst at the wall: Harry, who had some experience of Dobby\rquote s habits of self-punishment, made to seize him, but Dobby merely bounced off the stone, cushioned by his eight hats. Hermione and a few of the other girls let out squeaks of fear and sympathy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s happened, Dobby?\rdblquote  Harry asked, grabbing the elf\rquote s tiny arm and holding him away from anything with which he might seek to hurt himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter \'85 she \'85 she \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dobby hit himself hard on the nose with his free fist: Harry seized that too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s \lquote she,\rquote  Dobby?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he thought he knew \emdash  surely only one \ldblquote she\rdblquote  could induce such fear in Dobby? The elf looked up at him, slightly cross-eyed, and mouthed wordlessly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Umbridge?\rdblquote  asked Harry, horrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dobby nodded, then tried to bang his head off Harry\rquote s knees; Harry held him at bay.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about her? Dobby \emdash  she hasn\rquote t found out about this \emdash  about us \emdash  about the D.A.?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He read the answer in the elf\rquote s stricken face. His hands held fast by Harry, the elf tried to kick himself and fell to the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is she coming?\rdblquote  Harry asked quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dobby let out a howl, and began beating his bare feet hard on the floor. \ldblquote Yes, Harry Potter, yes!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry straightened up and looked around at the motionless, terri\-fied people gazing at the thrashing elf.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?\rdblquote  Harry bellowed. \ldblquote RUN!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all pelted toward the exit at once, forming a scrum at the door, then people burst through; Harry could hear them sprinting along the corridors and hoped they had the sense not to try and make it all the way to their dormitories. It was only ten to nine, if they just took refuge in the library or the Owlery, which were both nearer \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, come on!\rdblquote  shrieked Hermione from the center of the knot of people now fighting to get out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He scooped up Dobby, who was still attempting to do himself seri\-ous injury, and ran with the elf in his arms to join the back of the queue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby \emdash  this is an order \emdash  get back down to the kitchen with the other elves, and if she asks you whether you warned me, lie and say no!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote And I forbid you to hurt yourself!\rdblquote  he added, drop\-ping the elf as he made it over the threshold at last and slamming the door behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Harry Potter!\rdblquote  squeaked Dobby, and he streaked off.\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry glanced left and right, the others were all moving so fast that he caught only glimpses of flying heels at either end of the corridor be\-fore they vanished. He started to run right; there was a boys\rquote  bath\-room up ahead, he could pretend he\rquote d been in there all the time if he could just reach it \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote AAARGH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something caught him around the ankles and he fell spectacularly, skidding along on his front for six feet before coming to a halt. Some\-one behind him was laughing. He rolled over onto his back and saw Malfoy concealed in a niche beneath an ugly dragon-shaped vase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Trip Jinx, Potter!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Hey, Professor \emdash  PROFESSOR! I\rquote ve got one!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge came bustling around the far corner, breathless but wearing a delighted smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s him!\rdblquote  she said jubilantly at the sight of Harry on the floor. \ldblquote Ex\-cellent, Draco, excellent, oh, very good \emdash  fifty points to Slytherin! I\rquote ll take him from here. \'85 Stand up, Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry got to his feet, glaring at the pair of them. He had never seen Umbridge looking so happy. She seized his arm in a vicelike grip and turned, beaming broadly, to Malfoy. \ldblquote You hop along and see if you can round up anymore of them, Draco,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Tell the others to look in the library \emdash  anybody out of breath \emdash  check the bathrooms, Miss Parkinson can do the girls\rquote  ones \emdash  off you go \emdash  and you,\rdblquote  she added in her softest, most dangerous voice, as Malfoy walked away. \ldblquote You can come with me to the headmaster\rquote s office, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were at the stone gargoyle within minutes. Harry wondered how many of the others had been caught. He thought of Ron \emdash  Mrs. Weasley would kill him \emdash  and of how Hermione would feel if she was expelled before she could take her O.W.L.s. And it had been Sea\-mus\rquote s very first meeting \'85 and Neville had been getting so good. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fizzing Whizbee,\rdblquote  sang Umbridge, and the stone gargoyle jumped aside, the wall behind split open, and they ascended the moving stone\lang3081  \lang1033 staircase. They reached the polished door with the griffin knocker, but Umbridge did not bother to knock, she strode straight inside, still holding tight to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The office was full of people. Dumbledore was sitting behind his desk, his expression serene, the tips of his long fingers together. Pro\-fessor McGonagall stood rigidly beside him, her face extremely tense. Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic, was rocking backward and for\-ward on his toes beside the fire, apparently immensely pleased with the situation. Kingsley Shacklebolt and a tough-looking wizard Harry did not recognize with very short, wiry hair were positioned on either side of the door like guards, and the freckled, bespectacled form of Percy Weasley hovered excitedly beside the wall, a quill and a heavy scroll of parchment in his hands, apparently poised to take notes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The portraits of old headmasters and mistresses were not sham\-ming sleep tonight. All of them were watching what was happening below, alert and serious. As Harry entered, a few flitted into neigh\-boring frames and whispered urgently into their neighbors\rquote  ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled himself free of Umbridge\rquote s grasp as the door swung shut behind them. Cornelius Fudge was glaring at him with a kind of vicious satisfaction upon his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Well, well, well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry replied with the dirtiest look he could muster. His heart drummed madly inside him, but his brain was oddly cool and clear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was heading back to Gryffindor Tower,\rdblquote  said Umbridge. There was an indecent excitement in her voice, the same callous pleasure Harry had heard as she watched Professor Trelawney dissolving with misery in the entrance hall. \ldblquote The Malfoy boy cornered him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did he, did he?\rdblquote  said Fudge appreciatively. \ldblquote I must remember to tell Lucius. Well, Potter \'85 I expect you know why you are here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry fully intended to respond with a defiant \ldblquote yes\rdblquote : His mouth had opened and the word was half formed when he caught sight of\lang3081  \lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s face. Dumbledore was not looking directly at Harry; his eyes were fixed upon a point just over his shoulder, but as Harry stared at him, he shook his head a fraction of an inch to each side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry changed direction mid-word.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh \emdash  no.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I beg your pardon?\rdblquote  said Fudge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, firmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \i don\rquote t\i0  know why you are here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge looked incredulously from Harry to Professor Umbridge; Harry took advantage of his momentary inattention to steal another quick look at Dumbledore, who gave the carpet the tiniest of nods and the shadow of a wink.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you have no idea,\rdblquote  said Fudge in a voice positively sagging with sarcasm, \ldblquote why Professor Umbridge has brought you to this office? You are not aware that you have broken any school rules?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote School rules?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote No.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or Ministry decrees?\rdblquote  amended Fudge angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not that I\rquote m aware of,\rdblquote  said Harry blandly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His heart was still hammering very fast. It was almost worth telling these lies to watch Fudge\rquote s blood pressure rising, but he could not see how on earth he would get away with them. If somebody had tipped off Umbridge about the D.A. then he, the leader, might as well be packing his trunk right now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So it\rquote s news to you, is it,\rdblquote  said Fudge, his voice now thick with anger, \ldblquote that an illegal student organization has been discovered within this school?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, it is,\rdblquote  said Harry, hoisting an unconvincing look of innocent surprise onto his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think, Minister,\rdblquote  said Umbridge silkily from beside him, \ldblquote we might make better progress if I fetch our informant.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, yes, do,\rdblquote  said Fudge, nodding, and he glanced maliciously at Dumbledore as Umbridge left the room. \ldblquote There\rquote s nothing like a good witness, is there, Dumbledore?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing at all, Cornelius,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore gravely, inclining his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a wait of several minutes, in which nobody looked at each other, then Harry heard the door open behind him. Umbridge moved past him into the room, gripping by the shoulder Cho\rquote s curly-haired friend Marietta, who was hiding her face in her hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be scared, dear, don\rquote t be frightened,\rdblquote  said Professor Um\-bridge softly, patting her on the back, \ldblquote it\rquote s quite all right, now. You have done the right thing. The minister is very pleased with you. He\rquote ll be telling your mother what a good girl you\rquote ve been. Marietta\rquote s mother, Minister,\rdblquote  she added, looking up at Fudge, \ldblquote is Madam Edgecombe from the Department of Magical Transportation. Floo Network of\-fice \emdash  she\rquote s been helping us police the Hogwarts fires, you know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Jolly good, jolly good!\rdblquote  said Fudge heartily. \ldblquote Like mother, like daughter, eh? Well, come on, now, dear, look up, don\rquote t be shy, let\rquote s hear what you\rquote ve got to \emdash  galloping gargoyles!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Marietta raised her head, Fudge leapt backward in shock, nearly landing himself in the fire. He cursed and stamped on the hem of his cloak, which had started to smoke, and Marietta gave a wail and pulled the neck of her robes right up to her eyes, but not before the whole room had seen that her face was horribly disfigured by a series of close-set purple pustules that had spread across her nose and cheeks to form the word \ldblquote SNEAK.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never mind the spots now, dear,\rdblquote  said Umbridge impatiently, \ldblquote just take your robes away from your mouth and tell the Minister \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Marietta gave another muffled wail and shook her head frantically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, very well, you silly girl, \i I\rquote ll\i0  tell him,\rdblquote  snapped Umbridge. She hitched her sickly smile back onto her face and said, \ldblquote Well, Minister,\lang3081  \lang1033 Miss Edgecombe here came to my office shortly after dinner this evening and told me she had something she wanted to tell me. She said that if I proceeded to a secret room on the seventh floor, some\-times known as the Room of Requirement, I would find out some\-thing to my advantage. I questioned her a little further and she admitted that there was to be some kind of meeting there. Unfortu\-nately at that point this hex,\rdblquote  she waved impatiently at Marietta\rquote s con\-cealed face, \ldblquote came into operation and upon catching sight of her face in my mirror the girl became too distressed to tell me any more.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, now,\rdblquote  said Fudge, fixing Marietta with what he evidently imagined was a kind and fatherly look. \ldblquote It is very brave of you, my dear, coming to tell Professor Umbridge, you did exactly the right thing. Now, will you tell me what happened at this meeting? What was its purpose? Who was there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Marietta would not speak. She merely shook her head again, her eyes wide and fearful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Haven\rquote t we got a counterjinx for this?\rdblquote  Fudge asked Umbridge impatiently, gesturing at Marietta\rquote s face. \ldblquote So she can speak freely?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have not yet managed to find one,\rdblquote  Umbridge admitted grudg\-ingly, and Harry felt a surge of pride in Hermione\rquote s jinxing ability. \ldblquote But it doesn\rquote t matter if she won\rquote t speak, I can take up the story from here.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will remember, Minister, that I sent you a report back in Oc\-tober that Potter had met a number of fellow students in the Hog\rquote s Head in Hogsmeade \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what is your evidence for that?\rdblquote  cut in Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have testimony from Willy Widdershins, Minerva, who hap\-pened to be in the bar at the time. He was heavily bandaged, it is true, but his hearing was quite unimpaired,\rdblquote  said Umbridge smugly. \ldblquote He heard every word Potter said and hastened straight to the school to re\-port to me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, so \i that\rquote s\i0  why he wasn\rquote t prosecuted for setting up all those\lang3081  \lang1033 regurgitating toilets!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, raising her eye\-brows. \ldblquote What an interesting insight into our justice system!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blatant corruption!\rdblquote  roared the portrait of the corpulent, red-nosed wizard on the wall behind Dumbledore\rquote s desk. \ldblquote The Ministry did not cut deals with petty criminals in my day, no sir, they did not!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Fortescue, that will do,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore softly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The purpose of Potter\rquote s meeting with these students,\rdblquote  continued Professor Umbridge, \ldblquote was to persuade them to join an illegal society, whose aim was to learn spells and curses the Ministry has decided are inappropriate for school-age \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think you\rquote ll find you\rquote re wrong there, Dolores,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly, peering at her over the half-moon spectacles perched halfway down his crooked nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at him. He could not see how Dumbledore was going to talk him out of this one; if Willy Widdershins had indeed heard every word he said in the Hog\rquote s Head there was simply no escaping it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oho!\rdblquote  said Fudge, bouncing up and down on the balls of his feet again. \ldblquote Yes, do let\rquote s hear the latest cock-and-bull story designed to pull Potter out of trouble! Go on, then, Dumbledore, go on \emdash  Willy Widdershins was lying, was he? Or was it Potter\rquote s identical twin in the Hog\rquote s Head that day? Or is there the usual simple explanation involv\-ing a reversal of time, a dead man coming back to life, and a couple of invisible dementors?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Percy Weasley let out a hearty laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, very good, Minister, very good!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could have kicked him. Then he saw, to his astonishment, that Dumbledore was smiling gently too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cornelius, I do not deny \emdash  and nor, I am sure, does Harry \emdash  that he was in the Hog\rquote s Head that day, nor that he was trying to re\-cruit students to a Defense Against the Dark Arts group. I am merely pointing out that Dolores is quite wrong to suggest that such a group was, at that time, illegal. If you remember, the Ministry decree ban\-ning all student societies was not put into effect until two days after Harry\rquote s Hogsmeade meeting, so he was not breaking any rules in the Hog\rquote s Head at all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Percy looked as though he had been struck in the face by something very heavy. Fudge remained motionless in mid-bounce, his mouth hanging open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge recovered first.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s all very fine, Headmaster,\rdblquote  she said, smiling sweetly. \ldblquote But we are now nearly six months on from the introduction of Educational Decree Number Twenty-four. If the first meeting was not illegal, all those that have happened since most certainly are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, surveying her with polite interest over the top of his interlocked fingers, \ldblquote they certainly \i would\i0  be, if they \i had\i0  continued after the decree came into effect. Do you have any evidence that these meetings continued?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Dumbledore spoke, Harry heard a rustle behind him and rather thought Kingsley whispered something. He could have sworn too that he felt something brush against his side, a gentle something like a draft or bird wings, but looking down he saw nothing there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Evidence?\rdblquote  repeated Umbridge with that horrible wide toadlike smile. \ldblquote Have you not been listening, Dumbledore? Why do you think Miss Edgecombe is here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, can she tell us about six months\rquote  worth of meetings?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, raising his eyebrows. \ldblquote I was under the impression that she was merely reporting a meeting tonight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Miss Edgecombe,\rdblquote  said Umbridge at once, \ldblquote tell us how long these meetings have been going on, dear. You can simply nod or shake your head, I\rquote m sure that won\rquote t make the spots worse. Have they been hap\-pening regularly over the last six months?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a horrible plummeting in his stomach. This was it, they had hit a dead end of solid evidence that not even Dumbledore would be able to shift aside. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just nod or shake your head, dear,\rdblquote  Umbridge said coaxingly to Marietta. \ldblquote Come on, now, that won\rquote t activate the jinx further. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everyone in the room was gazing at the top of Marietta\rquote s face. Only her eyes were visible between the pulled up robes and her curly fringe. Perhaps it was a trick of the firelight, but her eyes looked oddly blank. And then \emdash  to Harry\rquote s utter amazement \emdash  Marietta shook her head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge looked quickly at Fudge and then back at Marietta.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think you understood the question, did you, dear? I\rquote m ask\-ing whether you\rquote ve been going to these meetings for the past six months? You have, haven\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Again, Marietta shook her head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean by shaking your head, dear?\rdblquote  said Umbridge in a testy voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would have thought her meaning was quite clear,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall harshly. \ldblquote There have been no secret meetings for the past six months. Is that correct, Miss Edgecombe?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Marietta nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But there was a meeting tonight!\rdblquote  said Umbridge furiously. \ldblquote There was a meeting, Miss Edgecombe, you told me about it, in the Room of Requirement! And Potter was the leader, was he not, Potter organized it, Potter \emdash  \i why are you shaking your head, girl\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, usually when a person shakes their head,\rdblquote  said McGonagall coldly, \ldblquote they mean \lquote no.\rquote  So unless Miss Edgecombe is using a form of sign language as yet unknown to humans \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge seized Marietta, pulled her around to face her, and began shaking her very hard. A split second later Dumbledore was on his feet, his wand raised. Kingsley started forward and Umbridge leapt back from Marietta, waving her hands in the air as though they had been burned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I cannot allow you to manhandle my students, Dolores,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and for the first time, he looked angry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You want to calm yourself, Madam Umbridge,\rdblquote  said Kingsley in\lang3081  \lang1033 his deep, slow voice. \ldblquote You don\rquote t want to get yourself into trouble now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Umbridge breathlessly, glancing up at the towering fig\-ure of Kingsley. \ldblquote I mean, yes \emdash  you\rquote re right, Shacklebolt \emdash  I \emdash  I forgot myself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Marietta was standing exactly where Umbridge had released her. She seemed neither perturbed by Umbridge\rquote s sudden attack, nor re\-lieved by her release. She was still clutching her robe up to her oddly blank eyes, staring straight ahead of her. A sudden suspicion con\-nected to Kingsley\rquote s whisper and the thing he had felt shoot past him sprang into Harry\rquote s mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dolores,\rdblquote  said Fudge, with the air of trying to settle something once and for all, \ldblquote the meeting tonight \emdash  the one we know definitely happened \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, pulling herself together, \ldblquote yes \'85 well, Miss Edgecombe tipped me off and I proceeded at once to the seventh floor, accompanied by certain \i trustworthy\i0  students, so as to catch those in the meeting red-handed. It appears that they were forewarned of my arrival, however, because when we reached the seventh floor they were running in every direction. It does not matter, however. I have all their names here, Miss Parkinson ran into the Room of Re\-quirement for me to see if they had left anything behind. \'85 We needed evidence and the room provided \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And to Harry\rquote s horror, she withdrew from her pocket the list of names that had been pinned upon the Room of Requirement\rquote s wall and handed it to Fudge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The moment I saw Potter\rquote s name on the list, I knew what we were dealing with,\rdblquote  she said softly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent,\rdblquote  said Fudge, a smile spreading across his face. \ldblquote Excel\-lent, Dolores. And \'85 by thunder \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked up at Dumbledore, who was still standing beside Mari\-etta, his wand held loosely in his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See what they\rquote ve named themselves?\rdblquote  said Fudge quietly. \ldblquote\i Dum\-bledore\rquote s Army.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore reached out and took the piece of parchment from Fudge. He gazed at the heading scribbled by Hermione months be\-fore and for a moment seemed unable to speak. Then he looked up, smiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, the game is up,\rdblquote  he said simply. \ldblquote Would you like a written confession from me, Cornelius \emdash  or will a statement before these witnesses suffice?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw McGonagall and Kingsley look at each other. There was fear in both faces. He did not understand what was going on, and nei\-ther, apparently, did Fudge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Statement?\rdblquote  said Fudge slowly. \ldblquote What \emdash  I don\rquote t \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s Army, Cornelius,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, still smiling as he waved the list of names before Fudge\rquote s face. \ldblquote Not Potter\rquote s Army. \i Dumbledore\rquote s Army.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 but\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Understanding blazed suddenly in Fudge\rquote s face. He took a horrified step backward, yelped, and jumped out of the fire again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You?\rdblquote  he whispered, stamping again on his smoldering cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore pleasantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You organized this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You recruited these students for \emdash  for your army?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tonight was supposed to be the first meeting,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, nodding. \ldblquote Merely to see whether they would be interested in joining me. I see now that it was a mistake to invite Miss Edgecombe, of course.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Marietta nodded. Fudge looked from her to Dumbledore, his chest swelling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then you \i have\i0  been plotting against me!\rdblquote  he yelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore cheerfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO!\rdblquote  shouted Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kingsley flashed a look of warning at him, McGonagall widened her eyes threateningly, but it had suddenly dawned upon Harry what Dumbledore was about to do, and he could not let it happen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  Professor Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Be quiet, Harry, or I am afraid you will have to leave my office,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, shut up, Potter!\rdblquote  barked Fudge, who was still ogling Dumble\-dore with a kind of horrified delight. \ldblquote Well, well, well \emdash  I came here tonight expecting to expel Potter and instead \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Instead you get to arrest me,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling. \ldblquote It\rquote s like losing a Knut and finding a Galleon, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Weasley!\rdblquote  cried Fudge, now positively quivering with delight, \ldblquote Weasley, have you written it all down, everything he\rquote s said, his con\-fession, have you got it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir, I think so, sir!\rdblquote  said Percy eagerly, whose nose was splat\-tered with ink from the speed of his note-taking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The bit about how he\rquote s been trying to build up an army against the Ministry, how he\rquote s been working to destabilize me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir, I\rquote ve got it, yes!\rdblquote  said Percy, scanning his notes joyfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well, then,\rdblquote  said Fudge, now radiant with glee. \ldblquote Duplicate your notes, Weasley, and send a copy to the \i Daily Prophet\i0  at once. If we send a fast owl we should make the morning edition!\rdblquote  Percy dashed from the room, slamming the door behind him, and Fudge turned back to Dumbledore. \ldblquote You will now be escorted back to the Ministry, where you will be formally charged and then sent to Azka\-ban to await trial!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore gently, \ldblquote yes. Yes, I thought we might hit that little snag.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snag?\rdblquote  said Fudge, his voice still vibrating with joy. \ldblquote I see no snag, Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore apologetically, \ldblquote I\rquote m afraid I do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh really?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  it\rquote s just that you seem to be laboring under the delusion that I am going to \emdash  what is the phrase? \lquote Come quietly\rquote  I am afraid I am not going to come quietly at all, Cornelius. I have absolutely no intention of being sent to Azkaban. I could break out, of course \emdash  but what a waste of time, and frankly, I can think of a whole host of things I would rather be doing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge\rquote s face was growing steadily redder, she looked as though she was being filled with boiling water. Fudge stared at Dumbledore with a very silly expression on his face, as though he had just been stunned by a sudden blow and could not quite believe it had hap\-pened. He made a small choking noise and then looked around at Kingsley and the man with short gray hair, who alone of everyone in the room had remained entirely silent so far. The latter gave Fudge a reassuring nod and moved forward a little, away from the wall. Harry saw his hand drift, almost casually, toward his pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be silly, Dawlish,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore kindly. \ldblquote I\rquote m sure you are an excellent Auror, I seem to remember that you achieved \lquote Out\-standing\rquote  in all your N.E.W.T.s, but if you attempt to \emdash  er \emdash  \lquote bring me in\rquote  by force, I will have to hurt you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The man called Dawlish blinked, looking rather foolish. He looked toward Fudge again, but this time seemed to be hoping for a clue as to what to do next.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  sneered Fudge, recovering himself, \ldblquote you intend to take on Dawlish, Shacklebolt, Dolores, and myself single-handed, do you, Dumbledore?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Merlin\rquote s beard, no,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling. \ldblquote Not unless you are foolish enough to force me to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He will not be single-handed!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall loudly, plunging her hand inside her robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes he will, Minerva!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore sharply. \ldblquote Hogwarts needs you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Enough of this rubbish!\rdblquote  said Fudge, pulling out his own wand. \ldblquote Dawlish! Shacklebolt! \i Take him\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A streak of silver light flashed around the room. There was a bang like a gunshot, and the floor trembled. A hand grabbed the scruff of Harry\rquote s neck and forced him down on the floor as a second silver flash went off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  several of the portraits yelled, Fawkes screeched, and a cloud of dust filled the air. Coughing in the dust, Harry saw a dark fig\-ure fall to the ground with a crash in front of him. There was a shriek and a thud and somebody cried, \ldblquote No!\rdblquote  Then the sound of breaking glass, frantically scuffling footsteps, a groan \emdash  and silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry struggled around to see who was half-strangling him and saw Professor McGonagall crouched beside him. She had forced both him and Marietta out of harm\rquote s way. Dust was still floating gently down through the air onto them. Panting slightly, Harry saw a very tall fig\-ure moving toward them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you all right?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, getting up and dragging Harry and Marietta with her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dust was clearing. The wreckage of the office loomed into view: Dumbledore\rquote s desk had been overturned, all of the spindly ta\-bles had been knocked to the floor, their silver instruments in pieces. Fudge, Umbridge, Kingsley, and Dawlish lay motionless on the floor. Fawkes the phoenix soared in wide circles above them, singing softly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Unfortunately, I had to hex Kingsley too, or it would have looked very suspicious,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore in a low voice. \ldblquote He was remark\-ably quick on the uptake, modifying Miss Edgecombe\rquote s memory like that while everyone was looking the other way \emdash  thank him for me, won\rquote t you, Minerva?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, they will all awake very soon and it will be best if they do not know that we had time to communicate \emdash  you must act as though no time has passed, as though they were merely knocked to the ground, they will not remember \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where will you go, Dumbledore?\rdblquote  whispered Professor McGona\-gall. \ldblquote Grimmauld Place?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore with a grim smile. \ldblquote I am not leaving to go into hiding. Fudge will soon wish he\rquote d never dislodged me from Hogwarts, I promise you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore \'85\rdblquote  Harry began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not know what to say first: how sorry he was that he had started the D.A. in the first place and caused all this trouble, or how terrible he felt that Dumbledore was leaving to save him from expul\-sion? But Dumbledore cut him off before he could say another word.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen to me, Harry,\rdblquote  he said urgently, \ldblquote you must study Occlu\-mency as hard as you can, do you understand me? Do everything Pro\-fessor Snape tells you and practice it particularly every night before sleeping so that you can close your mind to bad dreams \emdash  you will understand why soon enough, but you must promise me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The man called Dawlish was stirring. Dumbledore seized Harry\rquote s wrist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remember \emdash  close your mind \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But as Dumbledore\rquote s fingers closed over Harry\rquote s skin, a pain shot through the scar on his forehead, and he felt again that terrible, snake\-like longing to strike Dumbledore, to bite him, to hurt him \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  you will understand,\rdblquote  whispered Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fawkes circled the office and swooped low over him. Dumbledore released Harry, raised his hand, and grasped the phoenix\rquote s long golden tail. There was a flash of fire and the pair of them had gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where is he?\rdblquote  yelled Fudge, pushing himself up from the ground. \ldblquote\i Where is he\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know!\rdblquote  shouted Kingsley, also leaping to his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, he can\rquote t have Disapparated!\rdblquote  cried Umbridge. \ldblquote You can\rquote t in\-side this school \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The stairs!\rdblquote  cried Dawlish, and he flung himself upon the door, wrenched it open, and disappeared, followed closely by Kingsley and\lang3081  \lang1033 Umbridge. Fudge hesitated, then got to his feet slowly, brushing dust from his front. There was a long and painful silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Minerva,\rdblquote  said Fudge nastily, straightening his torn shirt\-sleeve, \ldblquote I\rquote m afraid this is the end of your friend Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think so, do you?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall scornfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge seemed not to hear her. He was looking around at the wrecked office. A few of the portraits hissed at him; one or two even made rude hand gestures.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d better get those two off to bed,\rdblquote  said Fudge, looking back at Professor McGonagall with a dismissive nod toward Harry and Marietta.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She said nothing, but marched Harry and Marietta to the door. As it swung closed behind them, Harry heard Phineas Nigellus\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know, Minister, I disagree with Dumbledore on many counts \'85 but you cannot deny he\rquote s got style. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 28\par
\pard\qc Snape\rquote s Worst Memory\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\pard\qc\emdash   \fs20 BY ORDER OF\fs24   \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The\lang3081  Ministry of Magic\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
Dolores Jane Umbridge (High Inquisitor) has replaced Al\-bus Dumbledore as Head of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.\lang3081\par
\pard\qc\lang1033\i The above is in accordance with\par
Educational Decree Number Twenty-eight.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0 Signed:\par
Cornelius Oswald Fudge\par
\fs20 MINISTER OF MAGIC\lang3081\par
\fs24\par
\lang1033 The notices had gone up all over the school overnight, but they did not explain how every single person within the castle seemed to know\lang3081  \lang1033 that Dumbledore had overcome two Aurors, the High Inquisitor, the Minister of Magic, and his Junior Assistant to escape. No matter where Harry went within the castle next day, the sole topic of conver\-sation was Dumbledore\rquote s flight, and though some of the details might have gone awry in the retelling (Harry overheard one second-year girl assuring another that Fudge was now lying in St. Mungo\rquote s with a pumpkin for a head), it was surprising how accurate the rest of their information was. Everybody seemed aware, for instance, that Harry and Marietta were the only students to have witnessed the scene in Dumbledore\rquote s office, and as Marietta was now in the hospital wing, Harry found himself besieged with requests to give a firsthand ac\-count wherever he went.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore will be back before long,\rdblquote  said Ernie Macmillan con\-fidently on the way back from Herbology after listening intently to Harry\rquote s story. \ldblquote They couldn\rquote t keep him away in our second year and they won\rquote t be able to this time. The Fat Friar told me \'85\rdblquote  He dropped his voice conspiratorially, so that Harry, Ron, and Hermione had to lean closer to him to hear, \ldblquote\'85 that Umbridge tried to get back into his office last night after they\rquote d searched the castle and grounds for him. Couldn\rquote t get past the gargoyle. The Head\rquote s office has sealed itself against her.\rdblquote  Ernie smirked. \ldblquote Apparently she had a right little tantrum. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I expect she really fancied herself sitting up there in the Head\rquote s office,\rdblquote  said Hermione viciously, as they walked up the stone steps into the entrance hall. \ldblquote Lording it over all the other teachers, the stupid puffed-up, power-crazy old \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, do you \i really\i0  want to finish that sentence, Granger?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Draco Malfoy had slid out from behind the door, followed by Crabbe and Goyle. His pale, pointed face was alight with malice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Afraid I\rquote m going to have to dock a few points from Gryffindor and Hufflepuff,\rdblquote  he drawled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s only teachers that can dock points from Houses, Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Ernie at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, we\rquote re prefects too, remember?\rdblquote  snarled Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know \i prefects\i0  can\rquote t dock points, Weasel King,\rdblquote  sneered Malfoy; Crabbe and Goyle sniggered. \ldblquote But members of the Inquisitorial Squad \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The \i what\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Inquisitorial Squad, Granger,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, pointing toward a tiny silver I upon his robes just beneath his prefect\rquote s badge. \ldblquote A select group of students who are supportive of the Ministry of Magic, hand-picked by Professor Umbridge. Anyway, members of the Inquisitorial Squad \i do\i0  have the power to dock points. \'85 So, Granger, I\rquote ll have five from you for being rude about our new headmistress. \'85 Macmillan, five for contradicting me. \'85 Five because I don\rquote t like you, Potter \'85 Weasley, your shirt\rquote s untucked, so I\rquote ll have another five for that. \'85 Oh yeah, I forgot, you\rquote re a Mudblood, Granger, so ten for that. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron pulled out his wand, but Hermione pushed it away, whisper\-ing, \ldblquote Don\rquote t!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wise move, Granger,\rdblquote  breathed Malfoy. \ldblquote New Head, new times \'85 Be good now, Potty \'85 Weasel King \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He strode away, laughing heartily with Crabbe and Goyle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was bluffing,\rdblquote  said Ernie, looking appalled. \ldblquote He can\rquote t be al\-lowed to dock points \'85 that would be ridiculous. \'85 It would com\-pletely undermine the prefect system. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry, Ron, and Hermione had turned automatically toward the giant hourglasses set in niches along the wall behind them, which recorded the House points. Gryffindor and Ravenclaw had been neck and neck in the lead that morning. Even as they watched, stones flew upward, reducing the amounts in the lower bulbs. In fact, the only glass that seemed unchanged was the emerald-filled one of Slytherin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Noticed, have you?\rdblquote  said Fred\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and George had just come down the marble staircase and joined Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ernie in front of the hourglasses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy just docked us all about fifty points,\rdblquote  said Harry furiously,\lang3081  \lang1033 as they watched several more stones fly upward from the Gryffindor hourglass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, Montague tried to do us during break,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean, \lquote tried\rquote ?\rdblquote  said Ron quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He never managed to get all the words out,\rdblquote  said Fred, \ldblquote due to the fact that we forced him headfirst into that Vanishing Cabinet on the first floor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked very shocked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you\rquote ll get into terrible trouble!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not until Montague reappears, and that could take weeks, I dunno where we sent him,\rdblquote  said Fred coolly. \ldblquote Anyway \'85 we\rquote ve de\-cided we don\rquote t care about getting into trouble anymore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you ever?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course we have,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Never been expelled, have we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve always known where to draw the line,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We might have put a toe across it occasionally,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But we\rquote ve always stopped short of causing real mayhem,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But now?\rdblquote  said Ron tentatively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, now \emdash\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  what with Dumbledore gone \emdash\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  we reckon a bit of mayhem \emdash\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  is exactly what our dear new Head deserves,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mustn\rquote t!\rdblquote  whispered Hermione. \ldblquote You really mustn\rquote t! She\rquote d love a reason to expel you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t get it, Hermione, do you?\rdblquote  said Fred, smiling at her. \ldblquote We don\rquote t care about staying anymore. We\rquote d walk out right now if we weren\rquote t determined to do our bit for Dumbledore first. So anyway,\rdblquote  he checked his watch, \ldblquote phase one is about to begin. I\rquote d get in the Great Hall for lunch if I were you, that way the teachers will see you can\rquote t have had anything to do with it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anything to do with what?\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll see,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Run along, now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George turned away and disappeared in the swelling crowd descending the stairs toward lunch. Looking highly discon\-certed, Ernie muttered something about unfinished Transfiguration homework and scurried away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we \i should\i0  get out of here, you know,\rdblquote  said Hermione ner\-vously. \ldblquote Just in case \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, all right,\rdblquote  said Ron, and the three of them moved toward the doors to the Great Hall, but Harry had barely glimpsed today\rquote s ceiling of scudding white clouds when somebody tapped him on the shoul\-der and, turning, he found himself almost nose to nose with Filch, the caretaker. He took several hasty steps backward; Filch was best viewed at a distance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The headmistress would like to see you, Potter,\rdblquote  he leered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t do it,\rdblquote  said Harry stupidly, thinking of whatever Fred and George were planning. Filch\rquote s jowls wobbled with silent laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Guilty conscience, eh?\rdblquote  he wheezed. \ldblquote Follow me. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced back at Ron and Hermione, who were both looking worried. He shrugged and followed Filch back into the entrance hall, against the tide of hungry students.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Filch seemed to be in an extremely good mood; he hummed creak\-ily under his breath as they climbed the marble staircase. As they reached the first landing he said, \ldblquote Things are changing around here, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve noticed,\rdblquote  said Harry coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yerse \'85 I\rquote ve been telling Dumbledore for years and years he\rquote s too soft with you all,\rdblquote  said Filch, chuckling nastily. \ldblquote You filthy little beasts would never have dropped Stinkpellets if you\rquote d known I had it in my power to whip you raw, would you, now? Nobody would have thought of throwing Fanged Frisbees down the corridors if I could\rquote ve strung you up by the ankles in my office, would they? But when Edu\-cational Decree Twenty-nine comes in, Potter, I\rquote ll be allowed to do\lang3081  \lang1033 them things. \'85 \i And\i0  she\rquote s asked the Minister to sign an order for the expulsion of Peeves. \'85 Oh, things are going to be very different around here with \i her\i0  in charge. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge had obviously gone to some lengths to get Filch on her side, Harry thought, and the worst of it was that he would probably prove an important weapon; his knowledge of the school\rquote s secret pas\-sageways and hiding places was probably second only to the Weasley twins.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here we are,\rdblquote  he said, leering down at Harry as he rapped three times upon Professor Umbridge\rquote s door and pushed it open. \ldblquote The Pot\-ter boy to see you, ma\rquote am.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge\rquote s office, so very familiar to Harry from his many deten\-tions, was the same as usual except for the large wooden block lying across the front of her desk on which golden letters spelled the word HEADMISTRESS; also his Firebolt, and Fred\rquote s and George\rquote s Clean-sweeps, which he saw with a pang were now chained and padlocked to a stout iron peg in the wall behind the desk. Umbridge was sitting be\-hind the desk, busily scribbling upon some of her pink parchment, but looked up and smiled widely at their entrance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Argus,\rdblquote  she said sweetly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not at all, ma\rquote am, not at all,\rdblquote  said Filch, bowing as low as his rheumatism would permit, and exiting backward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sit,\rdblquote  said Umbridge curtly, pointing toward a chair, and Harry sat. She continued to scribble for a few moments. He watched some of the foul kittens gamboling around the plates over her head, wondering what fresh horror she had in store for him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well now,\rdblquote  she said finally, setting down her quill and looking like a toad about to swallow a particularly juicy fly. \ldblquote What would you like to drink?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry, quite sure he had misheard her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To drink, Mr. Potter,\rdblquote  she said, smiling still more widely. \ldblquote Tea? Coffee? Pumpkin juice?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As she named each drink, she gave her short wand a wave, and a cup or glass of it appeared upon her desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing, thank you,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wish you to have a drink with me,\rdblquote  she said, her voice becoming more dangerously sweet. \ldblquote Choose one.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine \'85 tea then,\rdblquote  said Harry, shrugging.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She got up and made quite a performance of adding milk with her back to him. She then bustled around the desk with it, smiling in sin\-isterly sweet fashion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There,\rdblquote  she said, handing it to him. \ldblquote Drink it before it gets cold, won\rquote t you? Well, now, Mr. Potter \'85 I thought we ought to have a lit\-tle chat, after the distressing events of last night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He said nothing. She settled herself back into her seat and waited. When several long moments had passed in silence, she said gaily, \ldblquote You\rquote re not drinking up!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He raised the cup to his lips and then, just as suddenly, lowered it. One of the horrible painted kittens behind Umbridge had great round blue eyes just like Mad-Eye Moody\rquote s magical one, and it had just oc\-curred to Harry what Mad-Eye would say if he ever heard that Harry had drunk anything offered by a known enemy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote  said Umbridge, who was still watching him. \ldblquote Do you want sugar?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He raised the cup to his lips again and pretended to take a sip, though keeping his mouth tightly closed. Umbridge\rquote s smile widened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  she whispered. \ldblquote Very good. Now then \'85\rdblquote  She leaned forward a little. \ldblquote\i Where is Albus Dumbledore\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  said Harry promptly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Drink up, drink up,\rdblquote  she said, still smiling. \ldblquote Now, Mr. Potter, let us not play childish games. I know that you know where he has gone. You and Dumbledore have been in this together from the beginning. Consider your position, Mr. Potter. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know where he is.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pretended to drink again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, looking displeased. \ldblquote In that case, you will kindly tell me the whereabouts of Sirius Black.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s stomach turned over and his hand holding the teacup shook so that the cup rattled in its saucer. He tilted the cup to his mouth with his lips pressed together, so that some of the hot liquid trickled down onto his robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  he said a little too quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Potter,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, \ldblquote let me remind you that it was I who almost caught the criminal Black in the Gryffindor fire in October. I know perfectly well it was you he was meeting and if I had had any proof neither of you would be at large today, I promise you. I repeat, Mr. Potter \'85 Where is Sirius Black?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  said Harry loudly. \ldblquote Haven\rquote t got a clue.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They stared at each other so long that Harry felt his eyes watering. Then she stood up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well, Potter, I will take your word for it this time, but be warned: The might of the Ministry stands behind me. All channels of communication in and out of this school are being monitored. A Floo Network Regulator is keeping watch over every fire in Hogwarts \emdash  except my own, of course. My Inquisitorial Squad is opening and reading all owl post entering and leaving the castle. And Mr. Filch is observing all secret passages in and out of the castle. If I find a shred of evidence \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i BOOM!\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 The very floor of the office shook; Umbridge slipped sideways, clutching her desk for support, looking shocked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was gazing toward the door; Harry took the opportunity to empty his almost full cup of tea into the nearest vase of dried flowers. He could hear people running and screaming several floors below.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Back to lunch with you, Potter!\rdblquote  cried Umbridge, raising her wand and dashing out of the office. Harry gave her a few seconds\rquote  start then hurried after her to see what the source of all the uproar was.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was not difficult to find. One floor down, pandemonium reigned. Somebody (and Harry had a very shrewd idea who) had set off what seemed to be an enormous crate of enchanted fireworks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dragons comprised entirely of green-and-gold sparks were soaring up and down the corridors, emitting loud fiery blasts and bangs as they went. Shocking-pink Catherine wheels five feet in diameter were whizzing lethally through the air like so many flying saucers. Rockets with long tails of brilliant silver stars were ricocheting off the walls. Sparklers were writing swearwords in midair of their own accord. Fire\-crackers were exploding like mines everywhere Harry looked, and in\-stead of burning themselves out, fading from sight, or fizzling to a halt, these pyrotechnical miracles seemed to be gaining in energy and momentum the longer he watched.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Filch and Umbridge were standing, apparently transfixed with hor\-ror, halfway down the stairs. As Harry watched, one of the larger Catherine wheels seemed to decide that what it needed was more room to maneuver; it whirled toward Umbridge and Filch with a sin\-ister \i wheeeeeeeeee.\i0  Both adults yelled with fright and ducked and it soared straight out of the window behind them and off across the grounds. Meanwhile, several of the dragons and a large purple bat that was smoking ominously took advantage of the open door at the end of the corridor to escape toward the second floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hurry, Filch, hurry!\rdblquote  shrieked Umbridge. \ldblquote They\rquote ll be all over the school unless we do something \emdash  \i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A jet of red light shot out of the end of her wand and hit one of the rockets. Instead of freezing in midair, it exploded with such force that it blasted a hole in a painting of a soppy-looking witch in the middle of a meadow \emdash  she ran for it just in time, reappearing seconds later\lang3081  \lang1033 squashed into the painting next door, where a couple of wizards play\-ing cards stood up hastily to make room for her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t Stun them, Filch!\rdblquote  shouted Umbridge angrily, for all the world as though it had been his suggestion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right you are, Headmistress!\rdblquote  wheezed Filch, who was a Squib and could no more have Stunned the fireworks than swallowed them. He dashed to a nearby cupboard, pulled out a broom, and began swat\-ting at the fireworks in midair; within seconds the head of the broom was ablaze.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had seen enough. Laughing, he ducked down low, ran to a door he knew was concealed behind a tapestry a little way along the corridor and slipped through it to find Fred and George hiding just behind it, listening to Umbridge\rquote s and Filch\rquote s yells and quaking with suppressed mirth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Impressive,\rdblquote  Harry said quietly, grinning. \ldblquote Very impressive \'85 You\rquote ll put Dr. Filibuster out of business, no problem. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cheers,\rdblquote  whispered George, wiping tears of laughter from his face. \ldblquote Oh, I hope she tries Vanishing them next. \'85 They multiply by ten every time you try. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The fireworks continued to burn and to spread all over the school that afternoon. Though they caused plenty of disruption, particularly the firecrackers, the other teachers did not seem to mind them very much.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dear, dear,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall sardonically, as one of the dragons soared around her classroom, emitting loud bangs and exhal\-ing flame. \ldblquote Miss Brown, would you mind running along to the head\-mistress and informing her that we have an escaped firework in our classroom?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The upshot of it all was that Professor Umbridge spent her first af\-ternoon as headmistress running all over the school answering the summonses of the other teachers, none of whom seemed able to rid\lang3081  \lang1033 their rooms of the fireworks without her. When the final bell rang and the students were heading back to Gryffindor Tower with their bags, Harry saw, with immense satisfaction, a disheveled and soot-blackened Umbridge tottering sweaty-faced from Professor Flitwick\rquote s classroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you so much, Professor!\rdblquote  said Professor Flitwick in his squeaky little voice. \ldblquote I could have got rid of the sparklers myself, of course, but I wasn\rquote t sure whether I had the \i authority. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Beaming, he closed his classroom door in her snarling face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George were heroes that night in the Gryffindor common room. Even Hermione fought her way through the excited crowd around them to congratulate them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They were wonderful fireworks,\rdblquote  she said admiringly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said George, looking both surprised and pleased. \ldblquote Weasleys\rquote  Wildfire Whiz-Bangs. Only thing is, we used our whole stock, we\rquote re going to have to start again from scratch now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was worth it, though,\rdblquote  said Fred, who was taking orders from clamoring Gryffindors. \ldblquote If you want to add your name to the waiting list, Hermione, it\rquote s five Galleons for your Basic Blaze box and twenty for the Deflagration Deluxe. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione returned to the table where Harry and Ron were sitting staring at their schoolbags as though hoping their homework might spring out of it and start doing itself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, why don\rquote t we have a night off?\rdblquote  said Hermione brightly, as a silver-tailed Weasley rocket zoomed past the window. \ldblquote After all, the Easter holidays start on Friday, we\rquote ll have plenty of time then. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you feeling all right?\rdblquote  Ron asked, staring at her in disbelief.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now you mention it,\rdblquote  said Hermione happily, \ldblquote d\rquote you know \'85 I think I\rquote m feeling a bit\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 \i rebellious.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could still hear the distant \i bangs\i0  of escaped firecrackers when he and Ron went up to bed an hour later, and as he got undressed a sparkler floated past the tower, still resolutely spelling out the word POO.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He got into bed, yawning. With his glasses off, the occasional fire-work still passing the window became blurred, looking like sparkling clouds, beautiful and mysterious against the black sky. He turned onto his side, wondering how Umbridge was feeling about her first day in Dumbledore\rquote s job, and how Fudge would react when he heard that the school had spent most of the day in a state of advanced dis\-ruption. \'85 Smiling to himself, he closed his eyes. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The whizzes and bangs of escaped fireworks in the grounds seemed to be growing more distant\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 or perhaps he, Harry, was simply speeding away from them. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had fallen right into the corridor leading to the Department of Mysteries. He was speeding toward the plain black door. \'85 \i Let it open. \'85 Let it open. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 It did. He was inside the circular room lined with doors. \'85 He crossed it, placed his hand upon an identical door, and it swung inward. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Now he was in a long, rectangular room full of an odd, mechanical clicking. There were dancing flecks of light on the walls but he did not pause to investigate. \'85 He had to go on. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a door at the far end. \'85 It too opened at his touch. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now he was in a dimly lit room as high and wide as a church, full of nothing but rows and rows of towering shelves, each laden with small, dusty, spun-glass spheres. \'85 Now Harry\rquote s heart was beating fast with excitement. \'85 He knew where to go. \'85 He ran forward, but his footsteps made no noise in the enormous, deserted room. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was something in this room he wanted very, very much. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something he wanted. \'85 or somebody else wanted. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His scar was hurting. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i BANG! \i0 Harry awoke instantly, confused and angry. The dark dor\-mitory was full of the sound of laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cool!\rdblquote  said Seamus, who was silhouetted against the window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think one of those Catherine wheels hit a rocket and it\rquote s like they mated, come and see!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry heard Ron and Dean scramble out of bed for a better look. He lay quite still and silent while the pain in his scar subsided and dis\-appointment washed over him. He felt as though a wonderful treat had been snatched from him at the very last moment. \'85 He had got so close that time. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Glittering, pink-and-silver winged piglets were now soaring past the windows of Gryffindor Tower. Harry lay and listened to the ap\-preciative whoops of Gryffindors in the dormitories below them. His stomach gave a sickening jolt as he remembered that he had Occlu\-mency the following evening. \'85\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry spent the whole of the next day dreading what Snape was going to say if he found out how much farther into the Department of Mys\-teries he had penetrated during his last dream. With a surge of guilt he realized that he had not practiced Occlumency once since their last lesson: There had been too much going on since Dumbledore had left. He was sure he would not have been able to empty his mind even if he had tried. He doubted, however, whether Snape would accept that excuse. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He attempted a little last-minute practice during classes that day, but it was no good, Hermione kept asking him what was wrong whenever he fell silent trying to rid himself of all thought and emo\-tion and, after all, the best moment to empty his brain was not while teachers were firing review questions at the class.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Resigned to the worst, he set off for Snape\rquote s office after dinner. Halfway across the entrance hall, however, Cho came hurrying up to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Over here,\rdblquote  said Harry, glad of a reason to postpone his meeting with Snape and beckoning her across to the corner of the entrance hall where the giant hourglasses stood. Gryffindor\rquote s was now almost\lang3081  \lang1033 empty. \ldblquote Are you okay? Umbridge hasn\rquote t been asking you about the D.A., has she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no,\rdblquote  said Cho hurriedly. \ldblquote No, it was only\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Well, I just wanted to say\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Harry, I never dreamed Marietta would tell. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well,\rdblquote  said Harry moodily. He did feel Cho might have cho\-sen her friends a bit more carefully. It was small consolation that the last he had heard, Marietta was still up in the hospital wing and Madam Pomfrey had not been able to make the slightest improve\-ment to her pimples.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s a lovely person really,\rdblquote  said Cho. \ldblquote She just made a mistake \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at her incredulously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i A lovely person who made a mistake\i0 ? She sold us all out, including you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 we all got away, didn\rquote t we?\rdblquote  said Cho pleadingly. \ldblquote You know, her mum works for the Ministry, it\rquote s really difficult for her \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron\rquote s dad works for the Ministry too!\rdblquote  Harry said furiously. \ldblquote And in case you hadn\rquote t noticed, he hasn\rquote t got \lquote sneak\rquote  written across \i his \i0 face \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was a really horrible trick of Hermione Granger\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Cho fiercely. \ldblquote She should have told us she\rquote d jinxed that list \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think it was a brilliant idea,\rdblquote  said Harry coldly. Cho flushed and her eyes grew brighter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, I forgot \emdash  of course, if it was darling \i Hermione\rquote s\i0  idea \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t start crying again,\rdblquote  said Harry warningly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wasn\rquote t going to!\rdblquote  she shouted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 good,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got enough to cope with at the moment.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go and cope with it then!\rdblquote  she said furiously, turning on her heel and stalking off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fuming, Harry descended the stairs to Snape\rquote s dungeon, and though he knew from experience how much easier it would be for\lang3081  \lang1033 Snape to penetrate his mind if he arrived angry and resentful, he suc\-ceeded in nothing but thinking of a few more good things he should have said to Cho about Marietta before reaching the dungeon door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re late, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape coldly, as Harry closed the door be\-hind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape was standing with his back to Harry, removing, as usual, cer\-tain of his thoughts and placing them carefully in Dumbledore\rquote s Pen\-sieve. He dropped the last silvery strand into the stone basin and turned to face Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Have you been practicing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  Harry lied, looking carefully at one of the legs of Snape\rquote s desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we\rquote ll soon find out, won\rquote t we?\rdblquote  said Snape smoothly. \ldblquote Wand out, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry moved into his usual position, facing Snape with the desk between them. His heart was pumping fast with anger at Cho and anxiety about how much Snape was about to extract from his mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote On the count of three then,\rdblquote  said Snape lazily. \ldblquote One \emdash  two \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape\rquote s office door banged open and Draco Malfoy sped in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Snape, sir \emdash  oh \emdash  sorry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy was looking at Snape and Harry in some surprise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all right, Draco,\rdblquote  said Snape, lowering his wand. \ldblquote Potter is here for a little Remedial Potions.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had not seen Malfoy look so gleeful since Umbridge had turned up to inspect Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t know,\rdblquote  he said, leering at Harry, who knew his face was burning. He would have given a great deal to be able to shout the truth at Malfoy \emdash  or, even better, to hit him with a good curse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Draco, what is it?\rdblquote  asked Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Professor Umbridge, sir \emdash  she needs your help,\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote They\rquote ve found Montague, sir. He\rquote s turned up jammed inside a toilet on the fourth floor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did he get in there?\rdblquote  demanded Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know, sir, he\rquote s a bit confused. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well, very well \emdash  Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape, \ldblquote we shall resume this lesson tomorrow evening instead.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned and swept from his office. Malfoy mouthed \ldblquote\i Remedial Potions\i0 ?\rdblquote  at Harry behind Snape\rquote s back before following him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seething, Harry replaced his wand inside his robes and made to leave the room. At least he had twenty-four more hours in which to practice; he knew he ought to feel grateful for the narrow escape, though it was hard that it came at the expense of Malfoy telling the whole school that he needed Remedial Potions. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was at the office door when he saw it: a patch of shivering light dancing on the door frame. He stopped, looking at it, reminded of something. \'85 Then he remembered: It was a little like the lights he had seen in his dream last night, the lights in the second room he had walked through on his journey through the Department of Mysteries.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned around. The light was coming from the Pensieve sitting on Snape\rquote s desk. The silver-white contents were ebbing and swirling within. Snape\rquote s thoughts \'85 things he did not want Harry to see if he broke through Snape\rquote s defenses accidentally. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry gazed at the Pensieve, curiosity welling inside him. \'85 What was it that Snape was so keen to hide from Harry?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The silvery lights shivered on the wall. \'85 Harry took two steps to\-ward the desk, thinking hard. Could it possibly be information about the Department of Mysteries that Snape was determined to keep from him?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked over his shoulder, his heart now pumping harder and faster than ever. How long would it take Snape to release Montague from the toilet? Would he come straight back to his office afterward, or accompany Montague to the hospital wing? Surely the latter \'85 Montague was Captain of the Slytherin Quidditch team, Snape would want to make sure he was all right. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry walked the remaining few feet to the Pensieve and stood over it, gazing into its depths. He hesitated, listening, then pulled out his wand again. The office and the corridor beyond were completely silent. He gave the contents of the Pensieve a small prod with the end of his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The silvery stuff within began to swirl very fast. Harry leaned for\-ward over it and saw that it had become transparent. He was, once again, looking down into a room as though through a circular win\-dow in the ceiling. \'85 In fact, unless he was much mistaken, he was looking down upon the Great Hall. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His breath was actually fogging the surface of Snape\rquote s thoughts. \'85 His brain seemed to be in limbo. \'85 It would be insane to do the thing that he was so strongly tempted to do. \'85 He was trembling. \'85 Snape could be back at any moment\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but Harry thought of Cho\rquote s anger, of Malfoy\rquote s jeering face, and a reckless daring seized him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He took a great gulp of breath and plunged his face into the surface of Snape\rquote s thoughts. At once, the floor of the office lurched, tipping Harry headfirst into the Pensieve. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was falling through cold blackness, spinning furiously as he went, and then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was standing in the middle of the Great Hall, but the four House tables were gone. Instead there were more than a hundred smaller tables, all facing the same way, at each of which sat a student, head bent low, scribbling on a roll of parchment. The only sound was the scratching of quills and the occasional rustle as somebody adjusted their parchment. It was clearly exam time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sunshine was streaming through the high windows onto the bent heads, which shone chestnut and copper and gold in the bright light. Harry looked around carefully. Snape had to be here somewhere. \'85 This was \i his\i0  memory. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And there he was, at a table right behind Harry. Harry stared. Snape-the-teenager had a stringy, pallid look about him, like a plant\lang3081  \lang1033 kept in the dark. His hair was lank and greasy and was flopping onto the table, his hooked nose barely half an inch from the surface of the parchment as he scribbled. Harry moved around behind Snape and read the heading of the examination paper:\par
\par
\pard\qc DEFENSE AGAINST THE DARK ARTS\lang3081  \emdash\par
\lang1033 ORDINARY WIZARDING LEVEL\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
So Snape had to be fifteen or sixteen, around Harry\rquote s own age. His hand was flying across the parchment; he had written at least a foot more than his closest neighbors, and yet his writing was minuscule and cramped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Five more minutes!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The voice made Harry jump; turning, he saw the top of Professor Flitwick\rquote s head moving between the desks a short distance away. Pro\-fessor Flitwick was walking past a boy with untidy black hair \'85 very untidy black hair. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry moved so quickly that, had he been solid, he would have knocked desks flying. Instead he seemed to slide, dreamlike, across two aisles and up a third. The back of the black-haired boy\rquote s head drew nearer and nearer. \'85 He was straightening up now, putting down his quill, pulling his roll of parchment toward him so as to reread what he had written. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stopped in front of the desk and gazed down at his fifteen-year-old father.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Excitement exploded in the pit of his stomach: It was as though he was looking at himself but with deliberate mistakes. James\rquote s eyes were hazel, his nose was slightly longer than Harry\rquote s, and there was no scar on his forehead, but they had the same thin face, same mouth, same eyebrows. James\rquote s hair stuck up at the back exactly as Harry\rquote s did, his hands could have been Harry\rquote s, and Harry could tell that when James stood up, they would be within an inch of each other\rquote s heights.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 James yawned hugely and rumpled up his hair, making it even\lang3081  \lang1033 messier than it had been. Then, with a glance toward Professor Flitwick, he turned in his seat and grinned at a boy sitting four seats behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With another shock of excitement, Harry saw Sirius give James the thumbs-up. Sirius was lounging in his chair at his ease, tilting it back on two legs. He was very good-looking; his dark hair fell into his eyes with a sort of casual elegance neither James\rquote s nor Harry\rquote s could ever have achieved, and a girl sitting behind him was eyeing him hopefully, though he didn\rquote t seem to have noticed. And two seats along from this girl \emdash  Harry\rquote s stomach gave another pleasurable squirm \emdash  was Re\-mus Lupin. He looked rather pale and peaky (was the full moon ap\-proaching?) and was absorbed in the exam: As he reread his answers he scratched his chin with the end of his quill, frowning slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 So that meant Wormtail had to be around here somewhere too \'85 and sure enough, Harry spotted him within seconds: a small, mousy-haired boy with a pointed nose. Wormtail looked anxious; he was chewing his fingernails, staring down at his paper, scuffing the ground with his toes. Every now and then he glanced hopefully at his neigh\-bor\rquote s paper. Harry stared at Wormtail for a moment, then back at James, who was now doodling on a bit of scrap parchment. He had drawn a Snitch and was now tracing the letters L. E. What did they stand for?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quills down, please!\rdblquote  squeaked Professor Flitwick. \ldblquote That means you too, Stebbins! Please remain seated while I collect your parch\-ment! \i Accio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 More than a hundred rolls of parchment zoomed into the air and into Professor Flitwick\rquote s outstretched arms, knocking him backward off his feet. Several people laughed. A couple of students at the front desks got up, took hold of Professor Flitwick beneath the elbows, and lifted him onto his feet again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you \'85 thank you,\rdblquote  panted Professor Flitwick. \ldblquote Very well, everybody, you\rquote re free to go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down at his father, who had hastily crossed out the L. E. he had been embellishing, jumped to his feet, stuffed his quill and the exam question paper into his bag, which he slung over his back, and stood waiting for Sirius to join him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around and glimpsed Snape a short way away, mov\-ing between the tables toward the doors into the entrance hall, still absorbed in his own examination paper. Round-shouldered yet angu\-lar, he walked in a twitchy manner that recalled a spider, his oily hair swinging about his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A gang of chattering girls separated Snape from James and Sirius, and by planting himself in the midst of this group, Harry managed to keep Snape in sight while straining his ears to catch the voices of James and his friends.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you like question ten, Moony?\rdblquote  asked Sirius as they emerged into the entrance hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Loved it,\rdblquote  said Lupin briskly. \ldblquote  \lquote Give five signs that identify the werewolf.\rquote  Excellent question.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you think you managed to get all the signs?\rdblquote  said James in tones of mock concern.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Think I did,\rdblquote  said Lupin seriously, as they joined the crowd throng\-ing around the front doors eager to get out into the sunlit grounds. \ldblquote One: He\rquote s sitting on my chair. Two: He\rquote s wearing my clothes. Three: His name\rquote s Remus Lupin \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wormtail was the only one who didn\rquote t laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I got the snout shape, the pupils of the eyes, and the tufted tail,\rdblquote  he said anxiously, \ldblquote but I couldn\rquote t think what else \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How thick are you, Wormtail?\rdblquote  said James impatiently. \ldblquote You run round with a werewolf once a month \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Keep your voice down,\rdblquote  implored Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked anxiously behind him again. Snape remained close by, still buried in his examination questions; but this was Snape\rquote s memory, and Harry was sure that if Snape chose to wander off in a\lang3081  \lang1033 different direction once outside in the grounds, he, Harry, would not be able to follow James any farther. To his intense relief, however, when James and his three friends strode off down the lawn toward the lake, Snape followed, still poring over the paper and apparently with no fixed idea of where he was going. By jogging a little ahead of him, Harry managed to maintain a close watch on James and the others.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I thought that paper was a piece of cake,\rdblquote  he heard Sirius say. \ldblquote I\rquote ll be surprised if I don\rquote t get Outstanding on it at least.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Me too,\rdblquote  said James. He put his hand in his pocket and took out a struggling Golden Snitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote d you get that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nicked it,\rdblquote  said James casually. He started playing with the Snitch, allowing it to fly as much as a foot away and seizing it again; his re\-flexes were excellent. Wormtail watched him in awe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They stopped in the shade of the very same beech tree on the edge of the lake where Harry, Ron, and Hermione had spent a Sunday fin\-ishing their homework, and threw themselves down on the grass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked over his shoulder yet again and saw, to his delight, that Snape had settled himself on the grass in the dense shadows of a clump of bushes. He was as deeply immersed in the O.W.L. paper as ever, which left Harry free to sit down on the grass between the beech and the bushes and watch the foursome under the tree.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sunlight was dazzling on the smooth surface of the lake, on the bank of which the group of laughing girls who had just left the Great Hall were sitting with shoes and socks off, cooling their feet in the water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin had pulled out a book and was reading. Sirius stared around at the students milling over the grass, looking rather haughty and bored, but very handsomely so. James was still playing with the Snitch, letting it zoom farther and farther away, almost escaping but always grabbed at the last second. Wormtail was watching him with his mouth open. Every time James made a particularly difficult catch,\lang3081  \lang1033 Wormtail gasped and applauded. After five minutes of this, Harry wondered why James didn\rquote t tell Wormtail to get a grip on himself, but James seemed to be enjoying the attention. Harry noticed his father had a habit of rumpling up his hair as though to make sure it did not get too tidy, and also that he kept looking over at the girls by the wa\-ter\rquote s edge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Put that away, will you?\rdblquote  said Sirius finally, as James made a fine catch and Wormtail let out a cheer. \ldblquote Before Wormtail wets himself from excitement.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wormtail turned slightly pink but James grinned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If it bothers you,\rdblquote  he said, stuffing the Snitch back in his pocket. Harry had the distinct impression that Sirius was the only one for whom James would have stopped showing off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m bored,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote Wish it was full moon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You might,\rdblquote  said Lupin darkly from behind his book. \ldblquote We\rquote ve still got Transfiguration, if you\rquote re bored you could test me. \'85 Here.\rdblquote  He held out his book.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius snorted. \ldblquote I don\rquote t need to look at that rubbish, I know it all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This\rquote ll liven you up, Padfoot,\rdblquote  said James quietly. \ldblquote Look who it is. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius\rquote s head turned. He had become very still, like a dog that has scented a rabbit.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent,\rdblquote  he said softly. \ldblquote\i Snivellus.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned to see what Sirius was looking at.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape was on his feet again, and was stowing the O.W.L. paper in his bag. As he emerged from the shadows of the bushes and set off across the grass, Sirius and James stood up. Lupin and Wormtail re\-mained sitting: Lupin was still staring down at his book, though his eyes were not moving and a faint frown line had appeared between his eyebrows. Wormtail was looking from Sirius and James to Snape with a look of avid anticipation on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, Snivellus?\rdblquote  said James loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape reacted so fast it was as though he had been expecting an at\-tack: Dropping his bag, he plunged his hand inside his robes, and his wand was halfway into the air when James shouted, \ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape\rquote s wand flew twelve feet into the air and fell with a little thud in the grass behind him. Sirius let out a bark of laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Impedimenta\i0 !\rdblquote  he said, pointing his wand at Snape, who was knocked off his feet, halfway through a dive toward his own fallen wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Students all around had turned to watch. Some of them had gotten to their feet and were edging nearer to watch. Some looked apprehen\-sive, others entertained.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape lay panting on the ground. James and Sirius advanced on him, wands up, James glancing over his shoulder at the girls at the wa\-ter\rquote s edge as he went. Wormtail was on his feet now, watching hun\-grily, edging around Lupin to get a clearer view.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote d the exam go, Snivelly?\rdblquote  said James.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was watching him, his nose was touching the parchment,\rdblquote  said Sirius viciously. \ldblquote There\rquote ll be great grease marks all over it, they won\rquote t be able to read a word.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Several people watching laughed; Snape was clearly unpopular. Wormtail sniggered shrilly. Snape was trying to get up, but the jinx was still operating on him; he was struggling, as though bound by in\-visible ropes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  wait,\rdblquote  he panted, staring up at James with an expression of purest loathing. \ldblquote You \emdash  wait. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait for what?\rdblquote  said Sirius coolly. \ldblquote What\rquote re you going to do, Sniv\-elly, wipe your nose on us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape let out a stream of mixed swearwords and hexes, but his wand being ten feet away nothing happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wash out your mouth,\rdblquote  said James coldly. \ldblquote\i Scourgify\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pink soap bubbles streamed from Snape\rquote s mouth at once; the froth was covering his lips, making him gag, choking him \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Leave him ALONE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 James and Sirius looked around. James\rquote s free hand jumped to his hair again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was one of the girls from the lake edge. She had thick, dark red hair that fell to her shoulders and startlingly green almond-shaped eyes \emdash  Harry\rquote s eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s mother \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, Evans?\rdblquote  said James, and the tone of his voice was sud\-denly pleasant, deeper, more mature.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Leave him alone,\rdblquote  Lily repeated. She was looking at James with every sign of great dislike. \ldblquote What\rquote s he done to you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said James, appearing to deliberate the point, \ldblquote it\rquote s more the fact that he \i exists,\i0  if you know what I mean. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Many of the surrounding watchers laughed, Sirius and Wormtail included, but Lupin, still apparently intent on his book, didn\rquote t, and neither did Lily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think you\rquote re funny,\rdblquote  she said coldly. \ldblquote But you\rquote re just an arro\-gant, bullying toerag, Potter. Leave him \i alone.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I will if you go out with me, Evans,\rdblquote  said James quickly. \ldblquote Go on \'85 Go out with me, and I\rquote ll never lay a wand on old Snivelly again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Behind him, the Impediment Jinx was wearing off. Snape was be\-ginning to inch toward his fallen wand, spitting out soapsuds as he crawled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t go out with you if it was a choice between you and the giant squid,\rdblquote  said Lily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bad luck, Prongs,\rdblquote  said Sirius briskly, turning back to Snape. \ldblquote OY!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But too late; Snape had directed his wand straight at James; there was a flash of light and a gash appeared on the side of James\rquote s face, spattering his robes with blood. James whirled about; a second flash of light later, Snape was hanging upside down in the air, his robes falling over his head to reveal skinny, pallid legs and a pair of graying underpants.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Many people in the small crowd watching cheered. Sirius, James, and Wormtail roared with laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lily, whose furious expression had twitched for an instant as though she was going to smile, said, \ldblquote Let him down!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly,\rdblquote  said James and he jerked his wand upward. Snape fell into a crumpled heap on the ground. Disentangling himself from his robes, he got quickly to his feet, wand up, but Sirius said, \ldblquote\i Petrificus Totalus\i0 !\rdblquote  and Snape keeled over again at once, rigid as a board.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote LEAVE HIM ALONE!\rdblquote  Lily shouted. She had her own wand out now. James and Sirius eyed it warily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, Evans, don\rquote t make me hex you,\rdblquote  said James earnestly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take the curse off him, then!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 James sighed deeply, then turned to Snape and muttered the countercurse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There you go,\rdblquote  he said, as Snape struggled to his feet again, \ldblquote you\rquote re lucky Evans was here, Snivellus \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t need help from filthy little Mudbloods like her!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lily blinked. \ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  she said coolly. \ldblquote I won\rquote t bother in future. And I\rquote d wash your pants if I were you, \i Snivellus.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Apologize to Evans!\rdblquote  James roared at Snape, his wand pointed threateningly at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want \i you\i0  to make him apologize,\rdblquote  Lily shouted, rounding on James. \ldblquote You\rquote re as bad as he is. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  yelped James. \ldblquote I\rquote d NEVER call you a \emdash  you-know-what!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Messing up your hair because you think it looks cool to look like you\rquote ve just got off your broomstick, showing off with that stupid Snitch, walking down corridors and hexing anyone who annoys you just because you can \emdash  I\rquote m surprised your broomstick can get off the ground with that fat head on it. You make me SICK.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She turned on her heel and hurried away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Evans!\rdblquote  James shouted after her, \ldblquote Hey, EVANS!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But she didn\rquote t look back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it with her?\rdblquote  said James, trying and failing to look as though this was a throwaway question of no real importance to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Reading between the lines, I\rquote d say she thinks you\rquote re a bit conceited, mate,\rdblquote  said Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said James, who looked furious now, \ldblquote right \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was another flash of light, and Snape was once again hang\-ing upside down in the air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who wants to see me take off Snivelly\rquote s pants?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But whether James really did take off Snape\rquote s pants, Harry never found out. A hand had closed tight over his upper arm, closed with a pincerlike grip. Wincing, Harry looked around to see who had hold of him, and saw, with a thrill of horror, a fully grown, adult-sized Snape standing right beside him, white with rage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Having fun?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt himself rising into the air. The summer\rquote s day evaporated around him, he was floating upward through icy blackness, Snape\rquote s hand still tight upon his upper arm. Then, with a swooping feeling as though he had turned head over heels in midair, his feet hit the stone floor of Snape\rquote s dungeon, and he was standing again beside the Pen\-sieve on Snape\rquote s desk in the shadowy, present-day Potions master\rquote s study.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Snape, gripping Harry\rquote s arm so tightly Harry\rquote s hand was starting to feel numb. \ldblquote\i So\i0  \'85 been enjoying yourself, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote N-no \'85\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to free his arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was scary: Snape\rquote s lips were shaking, his face was white, his teeth were bared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Amusing man, your father, wasn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Snape, shaking Harry so hard that his glasses slipped down his nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  didn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape threw Harry from him with all his might. Harry fell hard onto the dungeon floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will not tell anybody what you saw!\rdblquote  Snape bellowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, getting to his feet as far from Snape as he could. \ldblquote No, of course I w \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get out, get out, I don\rquote t want to see you in this office ever again!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And as Harry hurtled toward the door, a jar of dead cockroaches exploded over his head. He wrenched the door open and flew away up the corridor, stopping only when he had put three floors between himself and Snape. There he leaned against the wall, panting, and rubbing his bruised arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had no desire at all to return to Gryffindor Tower so early, nor to tell Ron and Hermione what he had just seen. What was making Harry feel so horrified and unhappy was not being shouted at or hav\-ing jars thrown at him \emdash  it was that he knew how it felt to be humil\-iated in the middle of a circle of onlookers, knew exactly how Snape had felt as his father had taunted him, and that judging from what he had just seen, his father had been every bit as arrogant as Snape had al\-ways told him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 29\par
\pard\qc Career Advice\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote But why haven\rquote t you got Occlumency lessons anymore?\rdblquote  said Her\-mione, frowning.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve \i told\i0  you,\rdblquote  Harry muttered. \ldblquote Snape reckons I can carry on by myself now I\rquote ve got the basics. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you\rquote ve stopped having funny dreams?\rdblquote  said Hermione skepti\-cally.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pretty much,\rdblquote  said Harry, not looking at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t think Snape should stop until you\rquote re absolutely sure you can control them!\rdblquote  said Hermione indignantly. \ldblquote Harry, I think you should go back to him and ask \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry forcefully. \ldblquote Just drop it, Hermione, okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was the first day of the Easter holidays and Hermione, as was her custom, had spent a large part of the day drawing up study schedules for the three of them. Harry and Ron had let her do it \emdash  it was easier than arguing with her and, in any case, they might come in useful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had been startled to discover that there were only six weeks left until their exams.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How can that come as a shock?\rdblquote  Hermione demanded, as she tapped each little square on Ron\rquote s schedule with her wand so that it flashed a different color according to its subject.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno \'85\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote there\rquote s been a lot going on. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, there you are,\rdblquote  she said, handing him his schedule, \ldblquote if you follow that you should do fine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked down it gloomily, but then brightened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve given me an evening off every week!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s for Quidditch practice,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The smile faded from Ron\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s the point?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got about as much chance of winning the Quidditch Cup this year as Dad\rquote s got of becoming Min\-ister of Magic. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione said nothing. She was looking at Harry, who was staring blankly at the opposite wall of the common room while Crookshanks pawed at his hand, trying to get his ears scratched.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  he said quickly. \ldblquote Nothing \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He seized his copy of \i Defensive Magical Theory\i0  and pretended to be looking something up in the index. Crookshanks gave him up as a bad job and slunk away under Hermione\rquote s chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw Cho earlier,\rdblquote  said Hermione tentatively, \ldblquote and she looked re\-ally miserable too. \'85 Have you two had a row again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wha \emdash  oh yeah, we have,\rdblquote  said Harry, seizing gratefully on the excuse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That sneak friend of hers, Marietta,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, I don\rquote t blame you!\rdblquote  said Ron angrily, setting down his study schedule. \ldblquote If it hadn\rquote t been for her \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron went into a rant about Marietta Edgecombe, which Harry found helpful. All he had to do was look angry, nod, and say \ldblquote yeah\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 and \ldblquote that\rquote s right\rdblquote  whenever Ron drew breath, leaving his mind free to dwell, ever more miserably, on what he had seen in the Pensieve.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt as though the memory of it was eating him from inside. He had been so sure that his parents had been wonderful people that he never had the slightest difficulty in disbelieving Snape\rquote s aspersions on his father\rquote s character. Hadn\rquote t people like Hagrid and Sirius \i told\i0  Harry how wonderful his father had been? (\i Yeah, well, look what Sirius was like himself,\i0  said a nagging voice inside Harry\rquote s head. \'85 \i He was as bad, wasn\rquote t he\i0 ?) Yes, he had once overheard Professor McGonagall saying that his father and Sirius had been troublemak\-ers at school, but she had described them as forerunners of the Weasley twins, and Harry could not imagine Fred and George dan\-gling someone upside down for the fun of it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 not unless they re\-ally loathed them \'85 Perhaps Malfoy, or somebody who really deserved it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tried to make a case for Snape having deserved what he had suffered at James\rquote s hands \emdash  but hadn\rquote t Lily asked, \ldblquote What\rquote s he done to you?\rdblquote  And hadn\rquote t James replied, \ldblquote It\rquote s more the fact that he \i exists,\i0  if you know what I mean?\rdblquote  Hadn\rquote t James started it all simply because Sirius said he was bored? Harry remembered Lupin saying back in Grim\-mauld Place that Dumbledore had made him prefect in the hope that he would be able to exercise some control over James and Sirius. \'85 But in the Pensieve, he had sat there and let it all happen. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry reminded himself that Lily had intervened; his mother had been decent, yet the memory of the look on her face as she had shouted at James disturbed him quite as much as anything else. She had clearly loathed James and Harry simply could not understand how they could have ended up married. Once or twice he even won\-dered whether James had forced her into it. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For nearly five years the thought of his father had been a source of comfort, of inspiration. Whenever someone had told him he was like\lang3081  \lang1033 James he had glowed with pride inside. And now \'85 now he felt cold and miserable at the thought of him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The weather grew breezier, brighter, and warmer as the holidays passed, but Harry was stuck with the rest of the fifth and seventh years, who were all trapped inside, traipsing back and forth to the li\-brary. Harry pretended that his bad mood had no other cause but the approaching exams, and as his fellow Gryffindors were sick of study\-ing themselves, his excuse went unchallenged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote m talking to you, can you hear me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Huh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around. Ginny Weasley, looking very windswept, had joined him at the library table where he had been sitting alone. It was late on Sunday evening; Hermione had gone back to Gryffindor Tower to review Ancient Runes; Ron had Quidditch practice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh hi,\rdblquote  said Harry, pulling his books back toward him. \ldblquote How come you\rquote re not at practice?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s over,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote Ron had to take Jack Sloper up to the hos\-pital wing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we\rquote re not sure, but we \i think\i0  he knocked himself out with his own bat.\rdblquote  She sighed heavily. \ldblquote Anyway \'85 a package just arrived, it\rquote s only just got through Umbridge\rquote s new screening process. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She hoisted a box wrapped in brown paper onto the table; it had clearly been unwrapped and carelessly rewrapped, and there was a scribbled note across it in red ink, reading inspected and passed by\lang3081  \lang1033 the hogwarts high inquisitor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Easter eggs from Mum,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote There\rquote s one for you. \'85 There you go. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She handed him a handsome chocolate egg decorated with small, iced Snitches and, according to the packaging, containing a bag of Fizzing Whizbees. Harry looked at it for a moment, then, to his hor\-ror, felt a hard lump rise in his throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you okay, Harry?\rdblquote  asked Ginny quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I\rquote m fine,\rdblquote  said Harry gruffly. The lump in his throat was painful. He did not understand why an Easter egg should have made him feel like this.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You seem really down lately,\rdblquote  Ginny persisted. \ldblquote You know, I\rquote m sure if you just \i talked\i0  to Cho \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not Cho I want to talk to,\rdblquote  said Harry brusquely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who is it, then?\rdblquote  asked Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He glanced around to make quite sure that nobody was listening; Madam Pince was several shelves away, stamping out a pile of books for a frantic-looking Hannah Abbott.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wish I could talk to Sirius,\rdblquote  he muttered. \ldblquote But I know I can\rquote t.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 More to give himself something to do than because he really wanted any, Harry unwrapped his Easter egg, broke off a large bit, and put it into his mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Ginny slowly, helping herself to a bit of egg too, \ldblquote if you really want to talk to Sirius, I expect we could think of a way to do it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on,\rdblquote  said Harry hopelessly. \ldblquote With Umbridge policing the fires and reading all our mail?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The thing about growing up with Fred and George,\rdblquote  said Ginny thoughtfully, \ldblquote is that you sort of start thinking anything\rquote s possible if you\rquote ve got enough nerve.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at her. Perhaps it was the effect of the chocolate \emdash  Lupin had always advised eating some after encounters with demen\-tors \emdash  or simply because he had finally spoken aloud the wish that had been burning inside him for a week, but he felt a bit more hopeful. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh damn,\rdblquote  whispered Ginny, jumping to her feet. \ldblquote I forgot \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Pince was swooping down upon them, her shriveled face contorted with rage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Chocolate in the library\i0 !\rdblquote  she screamed. \ldblquote Out \emdash  \i out\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash  OUT!\rdblquote\par
And whipping out her wand, she caused Harry\rquote s books, bag, and ink bottle to chase him and Ginny from the library, whacking them repeatedly over the head as they ran.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 As though to underline the importance of their upcoming examina\-tions, a batch of pamphlets, leaflets, and notices concerning various Wizarding careers appeared on the tables in Gryffindor Tower shortly before the end of the holidays, along with yet another notice on the board, which read:\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 CAREER ADVICE\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 All fifth years will be required to attend a short meeting with their Head of House during the first week of the Sum\-mer term, in which they will be given the opportunity to discuss their future careers. Times of individual appoint\-ments are listed below.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down the list and found that he was expected in Pro\-fessor McGonagall\rquote s office at half-past two on Monday, which would mean missing most of Divination. He and the other fifth years spent a considerable part of the final weekend of the Easter break reading all the career information that had been left there for their perusal.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t fancy Healing,\rdblquote  said Ron on the last evening of the holidays. He was immersed in a leaflet that carried the crossed bone-and-wand emblem of St. Mungo\rquote s on its front. \ldblquote It says here you need at least an E at N.E.W.T. level in Potions, Herbology, Transfiguration, Charms, and Defense Against the Dark Arts. I mean \'85 blimey. \'85 Don\rquote t want much, do they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s a very responsible job, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Hermione absently. She was poring over a bright pink-and-orange leaflet that was headed\lang3081  \lang1033 SO YOU THINK YOU\rquote D LIKE TO WORK IN MUGGLE RELATIONS? \ldblquote You don\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033 seem to need many qualifications to liaise with Muggles. \'85 All they want is an O.W.L. in Muggle Studies. \'85\lang3081  \lang1033\lquote\i Much more important is your enthusiasm, patience, and a good sense of fun\i0 !\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d need more than a good sense of fun to liaise with my uncle,\rdblquote  said Harry darkly. \ldblquote Good sense of when to duck, more like \'85\rdblquote  He was halfway through a pamphlet on Wizard banking. \ldblquote Listen to this:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Are\lang3081  \lang1033 you seeking a challenging career involving travel, adventure, and substantial, danger-related treasure bonuses? Then consider a position with Gringotts Wizarding Bank, who are currently recruiting Curse-Breakers for thrilling opportunities abroad. \'85\i0\rquote\i  \i0 They want Arithmancy, though. \'85 You could do it, Hermione!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t much fancy banking,\rdblquote  said Hermione vaguely, now im\-mersed in HAVE YOU GOT WHAT IT TAKES TO TRAIN SECURITY TROLLS?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey,\rdblquote  said a voice in Harry\rquote s ear. He looked around; Fred and George had come to join them. \ldblquote Ginny\rquote s had a word with us about you,\rdblquote  said Fred, stretching out his legs on the table in front of them and causing several booklets on careers with the Ministry of Magic to slide off onto the floor. \ldblquote She says you need to talk to Sirius?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply, freezing with her hand halfway toward picking up MAKE A BANG AT THE DEPARTMENT OF MAGICAL ACCIDENTS AND CATASTROPHES.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to sound casual, \ldblquote yeah, I thought I\rquote d like\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be so ridiculous,\rdblquote  said Hermione, straightening up and looking at him as though she could not believe her eyes. \ldblquote With Um\-bridge groping around in the fires and frisking all the owls?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we think we can find a way around that,\rdblquote  said George, stretching and smiling. \ldblquote It\rquote s a simple matter of causing a diversion. Now, you might have noticed that we have been rather quiet on the mayhem front during the Easter holidays?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was the point, we asked ourselves, of disrupting leisure time?\rdblquote  continued Fred. \ldblquote No point at all, we answered ourselves. And\lang3081  \lang1033 of course, we\rquote d have messed up people\rquote s studying too, which would be the very last thing we\rquote d want to do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gave Hermione a sanctimonious little nod. She looked rather taken aback by this thoughtfulness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it\rquote s business as usual from tomorrow,\rdblquote  Fred continued briskly. \ldblquote And if we\rquote re going to be causing a bit of uproar, why not do it so that Harry can have his chat with Sirius?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but \i still,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione with an air of explaining something very simple to somebody very obtuse, \ldblquote even if you \i do\i0  cause a diver\-sion, how is Harry supposed to talk to him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Umbridge\rquote s office,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had been thinking about it for a fortnight and could think of no alternative; Umbridge herself had told him that the only fire that was not being watched was her own.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are \emdash  you \emdash  insane?\rdblquote  said Hermione in a hushed voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had lowered his leaflet on jobs in the cultivated fungus trade and was watching the conversation warily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so,\rdblquote  said Harry, shrugging.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And how are you going to get in there in the first place?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was ready for this question.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius\rquote s knife,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Christmas before last Sirius gave me a knife that\rquote ll open any lock,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote So even if she\rquote s bewitched the door so \i Alohomora\i0  won\rquote t work, which I bet she has \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you think about this?\rdblquote  Hermione demanded of Ron, and Harry was reminded irresistibly of Mrs. Weasley appealing to her hus\-band during Harry\rquote s first dinner in Grimmauld Place.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking alarmed at being asked to give an opinion. \ldblquote If Harry wants to do it, it\rquote s up to him, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Spoken like a true friend and Weasley,\rdblquote  said Fred, clapping Ron hard on the back. \ldblquote Right, then. We\rquote re thinking of doing it tomorrow,\lang3081  \lang1033 just after lessons, because it should cause maximum impact if every\-body\rquote s in the corridors \emdash  Harry, we\rquote ll set it off in the east wing some\-where, draw her right away from her own office \emdash  I reckon we should be able to guarantee you, what, twenty minutes?\rdblquote  he said, looking at George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Easy,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What sort of diversion is it?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll see, little bro,\rdblquote  said Fred, as he and George got up again. \ldblquote At least, you will if you trot along to Gregory the Smarmy\rquote s corridor round about five o\rquote clock tomorrow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry awoke very early the next day, feeling almost as anxious as he had done on the morning of his hearing at the Ministry of Magic. It was not only the prospect of breaking into Umbridge\rquote s office and us\-ing her fire to speak to Sirius that was making him feel nervous, though that was certainly bad enough \emdash  today also happened to be the first time he would be in close proximity with Snape since Snape had thrown him out of his office, as they had Potions that day.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After lying in bed for a while thinking about the day ahead, Harry got up very quietly and moved across to the window beside Neville\rquote s bed, staring out on a truly glorious morning. The sky was a clear, misty, opalescent blue. Directly ahead of him, Harry could see the towering beech tree below which his father had once tormented Snape. He was not sure what Sirius could possibly say to him that would make up for what he had seen in the Pensieve, but he was des\-perate to hear Sirius\rquote s own account of what had happened, to know of any mitigating factors there might have been, any excuse at all for his father\rquote s behavior. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something caught Harry\rquote s attention: movement on the edge of the Forbidden Forest. Harry squinted into the sun and saw Hagrid emerging from between the trees. He seemed to be limping. As Harry watched, Hagrid staggered to the door of his cabin and disappeared\lang3081  \lang1033 inside it. Harry watched the cabin for several minutes. Hagrid did not emerge again, but smoke furled from the chimney, so Hagrid could not be so badly injured that he was unequal to stoking the fire. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned away from the window, headed back to his trunk, and started to dress.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With the prospect of forcing entry into Umbridge\rquote s office ahead, Harry had never expected the day to be a restful one, but he had not reckoned on Hermione\rquote s almost continual attempts to dissuade him from what he was planning to do at five o\rquote clock. For the first time ever, she was at least as inattentive to Professor Binns in History of Magic as Harry and Ron were, keeping up a stream of whispered admoni\-tions that Harry tried very hard to ignore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and if she does catch you there, apart from being expelled, she\rquote ll be able to guess you\rquote ve been talking to Snuffles and this time I expect she\rquote ll \i force\i0  you to drink Veritaserum and answer her questions. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron in a low and indignant voice, \ldblquote are you going to stop telling Harry off and listen to Binns, or am I going to have to take notes instead?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You take notes for a change, it won\rquote t kill you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 By the time they reached the dungeons, neither Harry nor Ron was speaking to Hermione any longer. Undeterred, she took advantage of their silence to maintain an uninterrupted flow of dire warnings, all uttered under her breath in a vehement hiss that caused Seamus to waste five whole minutes checking his cauldron for leaks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape, meanwhile, seemed to have decided to act as though Harry were invisible. Harry was, of course, well used to this tactic, as it was one of Uncle Vernon\rquote s favorites, and on the whole was grateful he had to suffer nothing worse. In fact, compared to what he usually had to endure from Snape in the way of taunts and snide remarks, he found the new approach something of an improvement and was pleased to find that when left well alone, he was able to concoct an Invigoration Draught quite easily. At the end of the lesson he scooped some of the\lang3081  \lang1033 potion into a flask, corked it, and took it up to Snape\rquote s desk for mark\-ing, feeling that he might at last have scraped an E.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had just turned away when he heard a smashing noise; Malfoy gave a gleeful yell of laughter. Harry whipped around again. His po\-tion sample lay in pieces on the floor, and Snape was watching him with a look of gloating pleasure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whoops,\rdblquote  he said softly. \ldblquote Another zero, then, Potter \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was too incensed to speak. He strode back to his cauldron, intending to fill another flask and force Snape to mark it, but saw to his horror that the rest of the contents had vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry!\rdblquote  said Hermione with her hands over her mouth. \ldblquote I\rquote m really sorry, Harry, I thought you\rquote d finished, so I cleared up!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not bring himself to answer. When the bell rang he hurried out of the dungeon without a backward glance and made sure that he found himself a seat between Neville and Seamus for lunch so that Hermione could not start nagging him about using Umbridge\rquote s office again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was in such a bad mood by the time that he got to Divination that he had quite forgotten his career appointment with Professor McGonagall, remembering only when Ron asked him why he wasn\rquote t in her office. He hurtled back upstairs and arrived out of breath, only a few minutes late.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry, Professor,\rdblquote  he panted, as he closed the door. \ldblquote I forgot. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No matter, Potter,\rdblquote  she said briskly, but as she spoke, somebody else sniffed from the corner. Harry looked around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge was sitting there, a clipboard on her knee, a fussy little pie-frill around her neck, and a small, horribly smug smile on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sit down, Potter,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall tersely. Her hands shook slightly as she shuffled the many pamphlets littering her desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat down with his back to Umbridge and did his best to pre\-tend he could not hear the scratching of her quill on her clipboard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Potter, this meeting is to talk over any career ideas you might have, and to help you decide which subjects you should continue into sixth and seventh years,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Have you had any thoughts about what you would like to do after you leave Hogwarts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was finding the scratching noise from behind him very dis\-tracting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes?\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall prompted Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I thought of, maybe, being an Auror,\rdblquote  Harry mumbled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d need top grades for that,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, ex\-tracting a small, dark leaflet from under the mass on her desk and opening it. \ldblquote They ask for a minimum of five N.E.W.T.s, and nothing under \lquote Exceeds Expectations\rquote  grade, I see. Then you would be re\-quired to undergo a stringent series of character and aptitude tests at the Auror office. It\rquote s a difficult career path, Potter; they only take the best. In fact, I don\rquote t think anybody has been taken on in the last three years.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At this moment Professor Umbridge gave a very tiny cough, as though she was trying to see how quietly she could do it. Professor McGonagall ignored her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll want to know which subjects you ought to take, I suppose?\rdblquote  she went on, talking a little more loudly than before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Defense Against the Dark Arts, I suppose?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Naturally,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall crisply. \ldblquote I would also advise \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge gave another cough, a little more audible this time. Professor McGonagall closed her eyes for a moment, opened them again, and continued as though nothing had happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would also advise Transfiguration, because Aurors frequently need to Transfigure or Untransfigure in their work. And I ought to tell you now, Potter, that I do not accept students into my N.E.W.T.\lang3081  \lang1033 classes unless they have achieved \lquote Exceeds Expectations\rquote  or higher at Ordinary Wizarding Level. I\rquote d say you\rquote re averaging \lquote Acceptable\rquote  at the moment, so you\rquote ll need to put in some good hard work before the ex\-ams to stand a chance of continuing. Then you ought to do Charms, always useful, and Potions. Yes, Potter, Potions,\rdblquote  she added, with the merest flicker of a smile. \ldblquote Poisons and antidotes are essential study for Aurors. And I must tell you that Professor Snape absolutely refuses to take students who get anything other than \lquote Outstanding\rquote  in their O.W.L.s,\lang3081  \lang1033 so \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge gave her most pronounced cough yet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote May I offer you a cough drop, Dolores?\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall asked curtly, without looking at Professor Umbridge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no, thank you very much,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, with that simper\-ing laugh Harry hated so much. \ldblquote I just wondered whether I could make the teensiest interruption, Minerva?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I daresay you\rquote ll find you can,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall through tightly gritted teeth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was just wondering whether Mr. Potter has \i quite\i0  the tempera\-ment for an Auror?\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge sweetly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Were you?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall haughtily. \ldblquote Well, Potter,\rdblquote  she continued, as though there had been no interruption, \ldblquote if you are serious in this ambition, I would advise you to concentrate hard on bringing your Transfiguration and Potions up to scratch. I see Profes\-sor Flitwick has graded you between Acceptable\rquote  and \lquote Exceeds Expec\-tations\rquote  for the last two years, so your Charm work seems satisfactory; as for Defense Against the Dark Arts, your marks have been generally high, Professor Lupin in particular thought you \emdash  \i are you quite sure you wouldn\rquote t like a cough drop, Dolores\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, no need, thank you, Minerva,\rdblquote  simpered Professor Um\-bridge, who had just coughed her loudest yet. \ldblquote I was just concerned that you might not have Harry\rquote s most recent Defense Against the Dark Arts marks in front of you. I\rquote m quite sure I slipped in a note \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What, this thing?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall in a tone of revul\-sion, as she pulled a sheet of pink parchment from between the leaves of Harry\rquote s folder. She glanced down it, her eyebrows slightly raised, then placed it back into the folder without comment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, as I was saying, Potter, Professor Lupin thought you showed a pronounced aptitude for the subject, and obviously for an Auror \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you not understand my note, Minerva?\rdblquote  asked Professor Um\-bridge in honeyed tones, quite forgetting to cough.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I understood it,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, her teeth clenched so tightly that the words came out a little muffled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, then, I am confused. \'85 I\rquote m afraid I don\rquote t quite understand how you can give Mr. Potter false hope that \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote False hope?\rdblquote  repeated Professor McGonagall, still refusing to look round at Professor Umbridge. \ldblquote He has achieved high marks in all his Defense Against the Dark Arts tests \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m terribly sorry to have to contradict you, Minerva, but as you will see from my note, Harry has been achieving very poor results in his classes with me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I should have made my meaning plainer,\rdblquote  said Professor McGo\-nagall, turning at last to look Umbridge directly in the eyes. \ldblquote He has achieved high marks in all Defense Against the Dark Arts tests set by a competent teacher.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge\rquote s smile vanished as suddenly as a lightbulb blowing. She sat back in her chair, turned a sheet on her clipboard, and began scribbling very fast indeed, her bulging eyes rolling from side to side. Professor McGonagall turned back to Harry, her thin nostrils flared, her eyes burning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Any questions, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote What sort of character and aptitude tests do the Ministry do on you, if you get enough N.E.W.T.s?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you\rquote ll need to demonstrate the ability to react well to pressure and so forth,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, \ldblquote perseverance and ded\-ication, because Auror training takes a further three years, not to men\-tion very high skills in practical defense. It will mean a lot more study even after you\rquote ve left school, so unless you\rquote re prepared to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think you\rquote ll also find,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, her voice very cold now, \ldblquote that the Ministry looks into the records of those applying to be Au\-rora. Their criminal records.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  unless you\rquote re prepared to take even more exams after Hog\-warts, you should really look at another \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  which means that this boy has as much chance of becoming an Auror as Dumbledore has of ever returning to this school.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A very good chance, then,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter has a criminal record,\rdblquote  said Umbridge loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter has been cleared of all charges,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, even more loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge stood up. She was so short that this did not make a great deal of difference, but her fussy, simpering demeanor had given place to a hard fury that made her broad, flabby face look oddly sinister.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter has no chance whatsoever of becoming an Auror!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall got to her feet too, and in her case this was a much more impressive move. She towered over Professor Umbridge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter,\rdblquote  she said in ringing tones, \ldblquote I will assist you to become an Auror if it is the last thing I do! If I have to coach you nightly I will make sure you achieve the required results!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Minister of Magic will never employ Harry Potter!\rdblquote  said Um\-bridge, her voice rising furiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There may well be a new Minister of Magic by the time Potter is ready to join!\rdblquote  shouted Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aha!\rdblquote  shrieked Professor Umbridge, pointing a stubby finger at McGonagall. \ldblquote Yes! Yes, yes, yes! Of course! That\rquote s what you want, isn\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033 it, Minerva McGonagall? You want Cornelius Fudge replaced by Al\-bus Dumbledore! You think you\rquote ll be where I am, don\rquote t you, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister and headmistress to boot!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are raving,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, superbly disdainful. \ldblquote Potter, that concludes our career consultation.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry swung his bag over his shoulder and hurried out of the room, not daring to look at Umbridge. He could hear her and Profes\-sor McGonagall continuing to shout at each other all the way back along the corridor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge was still breathing as though she had just run a race when she strode into their Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson that afternoon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hope you\rquote ve thought better of what you were planning to do, Harry,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered, the moment they had opened their books to chapter thirty-four (\ldblquote Non-Retaliation and Negotiation\rdblquote ). \ldblquote Umbridge looks like she\rquote s in a really bad mood already. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Every now and then Umbridge shot glowering looks at Harry, who kept his head down, staring at \i Defensive Magical Theory,\i0  his eyes un\-focused, thinking. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could just imagine Professor McGonagall\rquote s reaction if he were caught trespassing in Professor Umbridge\rquote s office mere hours after she had vouched for him. \'85 There was nothing to stop him simply go\-ing back to Gryffindor Tower and hoping that sometime during the next summer holiday he would have a chance to ask Sirius about the scene he had witnessed in the Pensieve. \'85 Nothing, except that the thought of taking this sensible course of action made him feel as though a lead weight had dropped into his stomach. \'85 And then there was the matter of Fred and George, whose diversion was already planned, not to mention the knife Sirius had given him, which was currently residing in his schoolbag along with his father\rquote s old Invisi\-bility Cloak. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the fact remained that if he were caught\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore sacrificed himself to keep you in school, Harry!\rdblquote  whispered Hermione, raising her book to hide her face from Um\-bridge. \ldblquote And if you get thrown out today it will all have been for nothing!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could abandon the plan and simply learn to live with the mem\-ory of what his father had done on a summer\rquote s day more than twenty years ago. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then he remembered Sirius in the fire upstairs in the Gryffin\-dor common room. \'85\rdblquote You\rquote re less like your father than I thought. \'85 The risk would\rquote ve been what made it fun for James. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But did he want to be like his father anymore?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, don\rquote t do it, please don\rquote t do it!\rdblquote  Hermione said in anguished tones as the bell rang at the end of the class.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not answer; he did not know what to do. Ron seemed de\-termined to give neither his opinion nor his advice. He would not look at Harry, though when Hermione opened her mouth to try dis\-suading Harry some more, he said in a low voice, \ldblquote Give it a rest, okay? He can make up his own mind.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart beat very fast as he left the classroom. He was halfway along the corridor outside when he heard the unmistakable sounds of a diversion going off in the distance. There were screams and yells reverberating from somewhere above them. People exiting the class\-rooms all around Harry were stopping in their tracks and looking up at the ceiling fearfully \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then Umbridge came pelting out of her classroom as fast as her short legs would carry her. Pulling out her wand, she hurried off in the opposite direction: It was now or never.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash  please!\rdblquote  said Hermione weakly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he had made up his mind \emdash  hitching his bag more securely onto his shoulder he set off at a run, weaving in and out of students\lang3081  \lang1033 now hurrying in the opposite direction, off to see what all the fuss was about in the east wing. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry reached the corridor where Umbridge\rquote s office was situated and found it deserted. Dashing behind a large suit of armor whose helmet creaked around to watch him, he pulled open his bag, seized Sirius\rquote s knife, and donned the Invisibility Cloak. He then crept slowly and carefully back out from behind the suit of armor and along the corridor until he reached Umbridge\rquote s door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He inserted the blade of the magical knife into the crack around it and moved it gently up and down, then withdrew it. There was a tiny \i click,\i0  and the door swung open. He ducked inside the office, closed the door quickly behind him, and looked around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was empty; nothing was moving except the horrible kittens on the plates continuing to frolic on the wall above the confiscated broomsticks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled off his cloak and, striding over to the fireplace, found what he was looking for within seconds: a small box containing glit\-tering Floo powder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He crouched down in front of the empty grate, his hands shaking. He had never done this before, though he thought he knew how it must work. Sticking his head into the fireplace, he took a large pinch of powder and dropped it onto the logs stacked neatly beneath him. They exploded at once into emerald-green flames.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Number twelve, Grimmauld Place!\rdblquote  Harry said loudly and clearly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was one of the most curious sensations he had ever experienced; he had traveled by Floo powder before, of course, but then it had been his entire body that had spun around and around in the flames through the network of Wizarding fireplaces that stretched over the country: This time, his knees remained firm upon the cold floor of Umbridge\rquote s office, and only his head hurtled through the emerald fire. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, abruptly as it had begun, the spinning stopped. Feeling\lang3081  \lang1033 rather sick and as though he was wearing an exceptionally hot muffler around his head, Harry opened his eyes to find that he was looking up out of the kitchen fireplace at the long, wooden table, where a man sat poring over a piece of parchment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The man jumped and looked around. It was not Sirius, but Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  he said, looking thoroughly shocked. \ldblquote What are you \emdash  what\rquote s happened, is everything all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I just wondered \emdash  I mean, I just fancied a \emdash  a chat with Sirius.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll call him,\rdblquote  said Lupin, getting to his feet, still looking perplexed. \ldblquote He went upstairs to look for Kreacher, he seems to be hiding in the at\-tic again. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Harry saw Lupin hurry out of the kitchen. Now he was left with nothing to look at but the chair and table legs. He wondered why Sirius had never mentioned how very uncomfortable it was to speak out of the fire \emdash  his knees were already objecting painfully to their prolonged contact with Umbridge\rquote s hard stone floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin returned with Sirius at his heels moments later.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  said Sirius urgently, sweeping his long dark hair out of his eyes and dropping to the ground in front of the fire, so that he and Harry were on a level; Lupin knelt down too, looking very con\-cerned. \ldblquote Are you all right? Do you need help?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote it\rquote s nothing like that. \'85 I just wanted to talk \'85 about my dad. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They exchanged a look of great surprise, but Harry did not have time to feel awkward or embarrassed; his knees were becoming sorer by the second, and he guessed that five minutes had already passed from the start of the diversion \emdash  George had only guaranteed him twenty. He therefore plunged immediately into the story of what he had seen in the Pensieve.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When he had finished, neither Sirius nor Lupin spoke for a mo\-ment. Then Lupin said quietly, \ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t like you to judge your father on what you saw there, Harry. He was only fifteen \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m fifteen!\rdblquote  said Harry heatedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look, Harry,\rdblquote  said Sirius placatingly, \ldblquote James and Snape hated each other from the moment they set eyes on each other, it was just one of those things, you can understand that, can\rquote t you? I think James was everything Snape wanted to be \emdash  he was popular, he was good at Quidditch, good at pretty much everything. And Snape was just this little oddball who was up to his eyes in the Dark Arts and James \emdash  whatever else he may have appeared to you, Harry \emdash  always hated the Dark Arts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but he just attacked Snape for no good reason, just because \emdash  well, just because you said you were bored,\rdblquote  he fin\-ished with a slightly apologetic note in his voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not proud of it,\rdblquote  said Sirius quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin looked sideways at Sirius and then said, \ldblquote Look, Harry, what you\rquote ve got to understand is that your father and Sirius were the best in the school at whatever they did \emdash  everyone thought they were the height of cool \emdash  if they sometimes got a bit carried away \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If we were sometimes arrogant little berks, you mean,\rdblquote  said Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He kept messing up his hair,\rdblquote  said Harry in a pained voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius and Lupin laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d forgotten he used to do that,\rdblquote  said Sirius affectionately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Was he playing with the Snitch?\rdblquote  said Lupin eagerly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, watching uncomprehendingly as Sirius and Lupin beamed reminiscently. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I thought he was a bit of an idiot.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course he was a bit of an idiot!\rdblquote  said Sirius bracingly. \ldblquote We were all idiots! Well \emdash  not Moony so much,\rdblquote  he said fairly, looking at Lupin, but Lupin shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did I ever tell you to lay off Snape?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Did I ever have the guts to tell you I thought you were out of order?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote you made us feel ashamed of ourselves sometimes. \'85 That was something. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And,\rdblquote  said Harry doggedly, determined to say everything that was on his mind now he was here, \ldblquote he kept looking over at the girls by the lake, hoping they were watching him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, well, he always made a fool of himself whenever Lily was around,\rdblquote  said Sirius, shrugging. \ldblquote He couldn\rquote t stop himself showing off whenever he got near her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come she married him?\rdblquote  Harry asked miserably. \ldblquote She hated him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nah, she didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She started going out with him in seventh year,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Once James had deflated his head a bit,\rdblquote  said Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And stopped hexing people just for the fun of it,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Even Snape?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Lupin slowly, \ldblquote Snape was a special case. I mean, he never lost an opportunity to curse James, so you couldn\rquote t really expect James to take that lying down, could you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And my mum was okay with that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She didn\rquote t know too much about it, to tell you the truth,\rdblquote  said Sir\-ius. \ldblquote I mean, James didn\rquote t take Snape on dates with her and jinx him in front of her, did he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius frowned at Harry, who was still looking unconvinced.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote your father was the best friend I ever had, and he was a good person. A lot of people are idiots at the age of fifteen. He grew out of it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, okay,\rdblquote  said Harry heavily. \ldblquote I just never thought I\rquote d feel sorry for Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now you mention it,\rdblquote  said Lupin, a faint crease between his eye\-brows, \ldblquote how did Snape react when he found you\rquote d seen all this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He told me he\rquote d never teach me Occlumency again,\rdblquote  said Harry indifferently, \ldblquote like that\rquote s a big disappoint \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He WHAT?\rdblquote  shouted Sirius, causing Harry to jump and inhale a mouthful of ashes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you serious, Harry?\rdblquote  said Lupin quickly. \ldblquote He\rquote s stopped giving you lessons?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, surprised at what he considered a great overreac\-tion. \ldblquote But it\rquote s okay, I don\rquote t care, it\rquote s a bit of a relief to tell you the \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m coming up there to have a word with Snape!\rdblquote  said Sirius force\-fully and he actually made to stand up, but Lupin wrenched him back down again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If anyone\rquote s going to tell Snape it will be me!\rdblquote  he said firmly. \ldblquote But Harry, first of all, you\rquote re to go back to Snape and tell him that on no ac\-count is he to stop giving you lessons \emdash  when Dumbledore hears \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t tell him that, he\rquote d kill me!\rdblquote  said Harry, outraged. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t see him when we got out of the Pensieve \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, there is nothing so important as you learning Occlu\-mency!\rdblquote  said Lupin sternly. \ldblquote Do you understand me? Nothing!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, thoroughly discomposed, not to mention annoyed. \ldblquote I\rquote ll\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I\rquote ll try and say something to him. \'85 But it won\rquote t be \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He fell silent. He could hear distant footsteps.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is that Kreacher coming downstairs?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Sirius, glancing behind him. \ldblquote It must be somebody your end \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart skipped several beats.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d better go!\rdblquote  he said hastily and he pulled his head backward out of Grimmauld Place\rquote s fire. For a moment his head seemed to be re\-volving on his shoulders, and then he found himself kneeling in front of Umbridge\rquote s fire with his head firmly back on, watching the emerald flames flicker and die.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quickly, quickly!\rdblquote  he heard a wheezy voice mutter right outside the office door. \ldblquote Ah, she\rquote s left it open. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dived for the Invisibility Cloak and had just managed to pull it back over himself when Filch burst into the office. He looked ab\-solutely delighted about something and was talking to himself fever\-ishly as he crossed the room, pulled open a drawer in Umbridge\rquote s desk, and began rifling through the papers inside it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Approval for Whipping \'85 Approval for Whipping \'85 I can do it at last. \'85 They\rquote ve had it coming to them for years. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled out a piece of parchment, kissed it, then shuffled rapidly back out of the door, clutching it to his chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry leapt to his feet and, making sure that he had his bag and the Invisibility Cloak was completely covering him, he wrenched open the door and hurried out of the office after Filch, who was hobbling along faster than Harry had ever seen him go.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One landing down from Umbridge\rquote s office and Harry thought it was safe to become visible again; he pulled off the cloak, shoved it in his bag and hurried onward. There was a great deal of shouting and movement coming from the entrance hall. He ran down the marble staircase and found what looked like most of the school assembled there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was just like the night when Trelawney had been sacked. Stu\-dents were standing all around the walls in a great ring (some of them, Harry noticed, covered in a substance that looked very like Stinksap); teachers and ghosts were also in the crowd. Prominent among the on\-lookers were members of the Inquisitorial Squad, who were all look\-ing exceptionally pleased with themselves, and Peeves, who was bobbing overhead, gazed down upon Fred and George, who stood in the middle of the floor with the unmistakable look of two people who had just been cornered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So!\rdblquote  said Umbridge triumphantly, whom Harry realized was\lang3081  \lang1033 standing just a few stairs in front of him, once more looking down upon her prey. \ldblquote So \'85 you think it amusing to turn a school corridor into a swamp, do you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pretty amusing, yeah,\rdblquote  said Fred, looking back up at her without the slightest sign of fear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Filch elbowed his way closer to Umbridge, almost crying with happiness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got the form, Headmistress,\rdblquote  he said hoarsely, waving the piece of parchment Harry had just seen him take from her desk. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got the form and I\rquote ve got the whips waiting. \'85 Oh, let me do it now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very good, Argus,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote You two,\rdblquote  she went on, gazing down at Fred and George, \ldblquote are about to learn what happens to wrongdoers in my school.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what?\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think we are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned to his twin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote George,\rdblquote  said Fred, \ldblquote I think we\rquote ve outgrown full-time education.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I\rquote ve been feeling that way myself,\rdblquote  said George lightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Time to test our talents in the real world, d\rquote you reckon?\rdblquote  asked Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Definitely,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And before Umbridge could say a word, they raised their wands and said together, \ldblquote\i Accio Brooms\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry heard a loud crash somewhere in the distance. Looking to his left he ducked just in time \emdash  Fred and George\rquote s broomsticks, one still trailing the heavy chain and iron peg with which Umbridge had fastened them to the wall, were hurtling along the corridor to\-ward their owners. They turned left, streaked down the stairs, and stopped sharply in front of the twins, the chain clattering loudly on the flagged stone floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We won\rquote t be seeing you,\rdblquote  Fred told Professor Umbridge, swinging his leg over his broomstick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, don\rquote t bother to keep in touch,\rdblquote  said George, mounting his own.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred looked around at the assembled students, and at the silent, watchful crowd.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If anyone fancies buying a Portable Swamp, as demonstrated up\-stairs, come to number ninety-three, Diagon Alley \emdash  Weasleys\rquote  Wiz\-arding Wheezes,\rdblquote  he said in a loud voice. \ldblquote Our new premises!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Special discounts to Hogwarts students who swear they\rquote re going to use our products to get rid of this old bat,\rdblquote  added George, pointing at Professor Umbridge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote STOP THEM!\rdblquote  shrieked Umbridge, but it was too late. As the In\-quisitorial Squad closed in, Fred and George kicked off from the floor, shooting fifteen feet into the air, the iron peg swinging dangerously below. Fred looked across the hall at the poltergeist bobbing on his level above the crowd.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give her hell from us, Peeves.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Peeves, whom Harry had never seen take an order from a stu\-dent before, swept his belled hat from his head and sprang to a salute as Fred and George wheeled about to tumultuous applause from the students below and sped out of the open front doors into the glorious sunset.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 30\par
\pard\qc Grawp\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
The story of Fred and George\rquote s flight to freedom was retold so of\-ten over the next few days that Harry could tell it would soon become the stuff of Hogwarts legend. Within a week, even those who had been eyewitnesses were half-convinced that they had seen the twins dive-bomb Umbridge on their brooms, pelting her with Dung\-bombs before zooming out of the doors. In the immediate aftermath of their departure there was a great wave of talk about copying them, so that Harry frequently heard students saying things like, \ldblquote Honestly, some days I just feel like jumping on my broom and leaving this place,\rdblquote  or else, \ldblquote One more lesson like that and I might just do a Weasley. \'85\rdblquote\par
Fred and George had made sure that nobody was likely to forget them very soon. For one thing, they had not left instructions on how to remove the swamp that now filled the corridor on the fifth floor of the east wing. Umbridge and Filch had been observed trying different means of removing it but without success. Eventually the area was roped off and Filch, gnashing his teeth furiously, was given the task of punting students across it to their classrooms. Harry was certain that\lang3081  \lang1033 teachers like McGonagall or Flitwick could have removed the swamp in an instant, but just as in the case of Fred and George\rquote s Wildfire Whiz-Bangs, they seemed to prefer to watch Umbridge struggle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then there were the two large broom-shaped holes in Umbridge\rquote s office door, through which Fred and George\rquote s Cleansweeps had smashed to rejoin their masters. Filch fitted a new door and removed Harry\rquote s Firebolt to the dungeons where, it was rumored, Umbridge had set an armed security troll to guard it. However, her troubles were far from over.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Inspired by Fred and George\rquote s example, a great number of students were now vying for the newly vacant positions of Troublemakers-in-Chief. In spite of the new door, somebody managed to slip a hairy-snouted niffler into Umbridge\rquote s office, which promptly tore the place apart in its search for shiny objects, leapt on Umbridge on her reen-trance, and tried to gnaw the rings off her stubby fingers. Dungbombs and Stinkpellets were dropped so frequently in the corridors that it be\-came the new fashion for students to perform Bubble-Head Charms on themselves before leaving lessons, which ensured them a supply of fresh clean air, even though it gave them all the peculiar appearance of wearing upside-down goldfish bowls on their heads.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Filch prowled the corridors with a horsewhip ready in his hands, desperate to catch miscreants, but the problem was that there were now so many of them that he did not know which way to turn. The Inquisitorial Squad were attempting to help him, but odd things kept happening to its members. Warrington of the Slytherin Quidditch team reported to the hospital wing with a horrible skin complaint that made him look as though he had been coated in cornflakes. Pansy Parkinson, to Hermione\rquote s delight, missed all her lessons the following day, as she had sprouted antlers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Meanwhile it became clear just how many Skiving Snackboxes Fred and George had managed to sell before leaving Hogwarts. Umbridge only had to enter her classroom for the students assembled there to\lang3081  \lang1033 faint, vomit, develop dangerous fevers, or else spout blood from both nostrils. Shrieking with rage and frustration she attempted to trace the mysterious symptoms to their source, but the students told her stub\-bornly they were suffering \ldblquote Umbridge-itis.\rdblquote  After putting four succes\-sive classes in detention and failing to discover their secret she was forced to give up and allow the bleeding, swooning, sweating, and vomiting students to leave her classes in droves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But not even the users of the Snackboxes could compete with that master of chaos, Peeves, who seemed to have taken Fred\rquote s parting words deeply to heart. Cackling madly, he soared through the school, upending tables, bursting out of blackboards, and toppling statues and vases. Twice he shut Mrs. Norris inside suits of armor, from which she was rescued, yowling loudly, by the furious caretaker. He smashed lanterns and snuffed out candles, juggled burning torches over the heads of screaming students, caused neatly stacked piles of parchment to topple into fires or out of windows, flooded the second floor when he pulled off all the taps in the bathrooms, dropped a bag of tarantu\-las in the middle of the Great Hall during breakfast and, whenever he fancied a break, spent hours at a time floating along after Umbridge and blowing loud raspberries every time she spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 None of the staff but Filch seemed to be stirring themselves to help her. Indeed, a week after Fred and George\rquote s departure Harry witnessed Professor McGonagall walking right past Peeves, who was deter\-minedly loosening a crystal chandelier, and could have sworn he heard her tell the poltergeist out of the corner of her mouth, \ldblquote It unscrews the other way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To cap matters, Montague had still not recovered from his sojourn in the toilet. He remained confused and disorientated and his parents were to be observed one Tuesday morning striding up the front drive, looking extremely angry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Should we say something?\rdblquote  said Hermione in a worried voice, pressing her cheek against the Charms window so that she could see\lang3081  \lang1033 Mr. and Mrs. Montague marching inside. \ldblquote About what happened to him? In case it helps Madam Pomfrey cure him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course not, he\rquote ll recover,\rdblquote  said Ron indifferently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway, more trouble for Umbridge, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Harry in a sat\-isfied voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and Ron both tapped the teacups they were supposed to be charming with their wands. Harry\rquote s spouted four very short legs that would not reach the desk and wriggled pointlessly in midair. Ron\rquote s grew four very thin spindly legs that hoisted the cup off the desk with great difficulty, trembled for a few seconds, then folded, causing the cup to crack into two.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Reparo\i0 !\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly, mending Ron\rquote s cup with a wave of her wand. \ldblquote That\rquote s all very well, but what if Montague\rquote s perma\-nently injured?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who cares?\rdblquote  said Ron irritably, while his teacup stood drunkenly again, trembling violently at the knees. \ldblquote Montague shouldn\rquote t have tried to take all those points from Gryffindor, should he? If you want to worry about anyone, Hermione, worry about me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You?\rdblquote  she said, catching her teacup as it scampered happily away across the desk on four sturdy little willow-patterned legs and replac\-ing it in front of her. \ldblquote Why should I be worried about you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When Mum\rquote s next letter finally gets through Umbridge\rquote s screen\-ing process,\rdblquote  said Ron bitterly, now holding his cup up while its frail legs tried feebly to support its weight, \ldblquote I\rquote m going to be in deep trou\-ble. I wouldn\rquote t be surprised if she\rquote s sent a Howler again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote ll be my fault Fred and George left, you wait,\rdblquote  said Ron darkly. \ldblquote She\rquote ll say I should\rquote ve stopped them leaving, I should\rquote ve grabbed the ends of their brooms and hung on or something. \'85 Yeah, it\rquote ll be all my fault. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, if she \i does\i0  say that it\rquote ll be very unfair, you couldn\rquote t have done anything! But I\rquote m sure she won\rquote t, I mean, if it\rquote s really true they\rquote ve got\lang3081  \lang1033 premises in Diagon Alley now, they must have been planning this for ages. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but that\rquote s another thing, how did they get premises?\rdblquote  said Ron, hitting his teacup so hard with his wand that its legs collapsed again and it lay twitching before him. \ldblquote It\rquote s a bit dodgy, isn\rquote t it? They\rquote ll need loads of Galleons to afford the rent on a place in Diagon Alley, she\rquote ll want to know what they\rquote ve been up to, to get their hands on that sort of gold. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, yes, that occurred to me too,\rdblquote  said Hermione, allowing her teacup to jog in neat little circles around Harry\rquote s, whose stubby little legs were still unable to touch the desktop. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been wondering whether Mundungus has persuaded them to sell stolen goods or something awful. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He hasn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry curtly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you know?\rdblquote  said Ron and Hermione together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because \emdash\rdblquote  Harry hesitated, but the moment to confess finally seemed to have come. There was no good to be gained in keeping silent if it meant anyone suspected that Fred and George were crimi\-nals. \ldblquote Because they got the gold from me. I gave them my Triwizard winnings last June.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a shocked silence, then Hermione\rquote s teacup jogged right over the edge of the desk and smashed on the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Harry, you \i didn\rquote t\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\i  \lang1033\i0 she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I did,\rdblquote  said Harry mutinously. \ldblquote And I don\rquote t regret it either \emdash  I didn\rquote t need the gold, and they\rquote ll be great at a joke shop. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But this is excellent!\rdblquote  said Ron, looking thrilled. \ldblquote It\rquote s all your fault, Harry \emdash  Mum can\rquote t blame me at all! Can I tell her?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I suppose you\rquote d better,\rdblquote  said Harry dully. \ldblquote  \rquote Specially if she thinks they\rquote re receiving stolen cauldrons or something. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione said nothing at all for the rest of the lesson, but Harry had a shrewd suspicion that her self-restraint was bound to crack before long. Sure enough, once they had left the castle for break and were standing around in the weak May sunshine, she fixed Harry with a beady eye and opened her mouth with a determined air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry interrupted her before she had even started.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s no good nagging me, it\rquote s done,\rdblquote  he said firmly. \ldblquote Fred and George have got the gold \emdash  spent a good bit of it too, by the sounds of it \emdash  and I can\rquote t get it back from them and I don\rquote t want to. So save your breath, Hermione.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wasn\rquote t going to say anything about Fred and George!\rdblquote  she said in an injured voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron snorted disbelievingly and Hermione threw him a very dirty look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I wasn\rquote t!\rdblquote  she said angrily. \ldblquote As a matter of fact, I was going to ask Harry when he\rquote s going to go back to Snape and ask for Occlu\-mency lessons again!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart sank. Once they had exhausted the subject of Fred and George\rquote s dramatic departure, which admittedly had taken many hours, Ron and Hermione had wanted to hear news of Sirius. As Harry had not confided in them the reason he had wanted to talk to Sirius in the first place, it had been hard to think of things to tell them. He had ended up saying to them truthfully that Sirius wanted Harry to resume Occlumency lessons. He had been regretting this ever since; Hermione would not let the subject drop and kept revert\-ing to it when Harry least expected it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t tell me you\rquote ve stopped having funny dreams,\rdblquote  Hermione said now, \ldblquote because Ron told me last night you were muttering in your sleep again. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry threw Ron a furious look. Ron had the grace to look ashamed of himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were only muttering a bit,\rdblquote  he mumbled apologetically. \ldblquote Something about \lquote just a bit farther.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dreamed I was watching you lot play Quidditch,\rdblquote  Harry lied brutally. \ldblquote I was trying to get you to stretch out a bit farther to grab the Quaffle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s ears went red. Harry felt a kind of vindictive pleasure: He had not, of course, dreamed anything of the sort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Last night he had once again made the journey along the Depart\-ment of Mysteries corridor. He had passed through the circular room, then the room full of clicking and dancing light, until he found him\-self again inside that cavernous room full of shelves on which were ranged dusty glass spheres. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had hurried straight toward row number ninety-seven, turned left, and ran along it. \'85 It had probably been then that he had spo\-ken aloud. \'85 \i Just a bit farther\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 for he could feel his conscious self struggling to wake \'85 and before he had reached the end of the row, he had found himself lying in bed again, gazing up at the canopy of his four-poster.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are \i trying\i0  to block your mind, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Hermione, look\-ing beadily at Harry. \ldblquote You are keeping going with your Occlumency?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I am,\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to sound as though this ques\-tion was insulting, but not quite meeting her eye. The truth was that he was so intensely curious about what was hidden in that room full of dusty orbs that he was quite keen for the dreams to continue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The problem was that with just under a month to go until the ex\-ams and every free moment devoted to studying, his mind seemed saturated with information when he went to bed so that he found it very difficult to get to sleep at all. When he did, his overwrought brain presented him most nights with stupid dreams about the exams. He also suspected that part of his mind \emdash  the part that often spoke in Hermione\rquote s voice \emdash  now felt guilty on the occasions it strayed down that corridor ending in the black door, and sought to wake him before he could reach journey\rquote s end.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know,\rdblquote  said Ron, whose ears were still flaming red, \ldblquote if Mon\-tague doesn\rquote t recover before Slytherin play Hufflepuff, we might be in with a chance of winning the Cup.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I s\rquote pose so,\rdblquote  said Harry, glad of a change of subject.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I mean, we\rquote ve won one, lost one \emdash  if Slytherin lose to Hufflepuff next Saturday \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Harry, losing track of what he was agree\-ing to: Cho Chang had just walked across the courtyard, deter\-minedly not looking at him.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 The final match of the Quidditch season, Gryffindor versus Raven\-claw, was to take place on the last weekend of May. Although Slytherin had been narrowly defeated by Hufflepuff in their last match, Gryffindor was not daring to hope for victory, due mainly (though of course nobody said it to him) to Ron\rquote s abysmal goalkeep\-ing record. He, however, seemed to have found a new optimism.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I mean, I can\rquote t get any worse, can I?\rdblquote  he told Harry and Hermione grimly over breakfast on the morning of the match. \ldblquote Nothing to lose now, is there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know,\rdblquote  said Hermione, as she and Harry walked down to the pitch a little later in the midst of a very excitable crowd, \ldblquote I think Ron might do better without Fred and George around. They never exactly gave him a lot of confidence. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Luna Lovegood overtook them with what appeared to be a live ea\-gle perched on top of her head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh gosh, I forgot!\rdblquote  said Hermione, watching the eagle flapping its wings as Luna walked serenely past a group of cackling and pointing Slytherins. \ldblquote Cho will be playing, won\rquote t she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who had not forgotten this, merely grunted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They found seats in the topmost row of the stands. It was a fine, clear day. Ron could not wish for better, and Harry found himself hoping against hope that Ron would not give the Slytherins cause for more rousing choruses of \ldblquote Weasley Is Our King.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lee Jordan, who had been very dispirited since Fred and George had left, was commentating as usual. As the teams zoomed out onto the pitches he named the players with something less than his usual gusto.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 Bradley\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Davies \'85 Chang,\rdblquote  he said, and Harry felt his stomach perform, less of a back flip, more a feeble lurch as Cho walked out onto the pitch, her shiny black hair rippling in the slight breeze. He was not sure what he wanted to happen anymore, except that he could not stand any more rows. Even the sight of her chatting animatedly to Roger Davies as they prepared to mount their brooms caused him only a slight twinge of jealousy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And they\rquote re off!\rdblquote  said Lee. \ldblquote And Davies takes the Quaffle immedi\-ately, Ravenclaw Captain Davies with the Quaffle, he dodges John\-son, he dodges Bell, he dodges Spinnet as well. \'85 He\rquote s going straight for goal! He\rquote s going to shoot \emdash  and \emdash  and \emdash\rdblquote  Lee swore very loudly. \ldblquote And he\rquote s scored.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione groaned with the rest of the Gryffindors. Pre\-dictably, horribly, the Slytherins on the other side of the stands began to sing:\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Weasley cannot save a thing,\par
He cannot block a single ring\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said a hoarse voice in Harry\rquote s ear. \ldblquote Hermione \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry looked around and saw Hagrid\rquote s enormous bearded face sticking between the seats; apparently he had squeezed his way all along the row behind, for the first and second years he had just passed had a ruffled, flattened look about them. For some reason, Hagrid was bent double as though anxious not to be seen, though he was still at least four feet taller than everybody else.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen,\rdblquote  he whispered, \ldblquote can yeh come with me? Now? While ev\rquote ry\-one\rquote s watchin\rquote  the match?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85 can\rquote t it wait, Hagrid?\rdblquote  asked Harry. \ldblquote Till the match is over?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote No, Harry, it\rquote s gotta be now\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 while ev\rquote ry\-one\rquote s lookin\rquote  the other way. \'85 Please?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s nose was gently dripping blood. His eyes were both black\-ened. Harry had not seen him this close up since his return to the school; he looked utterly woebegone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course,\rdblquote  said Harry at once, \ldblquote  \rquote course we\rquote ll come. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and Hermione edged back along their row of seats, causing much grumbling among the students who had to stand up for them. The people in Hagrid\rquote s row were not complaining, merely attempting to make themselves as small as possible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \rquote ppreciate this, you two, I really do,\rdblquote  said Hagrid as they reached the stairs. He kept looking around nervously as they descended to\-ward the lawn below. \ldblquote I jus\rquote  hope she doesn\rquote  notice us goin\rquote . \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mean Umbridge?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote She won\rquote t, she\rquote s got her whole Inquisitorial Squad sitting with her, didn\rquote t you see? She must be ex\-pecting trouble at the match.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, a bit o\rquote  trouble wouldn\rquote  hurt,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, pausing to peer around the edge of the stands to make sure the stretch of lawn be\-tween there and his cabin was deserted. \ldblquote Give us more time \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it, Hagrid?\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking up at him with a concerned expression on her face as they hurried across the lawn to\-ward the edge of the forest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh \emdash  yeh\rquote ll see in a mo\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking over his shoulder as a great roar rose from the stands behind them. \ldblquote Hey \emdash  did some\-one jus\rquote  score?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote ll be Ravenclaw,\rdblquote  said Harry heavily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good \'85 good \'85\rdblquote  said Hagrid distractedly. \ldblquote Tha\rquote s good. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had to jog to keep up with him as he strode across the lawn, looking around with every other step. When they reached his cabin, Hermione turned automatically left toward the front door; Hagrid,\lang3081  \lang1033 however, walked straight past it into the shade of the trees on the out\-ermost edge of the forest, where he picked up a crossbow that was leaning against a tree. When he realized they were no longer with him, he turned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re goin\rquote  in here,\rdblquote  he said, jerking his shaggy head behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Into the forest?\rdblquote  said Hermione, perplexed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote C\rquote mon now, quick, before we\rquote re spotted!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione looked at each other, then ducked into the cover of the trees behind Hagrid, who was already striding away from them into the green gloom, his crossbow over his arm. Harry and Hermione ran to catch up with him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, why are you armed?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Jus\rquote  a precaution,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, shrugging his massive shoulders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t bring your crossbow the day you showed us the thes\-trals,\rdblquote  said Hermione timidly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nah, well, we weren\rquote  goin\rquote  in so far then,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote An\rquote  any\-way, tha\rquote  was before Firenze left the forest, wasn\rquote  it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why does Firenze leaving make a difference?\rdblquote  asked Hermione curiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Cause the other centaurs are good an\rquote  riled at me, tha\rquote s why,\rdblquote  said Hagrid quietly, glancing around. \ldblquote They used ter be \emdash  well, yeh couldn\rquote  call \rquote em friendly \emdash  but we got on all righ\rquote . Kept \rquote emselves to \rquote emselves, bu\rquote  always turned up if I wanted a word. Not anymore \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sighed deeply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Firenze said that they\rquote re angry because he went to work for Dum\-bledore?\rdblquote  Harry asked, tripping on a protruding root because he was busy watching Hagrid\rquote s profile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Hagrid heavily. \ldblquote Well, angry doesn\rquote  cover it. Ruddy livid. If I hadn\rquote  stepped in, I reckon they\rquote d\rquote ve kicked Firenze ter death \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They attacked him?\rdblquote  said Hermione, sounding shocked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Hagrid gruffly, forcing his way through several low-hanging branches. \ldblquote He had half the herd onto him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you stopped it?\rdblquote  said Harry, amazed and impressed. \ldblquote By yourself?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course I did, couldn\rquote t stand by an\rquote  watch \rquote em kill him, could I?\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Lucky I was passin\rquote , really \'85 an\rquote  I\rquote d\rquote ve thought Firenze mighta remembered tha\rquote  before he started sendin\rquote  me stupid warnin\rquote s!\rdblquote  he added hotly and unexpectedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione looked at each other, startled, but Hagrid, scowling, did not elaborate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway,\rdblquote  he said, breathing a little more heavily than usual, \ldblquote since then the other centaurs\rquote ve bin livid with me an\rquote  the trouble is, they\rquote ve got a lot of influence in the forest. \'85 Cleverest creatures in here \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is that why we\rquote re here, Hagrid?\rdblquote  asked Hermione. \ldblquote The centaurs?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah no,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, shaking his head dismissively, \ldblquote no, it\rquote s not them. \'85 Well, o\rquote  course, they could complicate the problem, yeah. \'85 But yeh\rquote ll see what I mean in a bit. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On this incomprehensible note he fell silent and forged a little ahead, taking one stride for every three of theirs, so that they had great trouble keeping up with him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The path was becoming increasingly overgrown and the trees grew so closely together as they walked farther and farther into the forest that it was as dark as dusk. They were soon a long way past the clear\-ing where Hagrid had shown them the thestrals, but Harry felt no sense of unease until Hagrid stepped unexpectedly off the path and began wending his way in and out of trees toward the dark heart of the forest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid?\rdblquote  said Harry, fighting his way through thickly knotted brambles over which Hagrid had stepped easily and remembering very vividly what had happened to him on the other occasions he had stepped off the forest path. \ldblquote Where are we going?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bit further,\rdblquote  said Hagrid over his shoulder. \ldblquote C\rquote mon, Harry. \'85 We need ter keep together now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a great struggle to keep up with Hagrid, what with branches and thickets of thorn through which Hagrid marched as easily as though they were cobwebs, but which snagged Harry and Hermione\rquote s robes, frequently entangling them so severely that they had to stop for minutes at a time to free themselves. Harry\rquote s arms and legs were soon covered in small cuts and scratches. They were so deep in the forest now that sometimes all Harry could see of Hagrid in the gloom was a massive dark shape ahead of him. Any sound seemed threatening in the muffled silence. The breaking of a twig echoed loudly and the tiniest rustle of movement, though it might have been made by an innocent sparrow, caused Harry to peer through the gloom for a culprit. It occurred to him that he had never managed to get this far into the for\-est without meeting some kind of creature \emdash  their absence struck him as rather ominous.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, would it be all right if we lit our wands?\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85 all righ\rquote ,\rdblquote  Hagrid whispered back. \ldblquote In fact\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stopped suddenly and turned around; Hermione walked right into him and was knocked over backward. Harry caught her just be\-fore she hit the forest floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe we bes\rquote  jus\rquote  stop fer a momen\rquote , so I can \'85 fill yeh in,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Before we ge\rquote  there, like.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good!\rdblquote  said Hermione, as Harry set her back on her feet. They both murmured \ldblquote\i Lumos\i0 !\rdblquote  and their wand tips ignited. Hagrid\rquote s face swam through the gloom by the light of the two wavering beams and Harry saw that he looked nervous and sad again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Righ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 see \'85 the thing is \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He took a great breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, there\rquote s a good chance I\rquote m goin\rquote  ter be gettin\rquote  the sack any day now,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione looked at each other, then back at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you\rquote ve lasted this long \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione said tentatively. \ldblquote What makes you think \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Umbridge reckons it was me that put tha\rquote  niffler in her office.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And was it?\rdblquote  said Harry, before he could stop himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it ruddy well wasn\rquote !\rdblquote  said Hagrid indignantly. \ldblquote On\rquote y anythin\rquote  ter do with magical creatures an\rquote  she thinks it\rquote s got somethin\rquote  ter do with me. Yeh know she\rquote s bin lookin\rquote  fer a chance ter get rid of me ever since I got back. I don\rquote  wan\rquote  ter go, o\rquote  course, but if it wasn\rquote  fer \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 the special circumstances I\rquote m abou\rquote  ter explain to yeh, I\rquote d leave righ now, before she\rquote s go\rquote  the chance ter do it in front o\rquote  the whole school, like she did with\lang3081  \lang1033 Trelawney.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione both made noises of protest, but Hagrid overrode them with a wave of one of his enormous hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not the end o\rquote  the world, I\rquote ll be able ter help Dumbledore once I\rquote m outta here, I can be useful ter the Order. An\rquote  you lot\rquote ll have Grubbly-Plank, yeh\rquote ll \emdash  yeh\rquote ll get through yer exams fine. \'85\rdblquote  His voice trembled and broke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote  worry abou\rquote  me,\rdblquote  he said hastily, as Hermione made to pat his arm. He pulled his enormous spotted handkerchief from the pocket of his waistcoat and mopped his eyes with it. \ldblquote Look, I wouldn\rquote  be tellin\rquote  yer this at all if I didn\rquote  have ter. See, if I go \'85 well, I can\rquote  leave withou\rquote  \'85 withou\rquote  tellin\rquote  someone \'85 because I\rquote ll \emdash  I\rquote ll need you two ter help me. An\rquote  Ron, if he\rquote s willin\rquote .\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course we\rquote ll help you,\rdblquote  said Harry at once. \ldblquote What do you want us to do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid gave a great sniff and patted Harry wordlessly on the shoul\-der with such force that Harry was knocked sideways into a tree.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew yeh\rquote d say yes,\rdblquote  said Hagrid into his handkerchief, \ldblquote but I won\rquote  \'85 never \'85 forget\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 c\rquote mon \'85 jus\rquote  a little bit fur\-ther through here \'85 Watch yerselves, now, there\rquote s nettles. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They walked on in silence for another fifteen minutes. Harry had\lang3081  \lang1033 opened his mouth to ask how much farther they had to go when Ha\-grid threw out his right arm to signal that they should stop.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really easy,\rdblquote  he said softly. \ldblquote Very quiet, now \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They crept forward and Harry saw that they were facing a large, smooth mound of earth nearly as tall as Hagrid that he thought, with a jolt of dread, was sure to be the lair of some enormous animal. Trees had been ripped up at the roots all around the mound, so that it stood on a bare patch of ground surrounded by heaps of trunks and boughs that formed a kind of fence or barricade, behind which Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid now stood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sleepin\rquote ,\rdblquote  breathed Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sure enough, Harry could hear a distant, rhythmic rumbling that sounded like a pair of enormous lungs at work. He glanced sideways at Hermione, who was gazing at the mound with her mouth slightly open. She looked utterly terrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid,\rdblquote  she said in a whisper barely audible over the sound of the sleeping creature, \ldblquote who is he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry found this an odd question. \'85\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  was the one he had been planning on asking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, you told us,\rdblquote  said Hermione, her wand now shaking in her hand, \ldblquote you told us none of them wanted to come!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked from her to Hagrid and then, as realization hit him, he looked back at the mound with a small gasp of horror.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The great mound of earth, on which he, Hermione, and Hagrid could easily have stood, was moving slowly up and down in time with the deep, grunting breathing. It was not a mound at all. It was the curved back of what was clearly \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  no \emdash  he didn\rquote  want ter come,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, sounding desperate. \ldblquote But I had ter bring him, Hermione, I had ter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, who sounded as though she wanted to cry. \ldblquote Why \emdash  what \emdash  oh, \i Hagrid\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew if I jus\rquote  got him back,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, sounding close to tears\lang3081  \lang1033 himself, \ldblquote an\rquote  \emdash  an\rquote  taught him a few manners \emdash  I\rquote d be able ter take him outside an\rquote  show ev\rquote ryone he\rquote s harmless!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harmless!\rdblquote  said Hermione shrilly, and Hagrid made frantic hush\-ing noises with his hands as the enormous creature before them grunted loudly and shifted in its sleep. \ldblquote He\rquote s been hurting you all this time, hasn\rquote t he? That\rquote s why you\rquote ve had all these injuries!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He don\rquote  know his own strength!\rdblquote  said Hagrid earnestly. \ldblquote An\rquote  he\rquote s gettin\rquote  better, he\rquote s not fightin\rquote  so much anymore \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So this is why it took you two months to get home!\rdblquote  said Hermione distractedly. \ldblquote Oh Hagrid, why did you bring him back if he didn\rquote t want to come, wouldn\rquote t he have been happier with his own people?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They were all bullyin\rquote  him, Hermione, \rquote cause he\rquote s so small!\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Small?\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote\i Small\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, I couldn\rquote  leave him,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, tears now trickling down his bruised face into his beard. \ldblquote See \emdash  he\rquote s my brother!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione simply stared at him, her mouth open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, when you say \lquote brother,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Harry slowly, \ldblquote do you mean \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  half-brother,\rdblquote  amended Hagrid. \ldblquote Turns out me mother took up with another giant when she left me dad, an\rquote  she went an\rquote  had Grawp here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Grawp?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 well, tha\rquote s what it sounds like when he says his name,\rdblquote  said Hagrid anxiously. \ldblquote He don\rquote  speak a lot of English. \'85 I\rquote ve bin tryin\rquote  ter teach him. \'85 Anyway, she don\rquote  seem ter have liked him much more\rquote n she liked me. \'85 See, with giantesses, what counts is producin\rquote  good big kids, and he\rquote s always been a bit on the runty side fer a giant \emdash  on\rquote y sixteen foot \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, tiny!\rdblquote  said Hermione, with a kind of hysterical sarcasm. \ldblquote Absolutely minuscule!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was bein\rquote  kicked around by all o\rquote  them \emdash  I jus\rquote  couldn\rquote  leave him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did Madame Maxime want to bring him back?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She \emdash  well, she could see it was right importan\rquote  ter me,\rdblquote  said Ha\-grid, twisting his enormous hands. \ldblquote Bu\rquote  \emdash  bu\rquote  she got a bit tired of him after a while, I must admit\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 so we split up on the journey home. \'85 She promised not ter tell anyone though. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How on earth did you get him back without anyone noticing?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, tha\rquote s why it took so long, see,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Could on\rquote y travel by nigh an\rquote  through wild country an\rquote  stuff. \rquote Course, he covers the ground pretty well when he wants ter, but he kep\rquote  wantin\rquote  ter go back. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh Hagrid, why on earth didn\rquote t you let him!\rdblquote  said Hermione, flopping down onto a ripped-up tree and burying her face in her hands. \ldblquote What do you think you\rquote re going to do with a violent giant who doesn\rquote t even want to be here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, now \emdash  \lquote violent\rquote  \emdash  tha\rquote s a bit harsh,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, still twisting his hands agitatedly. \ldblquote I\rquote ll admit he mighta taken a couple o\rquote  swings at me when he\rquote s bin in a bad mood, but he\rquote s gettin\rquote  better, loads better, settlin\rquote  down well. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are those ropes for, then?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had just noticed ropes thick as saplings stretching from around the trunks of the largest nearby trees toward the place where Grawp lay curled on the ground with his back to them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have to keep him tied up?\rdblquote  said Hermione faintly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \'85 yeah \'85\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking anxious. \ldblquote See \emdash  it\rquote s like I say \emdash  he doesn\rquote  really know his strength \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry understood now why there had been such a suspicious lack of any other living creature in this part of the forest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what is it you want Harry and Ron and me to do?\rdblquote  Hermione asked apprehensively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look after him,\rdblquote  said Hagrid croakily. \ldblquote After I\rquote m gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione exchanged miserable looks, Harry uncom\-fortably aware that he had already promised Hagrid that he would do whatever he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \emdash  what does that involve, exactly?\rdblquote  Hermione inquired.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not food or anythin\rquote !\rdblquote  said Hagrid eagerly. \ldblquote He can get his own food, no problem. Birds an\rquote  deer an\rquote  stuff\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 No, it\rquote s company he needs. If I jus\rquote  knew someone was carryin\rquote  on tryin\rquote  ter help him a bit \'85 teachin\rquote  him, yeh know \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said nothing, but turned to look back at the gigantic form lying asleep on the ground in front of them. Grawp had his back to them. Unlike Hagrid, who simply looked like a very oversize hu\-man, Grawp looked strangely misshapen. What Harry had taken to be a vast mossy boulder to the left of the great earthen mound he now recognized as Grawp\rquote s head. It was much larger in proportion to the body than a human head, almost perfectly round and covered with tightly curling, close-growing hair the color of bracken. The rim of a single large, fleshy ear was visible on top of the head, which seemed to sit, rather like Uncle Vernon\rquote s, directly upon the shoulders with little or no neck in between. The back, under what looked like a dirty brownish smock comprised of animal skins sewn roughly to\-gether, was very broad, and as Grawp slept, it seemed to strain a lit\-tle at the rough seams of the skins. The legs were curled up under the body; Harry could see the soles of enormous, filthy, bare feet, large as sledges, resting one on top of the other on the earthy forest floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You want us to teach him,\rdblquote  Harry said in a hollow voice. He now understood what Firenze\rquote s warning had meant. \i His attempt is not work\-ing. He would do better to abandon it.\i0  Of course, the other creatures who lived in the forest would have heard Hagrid\rquote s fruitless attempts to teach Grawp English. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \emdash  even if yeh jus\rquote  talk ter him a bit,\rdblquote  said Hagrid hopefully.\lang3081  \ldblquote  \rquote\lang1033 Cause I reckon, if he can talk ter people, he\rquote ll understand more that we all like him really, an\rquote  want him to stay. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at Hermione, who peered back at him from between the fingers over her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kind of makes you wish we had Norbert back, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  he said and she gave a very shaky laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh\rquote ll do it, then?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, who did not seem to have caught what Harry had just said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll \'85\rdblquote  said Harry, already bound by his promise. \ldblquote We\rquote ll try, Hagrid. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew I could count on yeh, Harry,\rdblquote  Hagrid said, beaming in a very watery way and dabbing at his face with his handkerchief again. \ldblquote An\rquote  I don\rquote  wan\rquote  yeh ter put yerself out too much, like. \'85 I know yeh\rquote ve got exams. \'85 If yeh could jus\rquote  nip down here in yer Invisibil\-ity Cloak maybe once a week an\rquote  have a little chat with him \'85 I\rquote ll wake him up, then \emdash  introduce you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wha \emdash  no!\rdblquote  said Hermione, jumping up, \ldblquote Hagrid, no, don\rquote t wake him, really, we don\rquote t need \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Hagrid had already stepped over the great trunk in front of them and was proceeding toward Grawp. When he was around ten feet away, he lifted a long, broken bough from the ground, smiled re\-assuringly over his shoulder at Harry and Hermione, and then poked Grawp hard in the middle of the back with the end of the bough.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The giant gave a roar that echoed around the silent forest. Birds in the treetops overhead rose twittering from their perches and soared away. In front of Harry and Hermione, meanwhile, the gigantic Grawp was rising from the ground, which shuddered as he placed an enor\-mous hand upon it to push himself onto his knees and turned his head to see who and what had disturbed him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All righ\rquote , Grawpy?\rdblquote  said Hagrid in a would-be cheery voice, back\-ing away with the long bough raised, ready to poke Grawp again. \ldblquote Had a nice sleep, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione retreated as far as they could while still keep\-ing the giant within their sights. Grawp knelt between two trees he had not yet uprooted. They looked up into his startlingly huge face, which resembled a gray full moon swimming in the gloom of the clearing. It was as though the features had been hewn onto a great stone ball. The nose was stubby and shapeless, the mouth lopsided and full of misshapen yellow teeth the size of half-bricks. The small eyes were a muddy greenish-brown and just now were half gummed together with sleep. Grawp raised dirty knuckles as big as cricket balls to his eyes, rubbed vigorously, then, without warning, pushed himself to his feet with surprising speed and agility.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh my \'85\rdblquote  Harry heard Hermione squeal, terrified, beside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The trees to which the other ends of the ropes around Grawp\rquote s wrists and ankles were attached creaked ominously. He was, as Hagrid had said, at least sixteen feet tall. Gazing blearily around, he reached out a hand the size of a beach umbrella, seized a bird\rquote s nest from the upper branches of a towering pine and turned it upside down with a roar of apparent displeasure that there was no bird in it \emdash  eggs fell like grenades toward the ground and Hagrid threw his arms over his head to protect himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway, Grawpy,\rdblquote  shouted Hagrid, looking up apprehensively in case of further falling eggs, \ldblquote I\rquote ve brought some friends ter meet yeh. Remember, I told yeh I might? Remember, when I said I might have ter go on a little trip an\rquote  leave them ter look after yeh fer a bit? Re\-member that, Grawpy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Grawp merely gave another low roar; it was hard to say whether he was listening to Hagrid or whether he even recognized the sounds Hagrid was making as speech. He had now seized the top of the pine tree and was pulling it toward him, evidently for the simple pleasure of seeing how far it would spring back when he let go.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, Grawpy, don\rquote  do that!\rdblquote  shouted Hagrid. \ldblquote Tha\rquote s how you ended up pullin\rquote  up the others \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And sure enough, Harry could see the earth around the tree\rquote s roots beginning to crack.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I got company fer yeh!\rdblquote  Hagrid shouted. \ldblquote Company, see! Look down, yeh big buffoon, I brought yeh some friends!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh Hagrid, don\rquote t,\rdblquote  moaned Hermione, but Hagrid had already raised the bough again and gave Grawp\rquote s knee a sharp poke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The giant let go of the top of the pine tree, which swayed menac\-ingly and deluged Hagrid with a rain of needles, and looked down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i This,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Hagrid, hastening over to where Harry and Hermione stood, \ldblquote is Harry, Grawp! Harry Potter! He migh\rquote  be comin\rquote  ter visit yeh if I have ter go away, understand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The giant had only just realized that Harry and Hermione were there. They watched, in great trepidation, as he lowered his huge boul\-der of a head so that he could peer blearily at them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An\rquote  this is Hermione, see? Her \emdash\rdblquote  Hagrid hesitated. Turning to Hermione he said, \ldblquote Would yeh mind if he called yeh Hermy, Hermi\-one? On\rquote y it\rquote s a difficult name fer him ter remember. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, not at all,\rdblquote  squeaked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is Hermy, Grawp! An\rquote  she\rquote s gonna be comin\rquote  an\rquote  all! Is\rquote n tha\rquote  nice? Eh? Two friends fer yeh ter \emdash  GRAWPY, NO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Grawp\rquote s hand had shot out of nowhere toward Hermione \emdash  Harry seized her and pulled her backward behind the tree, so that Grawp\rquote s fist scraped the trunk but closed on thin air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote BAD BOY, GRAWPY!\rdblquote  Harry heard Hagrid yelling, as Hermione clung to Harry behind the tree, shaking and whimpering. \ldblquote VERY BAD BOY! YEH DON\rquote  GRAB \emdash  OUCH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry poked his head out from around the trunk and saw Hagrid lying on his back, his hand over his nose. Grawp, apparently losing in\-terest, had straightened up again and was again engaged in pulling back the pine as far as it would go.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Righ\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid thickly, getting up with one hand pinching his\lang3081  \lang1033 bleeding nose and the other grasping his crossbow. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 there yeh are. \'85 Yeh\rquote ve met him an\rquote  \emdash  an\rquote  now he\rquote ll know yeh when yeh come back. Yeah \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked up at Grawp, who was now pulling back the pine with an expression of detached pleasure on his boulderish face; the roots were creaking as he ripped them away from the ground. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I reckon tha\rquote s enough fer one day,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote We\rquote ll \emdash  er \emdash  we\rquote ll go back now, shall we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione nodded. Hagrid shouldered his crossbow again and, still pinching his nose, led the way back into the trees.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody spoke for a while, not even when they heard the distant crash that meant Grawp had pulled over the pine tree at last. Hermione\rquote s face was pale and set. Harry could not think of a single thing to say. What on earth was going to happen when somebody found out that Hagrid had hidden Grawp in the forest? And he had promised that he, Ron, and Hermione would continue Hagrid\rquote s to\-tally pointless attempts to civilize the giant. \'85 How could Hagrid, even with his immense capacity to delude himself that fanged mon\-sters were lovably harmless, fool himself that Grawp would ever be fit to mix with humans?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hold it,\rdblquote  said Hagrid abruptly, just as Harry and Hermione were struggling through a patch of thick knotgrass behind him. He pulled an arrow out of the quiver over his shoulder and fitted it into the crossbow. Harry and Hermione raised their wands; now that they had stopped walking, they too could hear movement close by.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh blimey,\rdblquote  said Hagrid quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought that we told you, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said a deep male voice, \ldblquote that you are no longer welcome here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A man\rquote s naked torso seemed for an instant to be floating toward them through the dappled green half-light. Then they saw that his waist joined smoothly with a horse\rquote s chestnut body. This centaur had\lang3081  \lang1033 a proud, high-cheekboned face and long black hair. Like Hagrid, he was armed: A quiverful of arrows and a long bow were slung over his shoulders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are yeh, Magorian?\rdblquote  said Hagrid warily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The trees behind the centaur rustled and four or five more emerged behind him. Harry recognized the black-bodied and bearded Bane, whom he had met nearly four years ago on the same night he had met Firenze. Bane gave no sign that he had ever seen Harry before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  he said, with a nasty inflection in his voice, before turning immediately to Magorian. \ldblquote We agreed, I think, what we would do if this human showed his face in the forest again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote This human\rquote  now, am I?\rdblquote  said Hagrid testily. \ldblquote Jus\rquote  fer stoppin\rquote  all of yeh committin\rquote  murder?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You ought not to have meddled, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Magorian. \ldblquote Our ways are not yours, nor are our laws. Firenze has betrayed and dis\-honored us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno how yeh work that out,\rdblquote  said Hagrid impatiently. \ldblquote He\rquote s done nothin\rquote  except help Albus Dumbledore \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Firenze has entered into servitude to humans,\rdblquote  said a gray centaur with a hard, deeply lined face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Servitude\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Hagrid scathingly. \ldblquote He\rquote s doin\rquote  Dumbledore a favor is all \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He is peddling our knowledge and secrets among humans,\rdblquote  said Magorian quietly. \ldblquote There can be no return from such disgrace.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If yeh say so,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, shrugging, \ldblquote but personally I think yeh\rquote re makin\rquote  a big mistake \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As are you, human,\rdblquote  said Bane, \ldblquote coming back into our forest when we warned you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, you listen ter me,\rdblquote  said Hagrid angrily. \ldblquote I\rquote ll have less of the \lquote our\rquote  forest, if it\rquote s all the same ter you. It\rquote s not up ter you who comes an\rquote  goes in here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No more is it up to you, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Magorian smoothly. \ldblquote I shall let you pass today because you are accompanied by your young \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re not his!\rdblquote  interrupted Bane contemptuously. \ldblquote Students, Magorian, from up at the school! They have probably already profited from the traitor Firenze\rquote s teachings. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nevertheless,\rdblquote  said Magorian calmly, \ldblquote the slaughter of foals is a terrible crime. \'85 We do not touch the innocent. Today, Hagrid, you pass. Henceforth, stay away from this place. You forfeited the friend\-ship of the centaurs when you helped the traitor Firenze escape us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I won\rquote  be kept outta the fores\rquote  by a bunch of mules like you!\rdblquote  said Hagrid loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a high-pitched and terrified voice, as both Bane and the gray centaur pawed at the ground, \ldblquote let\rquote s go, please lets go!\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid moved forward, but his crossbow was still raised and his eyes were still fixed threateningly upon Magorian.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We know what you are keeping in the forest, Hagrid!\rdblquote  Magorian called after them, as the centaurs slipped out of sight. \ldblquote And our toler\-ance is waning!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid turned and gave every appearance of wanting to walk straight back to Magorian again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll tolerate him as long as he\rquote s here, it\rquote s as much his forest as yours!\rdblquote  he yelled, while Harry and Hermione both pushed with all their might against Hagrid\rquote s moleskin waistcoat in an effort to keep him moving forward. Still scowling, he looked down; his expression changed to mild surprise at the sight of them both pushing him. He seemed not to have felt it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Calm down, you two,\rdblquote  he said, turning to walk on while they panted along behind him. \ldblquote Ruddy old nags though, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Hermione breathlessly, skirting the patch of nettles they had passed on their way there, \ldblquote if the centaurs don\rquote t want\lang3081  \lang1033 humans in the forest, it doesn\rquote t really look as though Harry and I will be able \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, you heard what they said,\rdblquote  said Hagrid dismissively \ldblquote They wouldn\rquote t hurt foals \emdash  I mean, kids. Anyway, we can\rquote  let ourselves be pushed around by that lot. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice try,\rdblquote  Harry murmured to Hermione, who looked crestfallen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At last they rejoined the path and after another ten minutes, the trees began to thin. They were able to see patches of clear blue sky again and hear, in the distance, the definite sounds of cheering and shouting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Was that another goal?\rdblquote  asked Hagrid, pausing in the shelter of the trees as the Quidditch stadium came into view. \ldblquote Or d\rquote you reckon the match is over?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Hermione miserably. Harry saw that she looked much the worse for wear; her hair was full of bits of twig and leaves, her robes were ripped in several places and there were numerous scratches on her face and arms. He knew he could look little better.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I reckon it\rquote s over, yeh know!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, still squinting toward the stadium. \ldblquote Look \emdash  there\rquote s people comin\rquote  out already \emdash  if you two hurry yeh\rquote ll be able ter blend in with the crowd an\rquote  no one\rquote ll know you weren\rquote t there!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good idea,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 see you later, then, Hagrid. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe him,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a very unsteady voice, the moment they were out of earshot of Hagrid. \ldblquote I don\rquote t believe him. I \i really\i0  don\rquote t believe him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Calm down,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Calm down!\rdblquote  she said feverishly. \ldblquote A giant! A giant in the forest! And we\rquote re supposed to give him English lessons! Always assuming, of course, we can get past the herd of murderous centaurs on the way in and out! I \emdash  don\rquote t \emdash  \i believe\i0  \emdash  him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We haven\rquote t got to do anything yet!\rdblquote  Harry tried to reassure her in\lang3081  \lang1033 a quiet voice, as they joined a stream of jabbering Hufflepuffs heading back toward the castle. \ldblquote He\rquote s not asking us to do anything unless he gets chucked out and that might not even happen \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh come off it, Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione angrily, stopping dead in her tracks so that the people behind her had to swerve to avoid her. \ldblquote Of course he\rquote s going to be chucked out and to be perfectly honest, af\-ter what we\rquote ve just seen, who can blame Umbridge?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause in which Harry glared at her, and her eyes filled slowly with tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t mean that,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 all right\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  she said, wiping her eyes angrily. \ldblquote But why does he have to make life so difficult for himself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  for \i us\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Weasley is our King,\par
Weasley is our King,\par
He didn\rquote t let the Quaffle in,\par
Weasley is our King\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And I wish they\rquote d stop singing that stupid song,\rdblquote  said Hermione miserably, \ldblquote haven\rquote t they gloated enough?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A great tide of students was moving up the sloping lawns from the pitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, let\rquote s get in before we have to meet the Slytherins,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Weasley can save anything,\par
He never leaves a single ring\par
That\rquote s why Gryffindors all sing:\par
Weasley is our King.\par
\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione \'85\rdblquote  said Harry slowly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The song was growing louder, but it was issuing not from a crowd of green-and-silver-clad Slytherins, but from a mass of red and gold moving slowly toward the castle, which was bearing a solitary figure upon its many shoulders. \'85\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Weasley is our King,\par
Weasley is our King,\par
He didn\rquote t let the Quaffle in,\par
Weasley is our King\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Hermione in a hushed voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote YES!\rdblquote  said Harry loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HARRY! HERMIONE!\rdblquote  yelled Ron, waving the silver Quidditch Cup in the air and looking quite beside himself. \ldblquote WE DID IT! WE WON!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They beamed up at him as he passed; there was a scrum at the door of the castle and Ron\rquote s head got rather badly bumped on the lintel, but nobody seemed to want to put him down. Still singing, the crowd squeezed itself into the entrance hall and out of sight. Harry and Hermione watched them go, beaming, until the last echoing strains of \ldblquote Weasley Is Our King\rdblquote  died away. Then they turned to each other, their smiles fading.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll save our news till tomorrow, shall we?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, all right,\rdblquote  said Hermione wearily. \ldblquote I\rquote m not in any hurry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They climbed the steps together. At the front doors both instinc\-tively looked back at the Forbidden Forest. Harry was not sure whether it was his imagination or not, but he rather thought he saw a small cloud of birds erupting into the air over the treetops in the dis\-tance, almost as though the tree in which they had been nesting had just been pulled up by the roots.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 31\par
\pard\qc O.W.L.S\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Ron\rquote s euphoria at helping Gryffindor scrape the Quidditch Cup was such that he could not settle to anything next day. All he wanted to do was talk over the match and Harry and Hermione found it very difficult to find an opening in which to mention Grawp \emdash  not that either of them tried very hard; neither was keen to be the one to bring Ron back to reality in quite such a brutal fashion. As it was an\-other fine, warm day, they persuaded him to join them in studying under the beech tree on the edge of the lake, where they stood less chance of being overheard than in the common room. Ron was not particularly keen on this idea at first; he was thoroughly enjoying be\-ing patted on the back by Gryffindors walking past his chair, not to mention the occasional outbursts of \ldblquote Weasley Is Our King,\rdblquote  but agreed after a while that some fresh air might do him good.\par
They spread their books out in the shade of the beech tree and sat down while Ron talked them through his first save of the match for what felt like the dozenth time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I mean, I\rquote d already let in that one of Davies\rquote s, so I wasn\rquote t feel\-ing that confident, but I dunno, when Bradley came toward me, just\lang3081  \lang1033 out of nowhere, I thought \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033\i you can do this\i0 ! And I had about a sec\-ond to decide which way to fly, you know, because he looked like he was aiming for the right goal hoop \emdash  my right, obviously, his left \emdash  but I had a funny feeling that he was feinting, and so I took the chance and flew left \emdash  his right, I mean \emdash  and \emdash  well \emdash  you saw what happened,\rdblquote  he concluded modestly, sweeping his hair back quite unnecessarily so that it looked interestingly windswept and glancing around to see whether the people nearest to them \emdash  a bunch of gos\-siping third-year Hufflepuffs \emdash  had heard him. \ldblquote And then, when Chambers came at me about five minutes later \emdash  what?\rdblquote  Ron said, stopping mid-sentence at the look on Harry\rquote s face. \ldblquote Why are you grinning?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, looking down at his Transfiguration notes and attempting to straighten his face. The truth was that Ron had just reminded Harry forcibly of another Gryffindor Quidditch player who had once sat rumpling his hair under this very tree. \ldblquote I\rquote m just glad we won, that\rquote s all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron slowly, savoring the words, \ldblquote\i we won.\i0  Did you see the look on Chang\rquote s face when Ginny got the Snitch right out from under her nose?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose she cried, did she?\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, yeah \emdash  more out of temper than anything, though \'85\rdblquote  Ron frowned slightly. \ldblquote But you saw her chuck her broom away when she got back to the ground, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, actually\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 no, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione with a heavy sigh, putting down her book and looking at him apologetically. \ldblquote As a mat\-ter of fact, the only bit of the match Harry and I saw was Davies\rquote s first goal.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s carefully ruffled hair seemed to wilt with disappointment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t watch?\rdblquote  he said faintly, looking from one to the other. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t see me make any of those saves?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  no,\rdblquote  said Hermione, stretching out a placatory hand to\-ward him. \ldblquote But Ron, we didn\rquote t want to leave \emdash  we had to!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah?\rdblquote  said Ron, whose face was growing rather red. \ldblquote How come?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He decided to tell us why he\rquote s been covered in injuries ever since he got back from the giants. He wanted us to go into the forest with him, we had no choice, you know how he gets. \'85 Anyway \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The story was told in five minutes, by the end of which Ron\rquote s in\-dignation had been replaced by a look of total incredulity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i He brought one back and hid it in the forest\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Harry grimly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron, as though by saying this he could make it untrue. \ldblquote No, he can\rquote t have. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, he has,\rdblquote  said Hermione firmly. \ldblquote Grawp\rquote s about sixteen feet tall, enjoys ripping up twenty-foot pine trees, and knows me,\rdblquote  she snorted, \ldblquote as \i Hermy.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron gave a nervous laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Hagrid wants us to \'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Teach him English, yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s lost his mind,\rdblquote  said Ron in an almost awed voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione irritably, turning a page of \i Intermediate Transfiguration\i0  and glaring at a series of diagrams showing an owl turning into a pair of opera glasses. \ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m starting to think he has. But unfortunately, he made Harry and me promise.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you\rquote re just going to have to break your promise, that\rquote s all,\rdblquote  said Ron firmly. \ldblquote I mean, come on \'85 We\rquote ve got exams and we\rquote re about that far,\rdblquote  he held up his hand to show thumb and forefinger a millimeter apart, \ldblquote from being chucked out as it is. And anyway \'85 re\-member Norbert? Remember Aragog? Have we ever come off better for mixing with any of Hagrid\rquote s monster mates?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, it\rquote s just that \emdash  we promised,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a small voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron smoothed his hair flat again, looking preoccupied.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  he sighed, \ldblquote Hagrid hasn\rquote t been sacked yet, has he? He\rquote s hung on this long, maybe he\rquote ll hang on till the end of term and we won\rquote t have to go near Grawp at all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 The castle grounds were gleaming in the sunlight as though freshly painted; the cloudless sky smiled at itself in the smoothly sparkling lake, the satin-green lawns rippled occasionally in a gentle breeze: June had arrived, but to the fifth years this meant only one thing: Their O.W.L.s were upon them at last.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Their teachers were no longer setting them homework; lessons were devoted to reviewing those topics their teachers thought most likely to come up in the exams. The purposeful, feverish atmosphere drove nearly everything but the O.W.L.s from Harry\rquote s mind, though he did wonder occasionally during Potions lessons whether Lupin had ever told Snape that he must continue giving Harry Occlumency tuition: If he had, then Snape had ignored Lupin as thoroughly as he was now ignoring Harry. This suited Harry very well; he was quite busy and tense enough without extra classes with Snape, and to his re\-lief Hermione was much too preoccupied these days to badger him about Occlumency. She was spending a lot of time muttering to her\-self and had not laid out any elf clothes for days.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was not the only person acting oddly as the O.W.L.s drew steadily nearer. Ernie Macmillan had developed an irritating habit of interrogating people about their study habits.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How many hours d\rquote you think you\rquote re doing a day?\rdblquote  he demanded of Harry and Ron as they queued outside Herbology, a manic gleam in his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote A few \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote More or less than eight?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Less, I s\rquote pose,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking slightly alarmed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m doing eight,\rdblquote  said Ernie, puffing out his chest. \ldblquote Eight or nine.\lang3081  \lang1033 I\rquote m getting an hour in before breakfast every day. Eight\rquote s my average. I can do ten on a good weekend day. I did nine and a half on Monday. Not so good on Tuesday \emdash  only seven and a quarter. Then on Wednesday \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was deeply thankful that Professor Sprout ushered them into greenhouse three at that point, forcing Ernie to abandon his recital.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Meanwhile Draco Malfoy had found a different way to induce panic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, it\rquote s not what you know,\rdblquote  he was heard to tell Crabbe and Goyle loudly outside Potions a few days before the exams were to start, \ldblquote it\rquote s who you know. Now, Father\rquote s been friendly with the head of the Wizarding Examinations Authority for years \emdash  old Griselda Marchbanks \emdash  we\rquote ve had her round for dinner and everything. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you think that\rquote s true?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered to Harry and Ron, looking frightened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing we can do about it if it is,\rdblquote  said Ron gloomily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think it\rquote s true,\rdblquote  said Neville quietly from behind them. \ldblquote Because Griselda Marchbanks is a friend of my gran\rquote s, and she\rquote s never mentioned the Malfoys.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s she like, Neville?\rdblquote  asked Hermione at once. \ldblquote Is she strict?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bit like Gran, really,\rdblquote  said Neville in a subdued voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Knowing her won\rquote t hurt your chances though, will it?\rdblquote  Ron told him encouragingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I don\rquote t think it will make any difference,\rdblquote  said Neville, still more miserably. \ldblquote Gran\rquote s always telling Professor Marchbanks I\rquote m not as good as my dad. \'85 Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 you saw what she\rquote s like at St. Mungo\rquote s. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville looked fixedly at the floor. Harry, Ron, and Hermione glanced at one another, but didn\rquote t know what to say. It was the first time that Neville had acknowledged that they had met at the Wizard\-ing hospital.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Meanwhile a flourishing black-market trade in aids to concentra\-tion, mental agility, and wakefulness had sprung up among the fifth\lang3081  \lang1033 and seventh years. Harry and Ron were much tempted by the bottle of Baruffio\rquote s Brain Elixir offered to them by Ravenclaw sixth year Ed\-die Carmichael, who swore it was solely responsible for the nine \ldblquote Outstanding\rdblquote  O.W.L.s he had gained the previous summer and was offering the whole pint for a mere twelve Galleons. Ron assured Harry he would reimburse him for his half the moment he left Hogwarts and got a job, but before they could close the deal, Hermione had confiscated the bottle from Carmichael and poured the contents down a toilet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, we wanted to buy that!\rdblquote  shouted Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be stupid,\rdblquote  she snarled. \ldblquote You might as well take Harold Dingle\rquote s powdered dragon claw and have done with it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dingle\rquote s got powdered dragon claw?\rdblquote  said Ron eagerly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not anymore,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I confiscated that too. None of these things actually works you know \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dragon claw does work!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s supposed to be incredible, really gives your brain a boost, you come over all cunning for a few hours \emdash  Hermione, let me have a pinch, go on, it can\rquote t hurt \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This stuff can,\rdblquote  said Hermione grimly. \ldblquote I\rquote ve had a look at it, and it\rquote s actually dried doxy droppings.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This information took the edge off Harry and Ron\rquote s desire for brain stimulants.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They received their examination schedules and details of the proce\-dure for O.W.L.s during their next Transfiguration lesson.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As you can see,\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall told the class while they copied down the dates and times of their exams from the blackboard, \ldblquote your O.W.L.s are spread over two successive weeks. You will sit the theory exams in the mornings and the practice in the afternoons. Your practical Astronomy examination will, of course, take place at night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, I must warn you that the most stringent Anti-Cheating Charms have been applied to your examination papers. Auto-Answer\lang3081  \lang1033 Quills are banned from the examination hall, as are Remembralls, Detachable Cribbing Cuffs, and Self-Correcting Ink. Every year, I am afraid to say, seems to harbor at least one student who thinks that he or she can get around the Wizarding Examinations Authority\rquote s rules. I can only hope that it is nobody in Gryffindor. Our new \emdash  head\-mistress\rdblquote  \emdash  Professor McGonagall pronounced the word with the same look on her face that Aunt Petunia had whenever she was con\-templating a particularly stubborn bit of dirt \emdash  \ldblquote has asked the Heads of House to tell their students that cheating will be punished most se\-verely \emdash  because, of course, your examination results will reflect upon the headmistress\rquote s new regime at the school. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall gave a tiny sigh. Harry saw the nostrils of her sharp nose flare.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote However, that is no reason not to do your very best. You have your own futures to think about.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please, Professor,\rdblquote  said Hermione, her hand in the air, \ldblquote when will we find out our results?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An owl will be sent to you some time in July,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent,\rdblquote  said Dean Thomas in an audible whisper, \ldblquote so we don\rquote t have to worry about it till the holidays. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry imagined sitting in his bedroom in Privet Drive in six weeks\rquote  time, waiting for his O.W.L. results. Well, he thought, at least he would be sure of one bit of post next summer. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Their first exam, Theory of Charms, was scheduled for Monday morning. Harry agreed to test Hermione after lunch on Sunday but regretted it almost at once. She was very agitated and kept snatching the book back from him to check that she had gotten the answer com\-pletely right, finally hitting him hard on the nose with the sharp edge of \i Achievements in Charming.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why don\rquote t you just do it yourself?\rdblquote  he said firmly, handing the book back to her, his eyes watering.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Meanwhile Ron was reading two years of Charms notes with his fingers in his ears, his lips moving soundlessly; Seamus was lying flat on his back on the floor, reciting the definition of a Substantive Charm, while Dean checked it against \i The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 5\i0 ; and Parvati and Lavender, who were practicing basic loco\-motion charms, were making their pencil cases race each other around the edge of the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dinner was a subdued affair that night. Harry and Ron did not talk much, but ate with gusto, having studied hard all day. Hermione on the other hand kept putting down her knife and fork and diving un\-der the table for her bag, from which she would seize a book to check some fact or figure. Ron was just telling her that she ought to eat a de\-cent meal or she would not sleep that night, when her fork slid from her limp fingers and landed with a loud tinkle on her plate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, my goodness,\rdblquote  she said faintly, staring into the entrance hall. \ldblquote Is that them? Is that the examiners?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron whipped around on their bench. Through the doors to the Great Hall they could see Umbridge standing with a small group of ancient-looking witches and wizards. Umbridge, Harry was pleased to see, looked rather nervous.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shall we go and have a closer look?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione nodded and they hastened toward the double doors into the entrance hall, slowing down as they stepped over the threshold to walk sedately past the examiners. Harry thought Profes\-sor Marchbanks must be the tiny, stooped witch with a face so lined it looked as though it had been draped in cobwebs; Umbridge was speaking to her very deferentially. Professor Marchbanks seemed to be a little deaf; she was answering Umbridge very loudly considering that they were only a foot apart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Journey was fine, journey was fine, we\rquote ve made it plenty of times before!\rdblquote  she said impatiently. \ldblquote Now, I haven\rquote t heard from Dumbledore lately!\rdblquote  she added, peering around the hall as though hopeful he might\lang3081  \lang1033 suddenly emerge from a broom cupboard. \ldblquote No idea where he is, I suppose?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote None at all,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, shooting a malevolent look at Harry, Ron, and Hermione, who were now dawdling around the foot of the stairs as Ron pretended to do up his shoelace. \ldblquote But I daresay the Ministry of Magic will track him down soon enough. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I doubt it,\rdblquote  shouted tiny Professor Marchbanks, \ldblquote not if Dumble\-dore doesn\rquote t want to be found! I should know. \'85 Examined him personally in Transfiguration and Charms when he did N.E.W.T.s \'85 Did things with a wand I\rquote d never seen before \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge as Harry, Ron, and Hermione dragged their feet up the marble staircase as slowly as they dared, \ldblquote let me show you to the staffroom \'85 I daresay you\rquote d like a cup of tea after your journey. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was an uncomfortable sort of an evening. Everyone was trying to do some last-minute studying but nobody seemed to be getting very far. Harry went to bed early but then lay awake for what felt like hours. He remembered his careers consultation and McGonagall\rquote s fu\-rious declaration that she would help him become an Auror if it was the last thing she did. \'85 He wished he had expressed a more achiev\-able ambition now that exam time was here. \'85 He knew that he was not the only one lying awake, but none of the others in the dormitory spoke and finally, one by one, they fell asleep.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 None of the fifth years talked very much at breakfast next day ei\-ther. Parvati was practicing incantations under her breath while the salt cellar in front of her twitched, Hermione was rereading \i Achieve\-ment in Charming\i0  so fast that her eyes appeared blurred, and Neville kept dropping his knife and fork and knocking over the marmalade.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once breakfast was over, the fifth and seventh years milled around in the entrance hall while the other students went off to lessons. Then, at half-past nine, they were called forward class by class to reenter the Great Hall, which was now arranged exactly as Harry had seen it in\lang3081  \lang1033 the Pensieve when his father, Sirius, and Snape had been taking their O.W.L.s. The four House tables had been removed and replaced in\-stead with many tables for one, all facing the staff-table end of the Hall where Professor McGonagall stood facing them. When they were all seated and quiet she said, \ldblquote You may begin,\rdblquote  and turned over an enormous hourglass on the desk beside her, on which were also spare quills, ink bottles, and rolls of parchment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned over his paper, his heart thumping hard. \'85 Three rows to his right and four seats ahead, Hermione was already scrib\-bling. \'85 He lowered his eyes to the first question: \i a) Give the incanta\-tion, and b) describe the wand movement required to make objects fly. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Harry had a fleeting memory of a club soaring high into the air and landing loudly on the thick skull of a troll. \'85 Smiling slightly, he bent over the paper and began to write. \'85\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it wasn\rquote t too bad, was it?\rdblquote  asked Hermione anxiously in the en\-trance hall two hours later, still clutching the exam paper. \ldblquote I\rquote m not sure I did myself justice on Cheering Charms, I just ran out of time \emdash  did you put in the countercharm for hiccups? I wasn\rquote t sure whether I ought to, it felt like too much \emdash  and on question twenty-three \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron sternly, \ldblquote we\rquote ve been through this before. \'85 We\rquote re not going through every exam afterward, it\rquote s bad enough doing them once.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The fifth years ate lunch with the rest of the school (the four House tables reappeared over the lunch hour) and then trooped off into the small chamber beside the Great Hall, where they were to wait until called for their practical examination. As small groups of students were called forward in alphabetical order, those left behind muttered incantations and practiced wand movements, occasionally poking one another in the back or eye by mistake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s name was called. Trembling, she left the chamber with\lang3081  \lang1033 Anthony Goldstein, Gregory Goyle, and Daphne Greengrass. Stu\-dents who had already been tested did not return afterward, so Harry and Ron had no idea how Hermione had done.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote ll be fine \emdash  remember she got a hundred and twelve percent on one of our Charms tests?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ten minutes later, Professor Flitwick called, \ldblquote Parkinson, Pansy \emdash  Patil, Padma \emdash  Patil, Parvati \emdash  Potter, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good luck,\rdblquote  said Ron quietly. Harry walked into the Great Hall, clutching his wand so tightly his hand shook.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Tofty is free, Potter,\rdblquote  squeaked Professor Flitwick, who was standing just inside the door. He pointed Harry toward what looked like the very oldest and baldest examiner, who was sitting be\-hind a small table in a far corner, a short distance from Professor Marchbanks, who was halfway through testing Draco Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, is it?\rdblquote  said Professor Tofty, consulting his notes and peering over his pince-nez at Harry as he approached. \ldblquote The famous Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Out of the corner of his eye, Harry distinctly saw Malfoy throw a scathing look over at him; the wine glass Malfoy had been levitating fell to the floor and smashed. Harry could not suppress a grin. Profes\-sor Tofty smiled back at him encouragingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s it,\rdblquote  he said in his quavery old voice, \ldblquote no need to be nervous. \'85 Now, if I could ask you to take this eggcup and make it do some cartwheels for me. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On the whole Harry thought it went rather well; his Levitation Charm was certainly much better than Malfoy\rquote s had been, though he wished he had not mixed up the incantations for Color-Change and Growth Charms, so that the rat he was supposed to be turning orange swelled shockingly and was the size of a badger before Harry could rectify his mistake. He was glad Hermione had not been in the Hall at the time and neglected to mention it to her afterward. He could tell Ron, though; Ron had caused a dinner plate to mutate into a large mushroom and had no idea how it had happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no time to relax that night \emdash  they went straight to the common room after dinner and submerged themselves in studying for Transfiguration next day. Harry went to bed, his head buzzing with complex spell models and theories.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He forgot the definition of a Switching Spell during his written exam next morning, but thought his practical could have been a lot worse. At least he managed to vanish the whole of his iguana, whereas poor Hannah Abbott lost her head completely at the next table and somehow managed to multiply her ferret into a flock of flamingos, causing the examination to be halted for ten minutes while the birds were captured and carried out of the Hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had their Herbology exam on Wednesday (other than a small bite from a Fanged Geranium, Harry felt he had done reasonably well) and then, on Thursday, Defense Against the Dark Arts. Here, for the first time, Harry felt sure he had passed. He had no problem with any of the written questions and took particular pleasure, during the practical examination, in performing all the counterjinxes and defen\-sive spells right in front of Umbridge, who was watching coolly from near the doors into the entrance hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh bravo!\rdblquote  cried Professor Tofty, who was examining Harry again, when Harry demonstrated a perfect boggart banishing spell. \ldblquote Very good indeed! Well, I think that\rquote s all, Potter \'85 unless \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He leaned forward a little.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I heard, from my dear friend Tiberius Ogden, that you can pro\-duce a Patronus? For a bonus point\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry raised his wand, looked directly at Umbridge, and imagined her being sacked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expecto Patronum\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The silver stag erupted from the end of his wand and cantered the length of the hall. All of the examiners looked around to watch its progress and when it dissolved into silver mist, Professor Tofty clapped his veined and knotted hands enthusiastically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Very well, Potter, you may go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry passed Umbridge beside the door their eyes met. There was a nasty smile playing around her wide, slack mouth, but he did not care. Unless he was very much mistaken (and he was not planning on saying it to anybody, in case he was), he had just achieved an \ldblquote Out\-standing\rdblquote  O.W.L.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On Friday, Harry and Ron had a day off while Hermione sat her Ancient Runes exam, and as they had the whole weekend in front of them, they permitted themselves a break from studying. They stretched and yawned beside the open window, through which warm summer air wafted over them as they played a desultory game of wiz\-ard chess. Harry could see Hagrid in the distance, teaching a class on the edge of the forest. He was trying to guess what creatures they were examining \emdash  he thought it must be unicorns, because the boys seemed to be standing back a little \emdash  when the portrait hole opened and Hermione clambered in, looking thoroughly bad tempered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How were the runes?\rdblquote  said Ron, yawning and stretching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I mistranslated \lquote ehwaz,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Hermione furiously. \ldblquote It means \lquote part\-nership,\rquote  not \lquote defense,\rquote  I mixed it up with \lquote eihwaz.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah well,\rdblquote  said Ron lazily, \ldblquote that\rquote s only one mistake, isn\rquote t it, you\rquote ll still get \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh shut up,\rdblquote  said Hermione angrily, \ldblquote it could be the one mistake that makes the difference between a pass and a fail. And what\rquote s more, someone\rquote s put another niffler in Umbridge\rquote s office, I don\rquote t know how they got it through that new door, but I just walked past there and Umbridge is shrieking her head off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  by the sound of it, it tried to take a chunk out of her leg \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is \i not\i0  good!\rdblquote  said Hermione hotly. \ldblquote She thinks it\rquote s Hagrid doing it, remember? And we do \i not \i0 want Hagrid chucked out!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s teaching at the moment, she can\rquote t blame him,\rdblquote  said Harry, gesturing out of the window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, you\rquote re so \i naive\i0  sometimes, Harry, you really think Umbridge will wait for proof?\rdblquote  said Hermione, who seemed determined to be in a towering temper, and she swept off toward the girls\rquote  dormitories, banging the door behind her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Such a lovely, sweet-tempered girl,\rdblquote  said Ron, very quietly, prod\-ding his queen forward so that she could begin beating up one of Harry\rquote s knights.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s bad mood persisted for most of the weekend, though Harry and Ron found it quite easy to ignore as they spent most of Saturday and Sunday studying for Potions on Monday, the exam to which Harry was looking forward least and which he was sure would be the one that would be the downfall of his ambitions to become an Auror. Sure enough, he found the written exam difficult, though he thought he might have got full marks on the question about Polyjuice Potion: He could describe its effects extremely accurately, having taken it illegally in his second year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The afternoon practical was not as dreadful as he had expected it to be. With Snape absent from the proceedings he found that he was much more relaxed than he usually was while making potions. Neville, who was sitting very near Harry, also looked happier than Harry had ever seen him during a Potions class. When Professor Marchbanks said, \ldblquote Step away from your cauldrons, please, the examination is over,\rdblquote  Harry corked his sample flask feeling that he might not have achieved a good grade but that he had, with luck, avoided a fail.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only four exams left,\rdblquote  said Parvati Patil wearily as they headed back to Gryffindor common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only!\rdblquote  said Hermione snappishly. \i\ldblquote I\rquote ve\i0  got Arithmancy and it\rquote s probably the toughest subject there is!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody was foolish enough to snap back, so she was unable to vent her spleen on any of them and was reduced to telling off some first years for giggling too loudly in the common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was determined to perform well in Tuesday\rquote s Care of Magi\-cal Creatures exam so as not to let Hagrid down. The practical exam\-ination took place in the afternoon on the lawn on the edge of the Forbidden Forest, where students were required to correctly identify the knarl hidden among a dozen hedgehogs (the trick was to offer them all milk in turn: knarls, highly suspicious creatures whose quills had many magical properties, generally went berserk at what they saw as an attempt to poison them); then demonstrate correct handling of a bowtruckle, feed and clean a fire-crab without sustaining serious burns, and choose, from a wide selection of food, the diet they would give a sick unicorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could see Hagrid watching anxiously out of his cabin win\-dow. When Harry\rquote s examiner, a plump little witch this time, smiled at him and told him he could leave, Harry gave Hagrid a fleeting thumbs-up before heading back up to the castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Astronomy theory exam on Wednesday morning went well enough; Harry was not convinced he had got the names of all of Jupiter\rquote s moons right, but was at least confident that none of them was inhabited by mice. They had to wait until evening for their practical Astronomy; the afternoon was devoted instead to Divination.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Even by Harry\rquote s low standards in Divination, the exam went very badly. He might as well have tried to see moving pictures in the desk\-top as in the stubbornly blank crystal ball; he lost his head completely during tea-leaf reading, saying it looked to him as though Professor Marchbanks would shortly be meeting a round, dark, soggy stranger, and rounded off the whole fiasco by mixing up the life and head lines on her palm and informing her that she ought to have died the previ\-ous Tuesday.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we were always going to fail that one,\rdblquote  said Ron gloomily as they ascended the marble staircase. He had just made Harry feel rather better by telling him how he told the examiner in detail about\lang3081  \lang1033 the ugly man with a wart on his nose in his crystal ball, only to look up and realize he had been describing his examiner\rquote s reflection.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We shouldn\rquote t have taken the stupid subject in the first place,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Still, at least we can give it up now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote No more pretending we care what happens when Jupiter and Uranus get too friendly \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And from now on, I don\rquote t care if my tea leaves spell \i die, Ron, die\i0  \emdash  I\rquote m just chucking them in the bin where they belong.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry laughed just as Hermione came running up behind them. He stopped laughing at once, in case it annoyed her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I think I\rquote ve done all right in Arithmancy,\rdblquote  she said, and Harry and Ron both sighed with relief. \ldblquote Just time for a quick look over our star charts before dinner, then \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When they reached the top of the Astronomy Tower at eleven o\rquote clock they found a perfect night for stargazing, cloudless and still. The grounds were bathed in silvery moonlight, and there was a slight chill in the air. Each of them set up his or her telescope and, when Professor Marchbanks gave the word, proceeded to fill in the blank star chart he or she had been given.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professors Marchbanks and Tofty strolled among them, watching as they entered the precise positions of the stars and planets they were observing. All was quiet except for the rustle of parchment, the occa\-sional creak of a telescope as it was adjusted on its stand, and the scrib\-bling of many quills. Half an hour passed, then an hour; the little squares of reflected gold light flickering on the ground below started to vanish as lights in the castle windows were extinguished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry completed the constellation Orion on his chart, however, the front doors of the castle opened directly below the parapet where he was standing, so that light spilled down the stone steps a little way across the lawn. Harry glanced down as he made a slight adjustment\lang3081  \lang1033 to the position of his telescope and saw five or six elongated shadows moving over the brightly lit grass before the doors swung shut and the lawn became a sea of darkness once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry put his eye back to his telescope and refocused it, now ex\-amining Venus. He looked down at his chart to enter the planet there, but something distracted him. Pausing with his quill suspended over the parchment, he squinted down into the shadowy grounds and saw half a dozen figures walking over the lawn. If they had not been mov\-ing, and the moonlight had not been gilding the tops of their heads, they would have been indistinguishable from the dark ground on which they stood. Even at this distance, Harry had a funny feeling that he recognized the walk of the squattest among them, who seemed to be leading the group.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not think why Umbridge would be taking a stroll outside past midnight, much less accompanied by five others. Then some\-body coughed behind him, and he remembered that he was halfway through an exam. He had quite forgotten Venus\rquote s position \emdash  jam\-ming his eye to his telescope, he found it again and was again on the point of entering it on his chart when, alert for any odd sound, he heard a distant knock that echoed through the deserted grounds, fol\-lowed immediately by the muffled barking of a large dog.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked up, his heart hammering. There were lights on in Ha\-grid\rquote s windows and the people he had observed crossing the lawn were now silhouetted against them. The door opened and he distinctly saw six tiny but sharply defined figures walk over the threshold. The door closed again and there was silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt very uneasy. He glanced around to see whether Ron or Hermione had noticed what he had, but Professor Marchbanks came walking behind him at that moment, and not wanting to appear as though he was sneaking looks at anyone else\rquote s work, he hastily bent over his star chart and pretended to be adding notes to it while really\lang3081  \lang1033 peering over the top of the parapet toward Hagrid\rquote s cabin. Figures were now moving across the cabin windows, temporarily blocking the light.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could feel Professor Marchbanks\rquote s eyes on the back of his neck and pressed his eye again to his telescope, staring up at the moon though he had marked its position an hour ago, but as Professor Marchbanks moved on he heard a roar from the distant cabin that echoed through the darkness right to the top of the Astronomy Tower. Several of the people around Harry ducked out from behind their telescopes and peered instead in the direction of Hagrid\rquote s cabin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Tofty gave another dry little cough.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Try and concentrate, now, boys and girls,\rdblquote  he said softly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Most people returned to their telescopes. Harry looked to his left. Hermione was gazing transfixed at Hagrid\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ahem \emdash  twenty minutes to go,\rdblquote  said Professor Tofty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione jumped and returned at once to her star chart; Harry looked down at his own and noticed that he had mislabelled Venus as Mars. He bent to correct it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a loud \i BANG \i0 from the grounds. Several people said \ldblquote Ouch!\rdblquote  as they poked themselves in the face with the ends of their telescopes, hastening to see what was going on below.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s door had burst open and by the light flooding out of the cabin they saw him quite clearly, a massive figure roaring and bran\-dishing his fists, surrounded by six people, all of whom, judging by the tiny threads of red light they were casting in his direction, seemed to be attempting to Stun him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  cried Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear!\rdblquote  said Professor Tofty in a scandalized voice. \ldblquote This is an examination!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But nobody was paying the slightest attention to their star charts anymore: Jets of red light were still flying beside Hagrid\rquote s cabin, yet somehow they seemed to be bouncing off him. He was still upright\lang3081  \lang1033 and still, as far as Harry could see, fighting. Cries and yells echoed across the grounds; a man yelled, \ldblquote Be reasonable, Hagrid!\rdblquote  and Hagrid roared, \ldblquote Reasonable be damned, yeh won\rquote  take me like this, Dawlish!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could see the tiny outline of Fang, attempting to defend Ha\-grid, leaping at the wizards surrounding him until a Stunning Spell caught him and he fell to the ground. Hagrid gave a howl of fury, lifted the culprit bodily from the ground, and threw him: The man flew what looked like ten feet and did not get up again. Hermione gasped, both hands over her mouth; Harry looked around at Ron and saw that he too was looking scared. None of them had ever seen Ha\-grid in a real temper before. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look!\rdblquote  squealed Parvati, who was leaning over the parapet and pointing to the foot of the castle where the front doors seemed to have opened again; more light had spilled out onto the dark lawn and a sin\-gle long black shadow was now rippling across the lawn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, really!\rdblquote  said Professor Tofty anxiously. \ldblquote Only sixteen min\-utes left, you know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But nobody paid him the slightest attention: They were watching the person now sprinting toward the battle beside Hagrid\rquote s cabin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How dare you!\rdblquote  the figure shouted as she ran. \ldblquote How \i dare\i0  you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s McGonagall!\rdblquote  whispered Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Leave him alone! \i Alone,\i0  I say!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall\rquote s voice through the darkness. \ldblquote On what grounds are you attacking him? He has done nothing, nothing to warrant such \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione, Parvati, and Lavender all screamed. No fewer than four Stunners had shot from the figures around the cabin toward Professor McGonagall. Halfway between cabin and castle the red beams col\-lided with her. For a moment she looked luminous, illuminated by an eerie red glow, then was lifted right off her feet, landed hard on her back, and moved no more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Galloping gargoyles!\rdblquote  shouted Professor Tofty, who seemed to\lang3081  \lang1033 have forgotten the exam completely. \ldblquote Not so much as a warning! Out\-rageous behavior!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote COWARDS!\rdblquote  bellowed Hagrid, his voice carrying clearly to the top of the tower, and several lights flickered back on inside the castle. \ldblquote RUDDY COWARDS! HAVE SOME O\rquote  THAT \emdash  AN\rquote  THAT \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh my \emdash\rdblquote  gasped Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid took two massive swipes at his closest attackers; judging by their immediate collapse, they had been knocked cold. Harry saw him double over and thought for a moment that he had finally been over\-come by a spell, but on the contrary, next moment Hagrid was stand\-ing again with what appeared to be a sack on his back \emdash  then Harry realized that Fang\rquote s limp body was draped around his shoulders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get him, get him!\rdblquote  screamed Umbridge, but her remaining helper seemed highly reluctant to go within reach of Hagrid\rquote s fists. Indeed, he was backing away so fast he tripped over one of his unconscious colleagues and fell over. Hagrid had turned and begun to run with Fang still hung around his neck; Umbridge sent one last Stunning Spell after him but it missed, and Hagrid, running full-pelt toward the distant gates, disappeared into the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a long minute\rquote s quivering silence, everybody gazing openmouthed into the grounds. Then Professor Tofty\rquote s voice said fee\-bly, \ldblquote Um \'85 five minutes to go, everybody \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Though he had only filled in two-thirds of his chart, Harry was desperate for the end of the exam. When it came at last he, Ron, and Hermione forced their telescopes haphazardly back into their holders and dashed back down the spiral staircase. None of the students were going to bed \emdash  they were all talking loudly and excitedly at the foot of the stairs about what they had witnessed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That evil woman!\rdblquote  gasped Hermione, who seemed to be having difficulty talking due to rage. \ldblquote Trying to sneak up on Hagrid in the dead of night!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She clearly wanted to avoid another scene like Trelawney\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Ernie Macmillan sagely, squeezing over to join them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid did well, didn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Ron, who looked more alarmed than impressed. \ldblquote How come all the spells bounced off him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote ll be his giant blood,\rdblquote  said Hermione shakily. \ldblquote It\rquote s very hard to Stun a giant, they\rquote re like trolls, really tough. \'85 But poor Professor McGonagall. \'85 Four Stunners straight in the chest, and she\rquote s not ex\-actly young, is she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dreadful, dreadful,\rdblquote  said Ernie, shaking his head pompously. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote m off to bed. \'85 \rquote Night, all\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 People around them were drifting away, still talking excitedly about what they had just seen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At least they didn\rquote t get to take Hagrid off to Azkaban,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I \rquote spect he\rquote s gone to join Dumbledore, hasn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose so,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who looked tearful. \ldblquote Oh, this is aw\-ful, I really thought Dumbledore would be back before long, but now we\rquote ve lost Hagrid too. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They traipsed back to the Gryffindor common room to find it full. The commotion out in the grounds had woken several people, who had hastened to rouse their friends. Seamus and Dean, who had ar\-rived ahead of Harry, Ron, and Hermione, were now telling everyone what they had heard from the top of the Astronomy Tower.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why sack Hagrid now?\rdblquote  asked Angelina Johnson, shaking her head. \ldblquote It\rquote s not like Trelawney, he\rquote s been teaching much better than usual this year!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Umbridge hates part-humans,\rdblquote  said Hermione bitterly, flopping down into an armchair. \ldblquote She was always going to try and get Hagrid out.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And she thought Hagrid was putting nifflers in her office,\rdblquote  piped up Katie Bell.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh blimey,\rdblquote  said Lee Jordan, covering his mouth. \ldblquote It\rquote s me\rquote s been\lang3081  \lang1033 putting the nifflers in her office, Fred and George left me a couple, I\rquote ve been levitating them in through her window. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote d have sacked him anyway,\rdblquote  said Dean. \ldblquote He was too close to Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s true,\rdblquote  said Harry, sinking into an armchair beside Her\-mione\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I just hope Professor McGonagall\rquote s all right,\rdblquote  said Lavender tearfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They carried her back up to the castle, we watched through the dor\-mitory window,\rdblquote  said Colin Creevey \ldblquote She didn\rquote t look very well. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Madam Pomfrey will sort her out,\rdblquote  said Alicia Spinnet firmly. \ldblquote She\rquote s never failed yet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was nearly four in the morning before the common room cleared. Harry felt wide awake \emdash  the image of Hagrid sprinting away into the dark was haunting him. He was so angry with Umbridge he could not think of a punishment bad enough for her, though Ron\rquote s suggestion of having her fed to a box of starving Blast-Ended Skrewts had its merits. He fell asleep contemplating hideous revenges and arose from bed three hours later feeling distinctly unrested.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Their final exam, History of Magic, was not to take place until that afternoon. Harry would very much have liked to go back to bed after breakfast, but he had been counting on the morning for a spot of last-minute studying, so instead he sat with his head in his hands by the common room window, trying hard not to doze off as he read through some of the notes stacked three-and-a-half feet high that Hermione had lent him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The fifth years entered the Great Hall at two o\rquote clock and took their places in front of their overturned examination papers. Harry felt ex\-hausted. He just wanted this to be over so that he could go and sleep. Then tomorrow, he and Ron were going to go down to the Quidditch pitch \emdash  he was going to have a fly on Ron\rquote s broom and savor their freedom from studying. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Turn over your papers,\rdblquote  said Professor Marchbanks from the front of the Hall, flicking over the giant hourglass. \ldblquote You may begin. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared fixedly at the first question. It was several seconds be\-fore it occurred to him that he had not taken in a word of it; there was a wasp buzzing distractingly against one of the high windows. Slowly, tortuously, he began to write an answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was finding it very difficult to remember names and kept con\-fusing dates. He simply skipped question four: \i In your opinion, did wand legislation contribute to, or lead to better control of, goblin riots of the eighteenth century\i0 ? thinking that he would go back to it if he had time at the end. He had a stab at question five: \i How was the Statute of Secrecy breached in 1749 and what measures were introduced to prevent a recurrence\i0 ? but had a nagging suspicion that he had missed several im\-portant points. He had a feeling vampires had come into the story somewhere. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked ahead for a question he could definitely answer and his eyes alighted upon number ten.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Describe the circumstances that led to the Formation of the Interna\-tional Confederation of Wizards and explain why the warlocks of Liecht\-enstein refused to join.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I know this,\i0  Harry thought, though his brain felt torpid and slack. He could visualize a heading, in Hermione\rquote s handwriting: \i The Forma\-tion of the International Confederation of Wizards\'85\i0  He had read these notes only this morning. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He began to write, looking up now and again to check the large hourglass on the desk beside Professor Marchbanks. He was sitting right behind Parvati Patil, whose long dark hair fell below the back of her chair. Once or twice he found himself staring at the tiny golden lights that glistened in it when she moved her head very slightly and had to give his own head a little shake to clear it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\'85 \i the first Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i of Wizards was Pierre Bonaccord, but his appointment was contested by the Wizarding community of Liechtenstein, because \i0\emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All around Harry quills were scratching on parchment like scurry\-ing, burrowing rats. The sun was very hot on the back of his head. What was it that Bonaccord had done to offend the wizards of Liecht\-enstein? Harry had a feeling it had something to do with trolls. \'85 He gazed blankly at the back of Parvati\rquote s head again. If he could only perform Legilimency and open a window in the back of her head and see what it was about trolls that had caused the breach between Pierre Bonaccord and Liechtenstein. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry closed his eyes and buried his face in his hands, so that the glowing red of his eyelids grew dark and cool. Bonaccord had wanted to stop troll-hunting and give the trolls rights \'85 but Liechtenstein was having problems with a tribe of particularly vicious mountain trolls. \'85 That was it. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened his eyes; they stung and watered at the sight of the blaz\-ing-white parchment. Slowly he wrote two lines about the trolls then read through what he had done so far. It did not seem very informa\-tive or detailed, yet he was sure Hermione\rquote s notes on the confedera\-tion had gone on for pages and pages. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He closed his eyes again, trying to see them, trying to remember. \'85 The confederation had met for the first time in France, yes, he had written that already. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Goblins had tried to attend and been ousted. \'85 He had written that too. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And nobody from Liechtenstein had wanted to come \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Think,\i0  he told himself, his face in his hands, while all around him quills scratched out never-ending answers and the sand trickled through the hourglass at the front. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was walking along the cool, dark corridor to the Department of Mysteries again, walking with a firm and purposeful tread, breaking\lang3081  \lang1033 occasionally into a run, determined to reach his destination at last. \'85 The black door swung open for him as usual, and here he was in the circular room with its many doors. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Straight across the stone floor and through the second door \'85 patches of dancing light on the walls and floor and that odd mechan\-ical clicking, but no time to explore, he must hurry. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He jogged the last few feet to the third door, which swung open just like the others. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once again he was in the cathedral-sized room full of shelves and glass spheres. \'85 His heart was beating very fast now. \'85 He was go\-ing to get there this time. \'85 When he reached number ninety-seven he turned left and hurried along the aisle between two rows. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But there was a shape on the floor at the very end, a black shape moving upon the floor like a wounded animal. \'85 Harry\rquote s stomach contracted with fear \'85 with excitement. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A voice issued from his own mouth, a high, cold voice empty of any human kindness, \ldblquote Take it for me. \'85 Lift it down, now. \'85 I cannot touch it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but you can. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The black shape upon the floor shifted a little. Harry saw a long-fingered white hand clutching a wand rise on the end of his own arm \'85 heard the high, cold voice say, \ldblquote\i Crucio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The man on the floor let out a scream of pain, attempted to stand but fell back, writhing. Harry was laughing. He raised his wand, the curse lifted, and the figure groaned and became motionless.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lord Voldemort is waiting. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Very slowly, his arms trembling, the man on the ground raised his shoulders a few inches and lifted his head. His face was bloodstained and gaunt, twisted in pain yet rigid with defiance. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll have to kill me,\rdblquote  whispered Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Undoubtedly I shall in the end,\rdblquote  said the cold voice. \ldblquote But you will fetch it for me first, Black. \'85 You think you have felt pain thus far?\lang3081  \lang1033 Think again. \'85 We have hours ahead of us and nobody to hear you scream. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But somebody screamed as Voldemort lowered his wand again; somebody yelled and fell sideways off a hot desk onto the cold stone floor. Harry hit the ground and awoke, still yelling, his scar on fire, as the Great Hall erupted all around him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 32\par
\pard\qc Out of the Fire\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not going. \'85 I don\rquote t need the hospital wing. \'85 I don\rquote t want\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\par
He was gibbering, trying to pull away from Professor Tofty, who was looking at him with much concern, and who had just helped Harry out into the entrance hall while the students all around them stared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m \emdash  I\rquote m fine, sir,\rdblquote  Harry stammered, wiping the sweat from his face. \ldblquote Really \'85 I just fell asleep. \'85 Had a nightmare \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pressure of examinations!\rdblquote  said the old wizard sympathetically, patting Harry shakily on the shoulder. \ldblquote It happens, young man, it happens! Now, a cooling drink of water, and perhaps you will be ready to return to the Great Hall? The examination is nearly over, but you may be able to round off your last answer nicely?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry wildly. \ldblquote I mean \'85 no \'85 I\rquote ve done \emdash  done as much as I can, I think. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well, very well,\rdblquote  said the old wizard gently. \ldblquote I shall go and collect your examination paper, and I suggest that you go and have a nice lie down. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll do that,\rdblquote  said Harry, nodding vigorously. \ldblquote Thanks very much.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He waited for the second when the old man\rquote s heels disappeared over the threshold into the Great Hall, then ran up the marble stair\-case and then more staircases toward the hospital wing, hurtling along the corridors so fast that the portraits he passed muttered reproaches, and burst through the double doors like a hurricane, causing Madam Pomfrey, who had been spooning some bright blue liquid into Mon\-tague\rquote s open mouth, to shriek in alarm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, what do you think you\rquote re doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I need to see Professor McGonagall,\rdblquote  gasped Harry, the breath tearing his lungs. \ldblquote Now \'85 It\rquote s urgent. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s not here, Potter,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey sadly. \ldblquote She was trans\-ferred to St. Mungo\rquote s this morning. Four Stunning Spells straight to the chest at her age? It\rquote s a wonder they didn\rquote t kill her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s \'85 gone?\rdblquote  said Harry, stunned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The bell rang just outside the dormitory, and he heard the usual distant rumbling of students starting to flood out into the corridors above and below him. He remained quite still, looking at Madam Pomfrey. Terror was rising inside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was nobody left to tell. Dumbledore had gone, Hagrid had gone, but he had always expected Professor McGonagall to be there, irascible and inflexible, perhaps, but always dependably, solidly present. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t wonder you\rquote re shocked, Potter,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey with a kind of fierce approval in her face. \ldblquote As if one of them could have Stunned Minerva McGonagall face on by daylight! Cowardice, that\rquote s what it was. \'85 Despicable cowardice \'85 If I wasn\rquote t worried what would happen to you students without me, I\rquote d resign in protest. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry blankly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He strode blindly from the hospital wing into the teeming corridor where he stood, buffeted by the crowd, the panic expanding inside\lang3081  \lang1033 him like poison gas so that his head swam and he could not think what to do. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Ron and Hermione,\i0  said a voice in his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was running again, pushing students out of the way, oblivious to their angry protests and shouts. He sprinted back down two floors and was at the top of the marble staircase when he saw them hurrying toward him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione at once, looking very frightened. \ldblquote What happened? Are you all right? Are you ill?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where have you been?\rdblquote  demanded Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come with me,\rdblquote  Harry said quickly. \ldblquote Come on, I\rquote ve got to tell you something. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He led them along the first-floor corridor, peering through door\-ways, and at last found an empty classroom into which he dived, clos\-ing the door behind Ron and Hermione the moment they were inside and leaning against it, facing them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort\rquote s got Sirius.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Saw it. Just now. When I fell asleep in the exam.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash  but where? How?\rdblquote  said Hermione, whose face was white.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno how,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But I know exactly where. There\rquote s a room in the Department of Mysteries full of shelves covered in these little glass balls, and they\rquote re at the end of row ninety-seven \'85 He\rquote s trying to use Sirius to get whatever it is he wants from in there. \'85 He\rquote s torturing him. \'85 Says he\rquote ll end by killing him \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry found his voice was shaking, as were his knees. He moved over to a desk and sat down on it, trying to master himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote re we going to get there?\rdblquote  he asked them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a moment\rquote s silence. Then Ron said, \ldblquote G-get there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get to the Department of Mysteries, so we can rescue Sirius!\rdblquote  Harry said loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash  Harry \'85\rdblquote  said Ron weakly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? \i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not understand why they were both gaping at him as though he was asking them something unreasonable.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a rather frightened voice, \ldblquote er \'85 how \'85 how did Voldemort get into the Ministry of Magic without any\-body realizing he was there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do I know?\rdblquote  bellowed Harry. \ldblquote The question is how \i we\rquote re\i0  going to get in there!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Harry, think about this,\rdblquote  said Hermione, taking a step toward him, \ldblquote it\rquote s five o\rquote clock in the afternoon. \'85 The Ministry of Magic must be full of workers. \'85 How would Voldemort and Sirius have got in without being seen? Harry \'85 they\rquote re probably the two most wanted wizards in the world. \'85 You think they could get into a building full of Aurors undetected?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno, Voldemort used an Invisibility Cloak or something!\rdblquote  Harry shouted. \ldblquote Anyway, the Department of Mysteries has always been completely empty whenever I\rquote ve been \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve never been there, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly. \ldblquote You\rquote ve dreamed about the place, that\rquote s all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re not normal dreams!\rdblquote  Harry shouted in her face, standing up and taking a step closer to her in turn. He wanted to shake her. \ldblquote How d\rquote you explain Ron\rquote s dad then, what was all that about, how come I knew what had happened to him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s got a point,\rdblquote  said Ron quietly, looking at Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But this is just \emdash  just so \i unlikely\i0 !\rdblquote  said Hermione desperately. \ldblquote Harry, how on earth could Voldemort have got hold of Sirius when he\rquote s been in Grimmauld Place all the time?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius might\rquote ve cracked and just wanted some fresh air,\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding worried. \ldblquote He\rquote s been desperate to get out of that house for ages \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why,\rdblquote  Hermione persisted, \ldblquote why on earth would Voldemort want to use \i Sirius\i0  to get the weapon, or whatever the thing is?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno, there could be loads of reasons!\rdblquote  Harry yelled at her. \ldblquote Maybe Sirius is just someone Voldemort doesn\rquote t care about seeing hurt \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what, I\rquote ve just thought of something,\rdblquote  said Ron in a hushed voice. \ldblquote Sirius\rquote s brother was a Death Eater, wasn\rquote t he? Maybe he told Sirius the secret of how to get the weapon!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \emdash  and that\rquote s why Dumbledore\rquote s been so keen to keep Sirius locked up all the time!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look, I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  cried Hermione, \ldblquote but neither of you are making sense, and we\rquote ve got no proof for any of this, no proof Voldemort and Sirius are even there \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, Harry\rquote s seen them!\rdblquote  said Ron, rounding on her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  she said, looking frightened yet determined, \ldblquote I\rquote ve just got to say this. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \'85 This isn\rquote t a criticism, Harry! But you do \'85 sort of\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I mean \emdash  don\rquote t you think you\rquote ve got a bit of a \emdash  a \emdash  \i saving-people-thing\i0 ?\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He glared at her. \ldblquote And what\rquote s that supposed to mean, a \lquote saving-people-thing\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 you \'85\rdblquote  She looked more apprehensive than ever. \ldblquote I mean \'85 last year, for instance \'85 in the lake \'85 during the Tourna\-ment \'85 you shouldn\rquote t have \'85 I mean, you didn\rquote t need to save that little Delacour girl. \'85 You got a bit\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 carried away \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A wave of hot, prickly anger swept Harry\rquote s body \emdash  how could she remind him of that blunder now?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 I mean, it was really great of you and everything,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly, looking positively petrified at the look on Harry\rquote s face. \ldblquote Everyone thought it was a wonderful thing to do \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s funny,\rdblquote  said Harry in a trembling voice, \ldblquote because I definitely remember Ron saying I\rquote d wasted time \i acting the hero. \'85\i0  Is that what you think this is? You reckon I want to act the hero again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, no!\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking aghast. \ldblquote That\rquote s not what I mean at all!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, spit out what you\rquote ve got to say, because we\rquote re wasting time here!\rdblquote  Harry shouted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m trying to say \emdash  Voldemort knows you, Harry! He took Ginny down into the Chamber of Secrets to lure you there, it\rquote s the kind of thing he does, he knows you\rquote re the \emdash  the sort of person who\rquote d go to Sirius\rquote s aid! What if he\rquote s just trying to get you into the Department of Myst \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, it doesn\rquote t matter if he\rquote s done it to get me there or not \emdash  they\rquote ve taken McGonagall to St. Mungo\rquote s, there isn\rquote t anyone left from the Order at Hogwarts who we can tell, and if we don\rquote t go, Sirius is dead!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Harry \emdash  what if your dream was \emdash  was just that, a dream?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry let out a roar of frustration. Hermione actually stepped back from him, looking alarmed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t get it!\rdblquote  Harry shouted at her. \ldblquote I\rquote m not having night\-mares, I\rquote m not just dreaming! What d\rquote you think all the Occlumency was for, why d\rquote you think Dumbledore wanted me prevented from seeing these things? Because they\rquote re REAL, Hermione \emdash  Sirius is trapped \emdash  I\rquote ve seen him \emdash  Voldemort\rquote s got him, and no one else knows, and that means we\rquote re the only ones who can save him, and if you don\rquote t want to do it, fine, but I\rquote m going, understand? And if I re\-member rightly, you didn\rquote t have a problem with my \i saving-people-thing\i0  when it was you I was saving from the dementors, or\rdblquote  \emdash  he rounded on Ron \emdash  \ldblquote when it was your sister I was saving from the basilisk \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I never said I had a problem!\rdblquote  said Ron heatedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Harry, you\rquote ve just said it,\rdblquote  said Hermione fiercely. \ldblquote Dumbledore wanted you to learn to shut these things out of your mind, if you\rquote d done Occlumency properly you\rquote d never have seen this \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote IF YOU THINK I\rquote M JUST GOING TO ACT LIKE I HAVEN\rquote T SEEN \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius told you there was nothing more important than you learn\-ing to close your mind!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WELL, I EXPECT HE\rquote D SAY SOMETHING DIFFERENT IF HE KNEW WHAT I\rquote D JUST \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The classroom door opened. Harry, Ron, and Hermione whipped around. Ginny walked in, looking curious, followed by Luna, who as usual looked as though she had drifted in accidentally.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Ginny uncertainly. \ldblquote We recognized Harry\rquote s voice \emdash  what are you yelling about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never you mind,\rdblquote  said Harry roughly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny raised her eyebrows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s no need to take that tone with me,\rdblquote  she said coolly. \ldblquote I was only wondering whether I could help.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you can\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry shortly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re being rather rude, you know,\rdblquote  said Luna serenely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry swore and turned away. The very last thing he wanted now was a conversation with Luna Lovegood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait,\rdblquote  said Hermione suddenly. \ldblquote Wait\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Harry, they \i can\i0  help.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron looked at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen,\rdblquote  she said urgently, \ldblquote Harry, we need to establish whether Sirius really has left headquarters \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve told you, I saw \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote m begging you, please!\rdblquote  said Hermione desperately. \ldblquote Please let\rquote s just check that Sirius isn\rquote t at home before we go charging off to London \emdash  if we find out he\rquote s not there then I swear I won\rquote t try and stop you, I\rquote ll come, I\rquote ll d-do whatever it takes to try and save him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius is being tortured NOW!\rdblquote  shouted Harry. \ldblquote We haven\rquote t got time to waste \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if this is a trick of V-Voldemort\rquote s \emdash  Harry, we\rquote ve got to check, we\rquote ve got to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How?\rdblquote  Harry demanded. \ldblquote How\rquote re we going to check?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll have to use Umbridge\rquote s fire and see if we can contact him,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who looked positively terrified at the thought. \ldblquote We\rquote ll draw Umbridge away again, but we\rquote ll need lookouts, and that\rquote s where we can use Ginny and Luna.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Though clearly struggling to understand what was going on, Ginny said immediately, \ldblquote Yeah, we\rquote ll do it,\rdblquote  and Luna said, \ldblquote When you say \lquote Sirius,\rquote  are you talking about Stubby Boardman?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody answered her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  Harry said aggressively to Hermione, \ldblquote Okay, if you can think of a way of doing this quickly, I\rquote m with you, otherwise I\rquote m go\-ing to the Department of Mysteries right now \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Department of Mysteries?\rdblquote  said Luna, looking mildly sur\-prised. \ldblquote But how are you going to get there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Again, Harry ignored her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Hermione, twisting her hands together and pacing up and down between the desks. \ldblquote Right\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 One of us has to go and find Umbridge and \emdash  and send her off in the wrong direction, keep her away from her office. They could tell her \emdash  I don\rquote t know \emdash  that Peeves is up to something awful as usual. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll do it,\rdblquote  said Ron at once. \ldblquote I\rquote ll tell her Peeves is smashing up the Transfiguration department or something, it\rquote s miles away from her of\-fice. Come to think of it, I could probably persuade Peeves to do it if I met him on the way. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a mark of the seriousness of the situation that Hermione made no objection to the smashing up of the Transfiguration department.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  she said, her brow furrowed as she continued to pace.\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote Now, we need to keep students away from her office while we force entry, or some Slytherin\rquote s bound to go and tip her off. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Luna and I can stand at either end of the corridor,\rdblquote  said Ginny promptly, \ldblquote and warn people not to go down there because someone\rquote s let off a load of Garroting Gas.\rdblquote  Hermione looked surprised at the readiness with which Ginny had come up with this lie. Ginny shrugged and said, \ldblquote Fred and George were planning to do it before they left.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote well then, Harry, you and I will be under the Invisibility Cloak, and we\rquote ll sneak into the office and you can talk to Sirius \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s not there, Hermione!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I mean, you can \emdash  can check whether Sirius is at home or not while I keep watch, I don\rquote t think you should be in there alone, Lee\rquote s already proved the window\rquote s a weak spot, sending those nifflers through it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Even through his anger and impatience Harry recognized Her\-mione\rquote s offer to accompany him into Umbridge\rquote s office as a sign of solidarity and loyalty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85 okay, thanks,\rdblquote  he muttered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right, well, even if we do all of that, I don\rquote t think we\rquote re going to be able to bank on more than five minutes,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking relieved that Harry seemed to have accepted the plan, \ldblquote not with Filch and the wretched Inquisitorial Squad floating around.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Five minutes\rquote ll be enough,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote C\rquote mon, let\rquote s go \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Now\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Hermione, looking shocked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course now!\rdblquote  said Harry angrily. \ldblquote What did you think, we\rquote re going to wait until after dinner or something? Hermione, Sirius is be\-ing tortured \i right now\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  oh all right,\rdblquote  she said desperately. \ldblquote You go and get the Invisi\-bility Cloak and we\rquote ll meet you at the end of Umbridge\rquote s corridor, okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer, but flung himself out of the room and began to fight his way through the milling crowds outside. Two floors up he met Seamus and Dean, who hailed him jovially and told him they were planning a dusk-till-dawn end-of-exams celebration in the com\-mon room. Harry barely heard them. He scrambled through the por\-trait hole while they were still arguing about how many black-market butterbeers they would need and was climbing back out of it, the In\-visibility Cloak and Sirius\rquote s knife secure in his bag, before they noticed he had left them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, d\rquote you want to chip in a couple of Galleons? Harold Dingle reckons he could sell us some firewhisky. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry was already tearing away back along the corridor, and a couple of minutes later was jumping the last few stairs to join Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Luna, who were huddled together at the end of Umbridge\rquote s corridor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Got it,\rdblquote  he panted. \ldblquote Ready to go, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione as a gang of loud sixth years passed them. \ldblquote So Ron \emdash  you go and head Umbridge off. \'85 Ginny, Luna, if you can start moving people out of the corridor. \'85 Harry and I will get the cloak on and wait until the coast is clear. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron strode away, his bright red hair visible right to the end of the passage. Meanwhile, Ginny\rquote s equally vivid head bobbed between the jostling students surrounding them in the other direction, trailed by Luna\rquote s blonde one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get over here,\rdblquote  muttered Hermione, tugging at Harry\rquote s wrist and pulling him back into a recess where the ugly stone head of a medieval wizard stood muttering to itself on a column. \ldblquote Are \emdash  are you sure you\rquote re okay, Harry? You\rquote re still very pale. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m fine,\rdblquote  he said shortly, tugging the Invisibility Cloak from out of his bag. In truth, his scar was aching, but not so badly that he thought Voldemort had yet dealt Sirius a fatal blow. It had hurt much worse than this when Voldemort had been punishing Avery. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  he said. He threw the Invisibility Cloak over both of them and they stood listening carefully over the Latin mumblings of the bust in front of them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t come down here!\rdblquote  Ginny was calling to the crowd. \ldblquote No, sorry, you\rquote re going to have to go round by the swiveling staircase, someone\rquote s let off Garroting Gas just along here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They could hear people complaining; one surly voice said, \ldblquote I can\rquote t see no gas \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s because it\rquote s colorless,\rdblquote  said Ginny in a convincingly exas\-perated voice, \ldblquote but if you want to walk through it, carry on, then we\rquote ll have your body as proof for the next idiot who didn\rquote t believe us. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slowly the crowd thinned. The news about the Garroting Gas seemed to have spread \emdash  people were not coming this way anymore. When at last the surrounding area was quite clear, Hermione said qui\-etly, \ldblquote I think that\rquote s as good as we\rquote re going to get, Harry \emdash  come on, let\rquote s do it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Together they moved forward, covered by the cloak. Luna was standing with her back to them at the far end of the corridor. As they passed Ginny, Hermione whispered, \ldblquote Good one \'85 don\rquote t forget the signal\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s the signal?\rdblquote  muttered Harry, as they approached Urn-bridge\rquote s door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A loud chorus of\lang3081  \lang1033\lquote Weasley Is Our King\rquote  if they see Umbridge com\-ing,\rdblquote  replied Hermione, as Harry inserted the blade of Sirius\rquote s knife in the crack between door and wall. The lock clicked open, and they en\-tered the office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The garish kittens were basking in the late afternoon sunshine warming their plates, but otherwise the office was as still and empty as last time. Hermione breathed a sigh of relief.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought she might have added extra security after the second niffler. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They pulled off the cloak. Hermione hurried over to the window\lang3081  \lang1033 and stood out of sight, peering down into the grounds with her wand out. Harry dashed over to the fireplace, seized the pot of Floo powder, and threw a pinch into the grate, causing emerald flames to burst into life there. He knelt down quickly, thrust his head into the dancing fire, and cried, \ldblquote Number twelve, Grimmauld Place!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His head began to spin as though he had just got off a fairground ride though his knees remained firmly planted upon the cold office floor. He kept his eyes screwed up against the whirling ash, and when the spinning stopped, he opened them to find himself looking out upon the long, cold kitchen of Grimmauld Place.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was nobody there. He had expected this, yet was not pre\-pared for the molten wave of dread and panic that seemed to burst through his stomach floor at the sight of the deserted room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius?\rdblquote  he shouted. \ldblquote Sirius, are you there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice echoed around the room, but there was no answer except a tiny scuffing sound to the right of the fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s there?\rdblquote  he called, wondering whether it was just a mouse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher the house-elf came creeping into view. He looked highly delighted about something, though he seemed to have recently sus\-tained a nasty injury to both hands, which were heavily bandaged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s the Potter boy\rquote s head in the fire,\rdblquote  Kreacher informed the empty kitchen, stealing furtive, oddly triumphant glances at Harry. \ldblquote What has he come for, Kreacher wonders?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Sirius, Kreacher?\rdblquote  Harry demanded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The house-elf gave a wheezy chuckle. \ldblquote Master has gone out, Harry Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s he gone? \i Where\rquote s he gone, Kreacher\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher merely cackled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m warning you!\rdblquote  said Harry, fully aware that his scope for inflict\-ing punishment upon Kreacher was almost nonexistent in this position. \ldblquote What about Lupin? Mad-Eye? Any of them, are any of them here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nobody here but Kreacher!\rdblquote  said the elf gleefully, and turning away from Harry he began to walk slowly toward the door at the end of the kitchen. \ldblquote Kreacher thinks he will have a little chat with his Mistress now, yes, he hasn\rquote t had a chance in a long time, Kreacher\rquote s Master has been keeping him away from her \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where has Sirius gone?\rdblquote  Harry yelled after the elf. \ldblquote\i Kreacher, has he gone to the Department of Mysteries\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher stopped in his tracks. Harry could just make out the back of his bald head through the forest of chair legs before him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master does not tell poor Kreacher where he is going,\rdblquote  said the elf quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you know!\rdblquote  shouted Harry. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you? You know where he is!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a moment\rquote s silence, then the elf let out his loudest cackle yet. \ldblquote Master will not come back from the Department of Mysteries!\rdblquote  he said gleefully. \ldblquote Kreacher and his Mistress are alone again!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he scurried forward and disappeared through the door to the hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But before he could utter a single curse or insult, Harry felt a great pain at the top of his head. He inhaled a lot of ash and, choking, found himself being dragged backward through the flames until, with a horrible abruptness, he was staring up into the wide, pallid face of Professor Umbridge, who had dragged him backward out of the fire by the hair and was now bending his neck back as far as it would go as though she was going to slit his throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think,\rdblquote  she whispered, bending Harry\rquote s neck back even far\-ther, so that he was looking up at the ceiling above him, \ldblquote that after two nifflers I was going to let one more foul, scavenging little creature enter my office without my knowledge? I had Stealth Sensoring Spells placed all around my doorway after the last one got in, you foolish\lang3081  \lang1033 boy. Take his wand,\rdblquote  she barked at someone he could not see, and he felt a hand grope inside the chest pocket of his robes and remove the wand. \ldblquote Hers too \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry heard a scuffle over by the door and knew that Hermione had just had her wand wrested from her as well.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want to know why you are in my office,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, shak\-ing the fist clutching his hair so that he staggered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was \emdash  trying to get my Firebolt!\rdblquote  Harry croaked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Liar.\rdblquote  She shook his head again. \ldblquote Your Firebolt is under strict guard in the dungeons, as you very well know, Potter. You had your head in my fire. With whom have you been communicating?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to pull away from her. He felt sev\-eral hairs part company with his scalp.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Liar\i0 !\rdblquote  shouted Umbridge. She threw him from her, and he slammed into the desk. Now he could see Hermione pinioned against the wall by Millicent Bulstrode. Malfoy was leaning on the win\-dowsill, smirking as he threw Harry\rquote s wand into the air one-handed and then caught it again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a commotion outside and several large Slytherins entered, each gripping Ron, Ginny, Luna, and \emdash  to Harry\rquote s bewil\-derment \emdash  Neville, who was trapped in a stranglehold by Crabbe and looked in imminent danger of suffocation. All four of them had been gagged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Got \rquote em all,\rdblquote  said Warrington, shoving Ron roughly forward into the room. \ldblquote\i That\i0  one.\rdblquote  he poked a thick finger at Neville, \ldblquote tried to stop me taking \i her,\i0\rdblquote  he pointed at Ginny, who was trying to kick the shins of the large Slytherin girl holding her, \ldblquote so I brought him along too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good, good,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, watching Ginny\rquote s struggles. \ldblquote Well, it looks as though Hogwarts will shortly be a Weasley-free zone, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy laughed loudly and sycophantically. Umbridge gave her\lang3081  \lang1033 wide, complacent smile and settled herself into a chintz-covered arm\-chair, blinking up at her captives like a toad in a flowerbed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, Potter,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote You stationed lookouts around my office and you sent this buffoon,\rdblquote  she nodded at Ron, and Malfoy laughed even louder, \ldblquote to tell me the poltergeist was wreaking havoc in the Transfiguration department when I knew perfectly well that he was busy smearing ink on the eyepieces of all the school telescopes, Mr. Filch having just informed me so.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Clearly, it was very important for you to talk to somebody. Was it Albus Dumbledore? Or the half-breed, Hagrid? I doubt it was Min\-erva McGonagall, I hear she is still too ill to talk to anyone. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy and a few of the other members of the Inquisitorial Squad laughed some more at that. Harry found he was so full of rage and ha\-tred he was shaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s none of your business who I talk to,\rdblquote  he snarled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge\rquote s slack face seemed to tighten.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  she said in her most dangerous and falsely sweet voice. \ldblquote Very well, Mr. Potter \'85 I offered you the chance to tell me freely. You refused. I have no alternative but to force you. Draco \emdash  fetch Professor Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy stowed Harry\rquote s wand inside his robes and left the room smirking, but Harry hardly noticed. He had just realized some\-thing; he could not believe he had been so stupid as to forget it. He had thought that all the members of the Order, all those who could help him save Sirius, were gone \emdash  but he had been wrong. There was still a member of the Order of the Phoenix at Hogwarts \emdash  Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence in the office except for the fidgetings and scuf\-flings resultant from the Slytherins\rquote  efforts to keep Ron and the others under control. Ron\rquote s lip was bleeding onto Umbridge\rquote s carpet as he struggled against Warrington\rquote s half nelson. Ginny was still trying to\lang3081  \lang1033 stamp on the feet of the sixth-year girl who had both her upper arms in a tight grip. Neville was turning steadily more purple in the face while tugging at Crabbe\rquote s arms, and Hermione was attempting vainly to throw Millicent Bulstrode off her. Luna, however, stood limply by the side of her captor, gazing vaguely out of the window as though rather bored by the proceedings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked back at Umbridge, who was watching him closely. He kept his face deliberately smooth and blank as footsteps were heard in the corridor outside and Draco Malfoy came back into the room, holding open the door for Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You wanted to see me, Headmistress?\rdblquote  said Snape, looking around at all the pairs of struggling students with an expression of complete indifference.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, Professor Snape,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, smiling widely and standing up again. \ldblquote Yes, I would like another bottle of Veritaserum, as quick as you can, please.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You took my last bottle to interrogate Potter,\rdblquote  he said, observing her coolly through his greasy curtains of black hair. \ldblquote Surely you did not use it all? I told you that three drops would be sufficient.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge flushed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can make some more, can\rquote t you?\rdblquote  she said, her voice becom\-ing more sweetly girlish as it always did when she was furious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly,\rdblquote  said Snape, his lip curling. \ldblquote It takes a full moon cycle to mature, so I should have it ready for you in around a month.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A month?\rdblquote  squawked Umbridge, swelling toadishly. \ldblquote A \i month\i0 ? But I need it this evening, Snape! I have just found Potter using my fire to communicate with a person or persons unknown!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote  said Snape, showing his first, faint sign of interest as he looked around at Harry. \ldblquote Well, it doesn\rquote t surprise me. Potter has never shown much inclination to follow school rules.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His cold, dark eyes were boring into Harry\rquote s, who met his gaze unflinchingly, concentrating hard on what he had seen in his dream, willing Snape to read it in his mind, to understand \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wish to interrogate him!\rdblquote  shouted Umbridge angrily, and Snape looked away from Harry back into her furiously quivering face. \ldblquote I wish you to provide me with a potion that will force him to tell me the truth!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have already told you,\rdblquote  said Snape smoothly, \ldblquote that I have no fur\-ther stocks of Veritaserum. Unless you wish to poison Potter \emdash  and I assure you I would have the greatest sympathy with you if you did \emdash  I cannot help you. The only trouble is that most venoms act too fast to give the victim much time for truth-telling. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape looked back at Harry, who stared at him, frantic to commu\-nicate without words.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Voldemort\rquote s got Sirius in the Department of Mysteries,\i0  he thought des\-perately. \i Voldemort\rquote s got Sirius \i0\emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are on probation!\rdblquote  shrieked Professor Umbridge, and Snape looked back at her, his eyebrows slightly raised. \ldblquote You are being delib\-erately unhelpful! I expected better, Lucius Malfoy always speaks most highly of you! Now get out of my office!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape gave her an ironic bow and turned to leave. Harry knew his last chance of letting the Order know what was going on was walking out of the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s got Padfoot!\rdblquote  he shouted. \ldblquote He\rquote s got Padfoot at the place where it\rquote s hidden!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape had stopped with his hand on Umbridge\rquote s door handle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Padfoot?\rdblquote  cried Professor Umbridge, looking eagerly from Harry to Snape. \ldblquote What is Padfoot? Where what is hidden? What does he mean, Snape?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape looked around at Harry. His face was inscrutable. Harry could not tell whether he had understood or not, but he did not dare speak more plainly in front of Umbridge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have no idea,\rdblquote  said Snape coldly. \ldblquote Potter, when I want nonsense shouted at me I shall give you a Babbling Beverage. And Crabbe, loosen your hold a little, if Longbottom suffocates it will mean a lot of tedious paperwork, and I am afraid I shall have to mention it on your reference if ever you apply for a job.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He closed the door behind him with a snap, leaving Harry in a state of worse turmoil than before: Snape had been his very last hope. He looked at Umbridge, who seemed to be feeling the same way; her chest was heaving with rage and frustration.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  she said, and she pulled out her wand. \ldblquote Very well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I am left with no alternative. \'85 This is more than a matter of school discipline. \'85 This is an issue of Ministry security. \'85 Yes \'85 yes \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She seemed to be talking herself into something. She was shifting her weight nervously from foot to foot, staring at Harry, beating her wand against her empty palm and breathing heavily. Harry felt horri\-bly powerless without his own wand as he watched her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are forcing me, Potter. \'85 I do not want to,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, still moving restlessly on the spot, \ldblquote but sometimes circumstances jus\-tify the use \'85 I am sure the Minister will understand that I had no choice. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy was watching her with a hungry expression on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Cruciatus Curse ought to loosen your tongue,\rdblquote  said Um\-bridge quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  shrieked Hermione. \ldblquote Professor Umbridge \emdash  it\rquote s illegal\rdblquote  \emdash  but Umbridge took no notice. There was a nasty, eager, excited look on her face that Harry had never seen before. She raised her wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Minister wouldn\rquote t want you to break the law, Professor Um\-bridge!\rdblquote  cried Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What Cornelius doesn\rquote t know won\rquote t hurt him,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, who was now panting slightly as she pointed her wand at different\lang3081  \lang1033 parts of Harry\rquote s body in turn, apparently trying to decide what would hurt the most. \ldblquote He never knew I ordered dementors after Potter last summer, but he was delighted to be given the chance to expel him, all the same. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was \i you\i0 ?\rdblquote  gasped Harry. \ldblquote\i You\i0  sent the dementors after me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Somebody\i0  had to act,\rdblquote  breathed Umbridge, as her wand came to rest pointing directly at Harry\rquote s forehead. \ldblquote They were all bleating about silencing you somehow \emdash  discrediting you \emdash  but I was the one who actually \i did\i0  something about it. \'85 Only you wriggled out of that one, didn\rquote t you, Potter? Not today, though, not now \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And taking a deep breath, she cried, \ldblquote\i Cruc\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO!\rdblquote  shouted Hermione in a cracked voice from behind Milli\-cent Bulstrode. \ldblquote No \emdash  Harry \emdash  Harry, we\rquote ll have to tell her!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No way!\rdblquote  yelled Harry, staring at the little of Hermione he could see.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll have to, Harry, she\rquote ll force it out of you anyway, what\rquote s \'85 what\rquote s the point\'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Hermione began to cry weakly into the back of Millicent Bul\-strode\rquote s robes. Millicent stopped trying to squash her against the wall immediately and dodged out of her way looking disgusted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, well, well!\rdblquote  said Umbridge, looking triumphant. \ldblquote Little Miss Question-All is going to give us some answers! Come on then, girl, come on!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  my \emdash  nee \emdash  no!\rdblquote  shouted Ron through his gag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny was staring at Hermione as though she had never seen her before; Neville, still choking for breath, was gazing at her too. But Harry had just noticed something. Though Hermione was sobbing desperately into her hands, there was no trace of a tear. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m \emdash  I\rquote m sorry everyone,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote But \emdash  I can\rquote t stand it\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right, that\rquote s right, girl!\rdblquote  said Umbridge, seizing Hermione\lang3081  \lang1033 by the shoulders, thrusting her into the abandoned chintz chair and leaning over her. \ldblquote Now then \'85 with whom was Potter communicat\-ing just now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  gulped Hermione into her hands, \ldblquote well, he was \i trying\i0  to speak to Professor Dumbledore. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron froze, his eyes wide; Ginny stopped trying to stamp on her Slytherin captor\rquote s toes; even Luna looked mildly surprised. Fortu\-nately, the attention of Umbridge and her minions was focused too exclusively upon Hermione to notice these suspicious signs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore?\rdblquote  said Umbridge eagerly. \ldblquote You know where Dumb\-ledore is, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 no!\rdblquote  sobbed Hermione. \ldblquote We\rquote ve tried the Leaky Caul\-dron in Diagon Alley and the Three Broomsticks and even the Hog\rquote s Head \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Idiot girl, Dumbledore won\rquote t be sitting in a pub when the whole Ministry\rquote s looking for him!\rdblquote  shouted Umbridge, disappointment etched in every sagging line of her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash  but we needed to tell him something important!\rdblquote  wailed Hermione, holding her hands more tightly over her face, not, Harry knew, out of anguish, but to disguise the continued absence of tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes?\rdblquote  said Umbridge with a sudden resurgence of excitement. \ldblquote What was it you wanted to tell him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We \'85 we wanted to tell him it\rquote s r-ready!\rdblquote  choked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s ready?\rdblquote  demanded Umbridge, and now she grabbed Hermione\rquote s shoulders again and shook her slightly. \ldblquote What\rquote s ready, girl?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The \'85 the weapon,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Weapon? Weapon?\rdblquote  said Umbridge, and her eyes seemed to pop with excitement. \ldblquote You have been developing some method of resis\-tance? A weapon you could use against the Ministry? On Professor Dumbledore\rquote s orders, of course?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Y-y-yes,\rdblquote  gasped Hermione. \ldblquote But he had to leave before it was fin\-ished and n-n-now we\rquote ve finished it for him, and we c-c-can\rquote t find him t-t-to tell him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What kind of weapon is it?\rdblquote  said Umbridge harshly, her stubby hands still tight on Hermione\rquote s shoulders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We don\rquote t r-r-really understand it,\rdblquote  said Hermione, sniffing loudly. \ldblquote We j-j-just did what P-P-Professor Dumbledore told us t-t-to do \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge straightened up, looking exultant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lead me to the weapon,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not showing \'85 \i them\i0 ,\rdblquote  said Hermione shrilly, looking around at the Slytherins through her fingers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is not for you to set conditions,\rdblquote  said Professor Umbridge harshly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  said Hermione, now sobbing into her hands again, \ldblquote fine \'85 let them see it, I hope they use it on you! In fact, I wish you\rquote d in\-vite loads and loads of people to come and see! Th-that would serve you right \emdash  oh, I\rquote d love it if the wh-whole school knew where it was, and how to u-use it, and then if you annoy any of them they\rquote ll be able to s-sort you out!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 These words had a powerful impact on Umbridge. She glanced swiftly and suspiciously around at her Inquisitorial Squad, her bulging eyes resting for a moment on Malfoy, who was too slow to disguise the look of eagerness and greed that had appeared on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge contemplated Hermione for another long moment and then spoke in what she clearly thought was a motherly voice. \ldblquote All right, dear, let\rquote s make it just you and me \'85 and we\rquote ll take Potter too, shall we? Get up, now \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor,\rdblquote  said Malfoy eagerly, \ldblquote Professor Umbridge, I think some of the squad should come with you to look after \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am a fully qualified Ministry official, Malfoy, do you really think\lang3081  \lang1033 I cannot manage two wandless teenagers alone?\rdblquote  asked Umbridge sharply. \ldblquote In any case, it does not sound as though this weapon is something that schoolchildren should see. You will remain here until I return and make sure none of these\rdblquote  \emdash  she gestured around at Ron, Ginny, Neville, and Luna \emdash  \ldblquote escape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, looking sulky and disappointed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you two can go ahead of me and show me the way,\rdblquote  said Um\-bridge, pointing at Harry and Hermione with her wand. \ldblquote Lead on. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 33\par
\pard\qc Fight and Flight\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry had no idea what Hermione was planning, or even whether she had a plan. He walked half a pace behind her as they headed down the corridor outside Umbridge\rquote s office, knowing it would look very suspicious if he appeared not to know where they were going. He did not dare attempt to talk to her; Umbridge was walking so closely behind them that he could hear her ragged breathing.\par
Hermione led the way down the stairs into the entrance hall. The din of loud voices and the clatter of cutlery on plates echoed from out of the double doors to the Great Hall. It seemed incredible to Harry that twenty feet away were people who were enjoying dinner, cele\-brating the end of exams, not a care in the world. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione walked straight out of the oak front doors and down the stone steps into the balmy evening air. The sun was falling toward the tops of the trees in the Forbidden Forest now as Hermione marched purposefully across the grass, Umbridge jogging to keep up. Their long dark shadows rippled over the grass behind them like cloaks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s hidden in Hagrid\rquote s hut, is it?\rdblquote  said Umbridge eagerly in Harry\rquote s ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course not,\rdblquote  said Hermione scathingly. \ldblquote Hagrid might have set it off accidentally.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, whose excitement seemed to be mounting. \ldblquote Yes, he would have done, of course, the great half-breed oaf. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She laughed. Harry felt a strong urge to swing around and seize her by the throat, but resisted. His scar was throbbing in the soft evening air but it had not yet burned white-hot, as he knew it would if Volde\-mort had moved in for the kill. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then \'85 where is it?\rdblquote  asked Umbridge, with a hint of uncertainty in her voice as Hermione continued to stride toward the forest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In there, of course,\rdblquote  said Hermione, pointing into the dark trees. \ldblquote It had to be somewhere that students weren\rquote t going to find it acci\-dentally, didn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, though she sounded a little apprehen\-sive now. \ldblquote Of course \'85 very well, then \'85 you two stay ahead of me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can we have your wand, then, if we\rquote re going first?\rdblquote  Harry asked her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t think so, Mr. Potter,\rdblquote  said Umbridge sweetly, poking him in the back with it. \ldblquote The Ministry places a rather higher value on my life than yours, I\rquote m afraid.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As they reached the cool shade of the first trees, Harry tried to catch Hermione\rquote s eye; walking into the forest without wands seemed to him to be more foolhardy than anything they had done so far this evening. She, however, merely gave Umbridge a contemptuous glance and plunged straight into the trees, moving at such a pace that Umbridge, with her shorter legs, had difficulty in keeping up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it very far in?\rdblquote  Umbridge asked, as her robe ripped on a bramble.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Yes, it\rquote s well hidden.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s misgivings increased. Hermione was not taking the path\lang3081  \lang1033 they had followed to visit Grawp, but the one he had followed three years ago to the lair of the monster Aragog. Hermione had not been with him on that occasion; he doubted she had any idea what danger lay at the end of it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  are you sure this is the right way?\rdblquote  he asked her pointedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  she said in a steely voice, crashing through the under\-growth with what he thought was a wholly unnecessary amount of noise. Behind them, Umbridge tripped over a fallen sapling. Neither of them paused to help her up again; Hermione merely strode on, calling loudly over her shoulder, \ldblquote It\rquote s a bit further in!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, keep your voice down,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, hurrying to catch up with her. \ldblquote Anything could be listening in here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want us heard,\rdblquote  she answered quietly, as Umbridge jogged nois\-ily after them. \ldblquote You\rquote ll see. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They walked on for what seemed a long time, until they were once again so deep into the forest that the dense tree canopy blocked out all light. Harry had the feeling he had had before in the forest, one of be\-ing watched by unseen eyes. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How much further?\rdblquote  demanded Umbridge angrily from behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not far now!\rdblquote  shouted Hermione, as they emerged into a dim, dank clearing. \ldblquote Just a little bit \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An arrow flew through the air and landed with a menacing thud in the tree just over her head. The air was suddenly full of the sound of hooves. Harry could feel the forest floor trembling; Umbridge gave a little scream and pushed him in front of her like a shield \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He wrenched himself free of her and turned. Around fifty centaurs were emerging on every side, their bows raised and loaded, pointing at Harry, Hermione, and Umbridge, who backed slowly into the center of the clearing, Umbridge uttering odd little whimpers of terror. Harry looked sideways at Hermione. She was wearing a triumphant smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who are you?\rdblquote  said a voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked left. The chestnut-bodied centaur called Magorian was walking toward them out of the circle; his bow, like the others\rquote , was raised. On Harry\rquote s right, Umbridge was still whimpering, her wand trembling violently as she pointed it at the advancing centaur.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I asked you who are you, human,\rdblquote  said Magorian roughly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am Dolores Umbridge!\rdblquote  said Umbridge in a high-pitched, terri\-fied voice. \ldblquote Senior Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic and Head\-mistress and High Inquisitor of Hogwarts!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are from the Ministry of Magic?\rdblquote  said Magorian, as many of the centaurs in the surrounding circle shifted restlessly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right!\rdblquote  said Umbridge in an even higher voice. \ldblquote So be very careful! By the laws laid down by the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, any attack by half-breeds such as yourselves on a human \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0  did you call us?\rdblquote  shouted a wild-looking black centaur, whom Harry recognized as Bane. There was a great deal of angry mut\-tering and tightening of bowstrings around them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t call them that!\rdblquote  Hermione said furiously, but Umbridge did not appear to have heard her. Still pointing her shaking wand at Magorian, she continued, \ldblquote Law Fifteen B states clearly that \lquote Any at\-tack by a magical creature who is deemed to have near-human intelli\-gence, and therefore considered responsible for its actions \emdash\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Near-human intelligence\rquote ?\rdblquote  repeated Magorian, as Bane and sev\-eral others roared with rage and pawed the ground. \ldblquote We consider that a great insult, human! Our intelligence, thankfully, far outstrips your own \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you doing in our forest?\rdblquote  bellowed the hard-faced gray centaur whom Harry and Hermione had seen on their last trip into the forest. \ldblquote Why are you here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Your\i0  forest?\rdblquote  said Umbridge, shaking now not only with fright but also, it seemed, with indignation. \ldblquote I would remind you that you live\lang3081  \lang1033 here only because the Ministry of Magic permits you certain areas of land \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An arrow flew so close to her head that it caught at her mousy hair in passing. She let out an earsplitting scream and threw her hands over her head while some of the centaurs bellowed their approval and oth\-ers laughed raucously. The sound of their wild, neighing laughter echoing around the dimly lit clearing and the sight of their pawing hooves was extremely unnerving.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whose forest is it now, human?\rdblquote  bellowed Bane.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Filthy half-breeds!\rdblquote  she screamed, her hands still tight over her head. \ldblquote Beasts! Uncontrolled animals!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Be quiet!\rdblquote  shouted Hermione, but it was too late \emdash  Umbridge pointed her wand at Magorian and screamed, \ldblquote\i Incarcerous\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ropes flew out of midair like thick snakes, wrapping themselves tightly around the centaur\rquote s torso and trapping his arms. He gave a cry of rage and reared onto his hind legs, attempting to free himself, while the other centaurs charged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry grabbed Hermione and pulled her to the ground. Facedown on the forest floor he knew a moment of terror as hooves thundered around him, but the centaurs leapt over and around them, bellowing and screaming with rage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nooooo!\rdblquote  he heard Umbridge shriek. \ldblquote Noooooo \'85 I am Senior Undersecretary \'85 you cannot \'85 unhand me, you animals \'85 nooooo!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He saw a flash of red light and knew that she had attempted to Stun one of them \emdash  then she screamed very loudly. Lifting his head a few inches, Harry saw that Umbridge had been seized from behind by Bane and lifted high into the air, wriggling and yelling with fright. Her wand fell from her hand to the ground and Harry\rquote s heart leapt, if he could just reach it \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But as he stretched out a hand toward it, a centaur\rquote s hoof descended upon the wand and it broke cleanly in half.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now!\rdblquote  roared a voice in Harry\rquote s ear and a thick hairy arm de\-scended from thin air and dragged him upright; Hermione too had been pulled to her feet. Over the plunging, many-colored backs and heads of the centaurs Harry saw Umbridge being borne away through the trees by Bane, still screaming nonstop; her voice grew fainter and fainter until they could no longer hear it over the trampling of hooves surrounding them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And these?\rdblquote  said the hard-faced, gray centaur holding Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They are young,\rdblquote  said a slow, doleful voice from behind Harry. \ldblquote We do not attack foals.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They brought her here, Ronan,\rdblquote  replied the centaur who had such a firm grip on Harry. \ldblquote And they are not so young. \'85 He is nearing manhood, this one. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He shook Harry by the neck of his robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please,\rdblquote  said Hermione breathlessly, \ldblquote please, don\rquote t attack us, we don\rquote t think like her, we aren\rquote t Ministry of Magic employees! We only came in here because we hoped you\rquote d drive her off for us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry knew at once from the look on the face of the gray centaur holding Hermione that she had made a terrible mistake in saying this. The gray centaur threw back his head, his back legs stamping furi\-ously, and bellowed, \ldblquote You see, Ronan? They already have the arro\-gance of their kind! So we were to do your dirty work, were we, human girl? We were to act as your servants, drive away your enemies like obedient hounds?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Hermione in a horrorstruck squeak. \ldblquote Please \emdash  I didn\rquote t mean that! I just hoped you\rquote d be able to \emdash  to help us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But she seemed to be going from bad to worse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We do not help humans!\rdblquote  snarled the centaur holding Harry, tightening his grip and rearing a little at the same time, so that Harry\rquote s feet left the ground momentarily. \ldblquote We are a race apart and proud to be so. \'85 We will not permit you to walk from here, boasting that we did your bidding!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not going to say anything like that!\rdblquote  Harry shouted. \ldblquote We know you didn\rquote t do anything because we wanted you to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But nobody seemed to be listening to him. A bearded centaur to\-ward the back of the crowd shouted, \ldblquote They came here unasked, they must pay the consequences!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A roar of approval met these words and a dun-colored centaur shouted, \ldblquote They can join the woman!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You said you didn\rquote t hurt the innocent!\rdblquote  shouted Hermione, real tears sliding down her face now. \ldblquote We haven\rquote t done anything to hurt you, we haven\rquote t used wands or threats, we just want to go back to school, please let us go back \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We are not all like the traitor Firenze, human girl!\rdblquote  shouted the gray centaur, to more neighing roars of approval from his fellows. \ldblquote Perhaps you thought us pretty talking horses? We are an ancient peo\-ple who will not stand wizard invasions and insults! We do not recog\-nize your laws, we do not acknowledge your superiority, we are \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But they did not hear what else centaurs were, for at that moment there came a crashing noise on the edge of the clearing so loud that all of them \emdash  Harry, Hermione, and the fifty or so centaurs filling the clearing \emdash  looked around. Harry\rquote s centaur let him fall to the ground again as his hands flew to his bow and quiver of arrows; Hermione had been dropped too, and Harry hurried toward her as two thick tree trunks parted ominously and the monstrous form of Grawp the giant appeared in the gap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The centaurs nearest him backed into those behind. The clearing was now a forest of bows and arrows waiting to be fired, all pointing upward at the enormous grayish face now looming over them from just beneath the thick canopy of branches. Grawp\rquote s lopsided mouth was gaping stupidly. They could see his bricklike yellow teeth glim\-mering in the half-light, his dull sludge-colored eyes narrowed as he squinted down at the creatures at his feet. Broken ropes trailed from both ankles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened his mouth even wider.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagger.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not know what \ldblquote hagger\rdblquote  meant, or what language it was from, nor did he much care \emdash  he was watching Grawp\rquote s feet, which were almost as long as Harry\rquote s whole body. Hermione gripped his arm tightly; the centaurs were quite silent, staring up at the giant, whose huge, round head moved from side to side as he continued to peer amongst them as though looking for something he had dropped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hagger\i0 !\rdblquote  he said again, more insistently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get away from here, giant!\rdblquote  called Magorian. \ldblquote You are not wel\-come among us!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 These words seemed to make no impression whatsoever on Grawp. He stooped a little (the centaurs\rquote  arms tensed on their bows) and then bellowed, \ldblquote HAGGER!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few of the centaurs looked worried now. Hermione, however, gave a gasp.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  she whispered. \ldblquote I think he\rquote s trying to say \lquote Hagrid\rquote !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At this precise moment Grawp caught sight of them, the only two humans in a sea of centaurs. He lowered his head another foot or so, staring intently at them. Harry could feel Hermione shaking as Grawp opened his mouth wide again and said, in a deep, rumbling voice, \ldblquote Hermy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Goodness,\rdblquote  said Hermione, gripping Harry\rquote s arm so tightly it was growing numb and looking as though she was about to faint, \ldblquote he \emdash  he remembered!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HERMY!\rdblquote  roared Grawp. \ldblquote WHERE HAGGER?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know!\rdblquote  squealed Hermione, terrified. \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, Grawp, I don\rquote t know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote GRAWP WANT HAGGER!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One of the giant\rquote s massive hands swooped down upon them \emdash  Hermione let out a real scream, ran a few steps backward and fell over. Wandless, Harry braced himself to punch, kick, bite, or whatever else\lang3081  \lang1033 it took as the hand flew toward him and knocked a snow-white cen\-taur off his legs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was what the centaurs had been waiting for \emdash  Grawp\rquote s out\-stretched fingers were a foot from Harry when fifty arrows went soar\-ing through the air at the giant, peppering his enormous face, causing him to howl with pain and rage and straighten up again, rubbing his face with his enormous hands, breaking off the arrow shafts but forc\-ing the heads in still deeper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He yelled and stamped his enormous feet and the centaurs scat\-tered out of the way. Pebble-sized droplets of Grawp\rquote s blood showered Harry as he pulled Hermione to her feet and the pair of them ran as fast as they could for the shelter of the trees. Once there they looked back \emdash  Grawp was snatching blindly at the centaurs as blood ran all down his face; they were retreating in disorder, galloping away through the trees on the other side of the clearing. As Harry and Hermione watched, Grawp gave another roar of fury and plunged af\-ter them, smashing more trees aside as he went.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no,\rdblquote  said Hermione, quaking so badly that her knees gave way. \ldblquote Oh, that was horrible. And he might kill them all. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not that fussed, to be honest,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sounds of the galloping centaurs and the blundering giant were growing fainter and fainter. As Harry listened to them his scar gave another great throb and a wave of terror swept over him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had wasted so much time \emdash  they were even further from res\-cuing Sirius than they had been when he had had the vision. Not only had Harry managed to lose his wand but they were stuck in the mid\-dle of the Forbidden Forest with no means of transport whatsoever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Smart plan,\rdblquote  he spat at Hermione, keen to release some of his fury. \ldblquote Really smart plan. Where do we go from here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need to get back up to the castle,\rdblquote  said Hermione faintly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote By the time we\rquote ve done that, Sirius\rquote ll probably be dead!\rdblquote  said Harry, kicking a nearby tree in temper; there was a high-pitched\lang3081  \lang1033 chattering overhead and he looked up to see an angry bowtruckle flex\-ing its long twiglike fingers at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we can\rquote t do anything without wands,\rdblquote  said Hermione hope\-lessly, dragging herself up again. \ldblquote Anyway, Harry, how exactly were you planning to get all the way to London?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, we were just wondering that,\rdblquote  said a familiar voice from be\-hind her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione moved instinctively together, peering through the trees, as Ron came into sight, with Ginny, Neville, and Luna hur\-rying along behind him. All of them looked a little the worse for wear \emdash  there were several long scratches running the length of Ginny\rquote s cheek, a large purple lump was swelling above Neville\rquote s right eye, Ron\rquote s lip was bleeding worse than ever \emdash  but all were looking rather pleased with themselves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Ron, pushing aside a low-hanging branch and holding out Harry\rquote s wand, \ldblquote had any ideas?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you get away?\rdblquote  asked Harry in amazement, taking his wand from Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Couple of Stunners, a Disarming Charm, Neville brought off a re\-ally nice little Impediment Jinx,\rdblquote  said Ron airily, now handing back Hermione\rquote s wand too. \ldblquote But Ginny was best, she got Malfoy \emdash  Bat-Bogey Hex \emdash  it was superb, his whole face was covered in the great flapping things. Anyway, we saw you heading into the forest out of the window and followed. What\rquote ve you done with Umbridge?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She got carried away,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote By a herd of centaurs.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And they left you behind?\rdblquote  asked Ginny, looking astonished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, they got chased off by Grawp,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s Grawp?\rdblquote  Luna asked interestedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid\rquote s little brother,\rdblquote  said Ron promptly. \ldblquote Anyway, never mind that now. Harry, what did you find out in the fire? Has You-Know-Who got Sirius or \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, as his scar gave another painful prickle, \ldblquote and I\rquote m\lang3081  \lang1033 sure Sirius is still alive, but I can\rquote t see how we\rquote re going to get there to help him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all fell silent, looking rather scared. The problem facing them seemed insurmountable.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we\rquote ll have to fly, won\rquote t we?\rdblquote  said Luna in the closest thing to a matter-of-fact voice Harry had ever heard her use.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry irritably, rounding on her, \ldblquote first of all, \lquote we\rquote  aren\rquote t doing anything if you\rquote re including yourself in that, and second of all, Ron\rquote s the only one with a broomstick that isn\rquote t being guarded by a security troll, so \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got a broom!\rdblquote  said Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but you\rquote re not coming,\rdblquote  said Ron angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excuse me, but I care what happens to Sirius as much as you do!\rdblquote  said Ginny, her jaw set so that her resemblance to Fred and George was suddenly striking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re too \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m three years older than you were when you fought You-Know-Who over the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone,\rdblquote  she said fiercely, \ldblquote and it\rquote s because of me Malfoy\rquote s stuck back in Umbridge\rquote s office with giant flying bogeys attacking him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We were all in the D.A. together,\rdblquote  said Neville quietly. \ldblquote It was all supposed to be about fighting You-Know-Who, wasn\rquote t it? And this is the first chance we\rquote ve had to do something real \emdash  or was that all just a game or something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  of course it wasn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then we should come too,\rdblquote  said Neville simply. \ldblquote We want to help.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Luna, smiling happily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s eyes met Ron\rquote s. He knew that Ron was thinking exactly what he was: If he could have chosen any members of the D.A. in ad\-dition to himself, Ron, and Hermione to join him in the attempt to rescue Sirius, he would not have picked Ginny, Neville, or Luna.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it doesn\rquote t matter anyway,\rdblquote  said Harry frustratedly, \ldblquote because we still don\rquote t know how to get there \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought we\rquote d settled that?\rdblquote  said Luna maddeningly. \ldblquote We\rquote re flying!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  said Ron, barely containing his anger, \ldblquote you might be able to fly without a broomstick but the rest of us can\rquote t sprout wings when\-ever we \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are other ways of flying than with broomsticks,\rdblquote  said Luna serenely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I s\rquote pose we\rquote re going to ride on the back of the Kacky Snorgle or whatever it is?\rdblquote  Ron demanded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Crumple-Horned Snorkack can\rquote t fly,\rdblquote  said Luna in a dignified voice, \ldblquote but \i they\i0  can, and Hagrid says they\rquote re very good at finding places their riders are looking for.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry whirled around. Standing between two trees, their white eyes gleaming eerily, were two thestrals, watching the whispered con\-versation as though they understood every word.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes!\rdblquote  he whispered, moving toward them. They tossed their reptil\-ian heads, throwing back long black manes, and Harry stretched out his hand eagerly and patted the nearest one\rquote s shining neck. How could he ever have thought them ugly?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it those mad horse things?\rdblquote  said Ron uncertainly, staring at a point slightly to the left of the thestral Harry was patting. \ldblquote Those ones you can\rquote t see unless you\rquote ve watched someone snuff it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How many?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just two.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we need three,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who was still looking a lit\-tle shaken, but determined just the same.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Four, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ginny, scowling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think there are six of us, actually,\rdblquote  said Luna calmly, counting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be stupid, we can\rquote t all go!\rdblquote  said Harry angrily. \ldblquote Look, you\lang3081  \lang1033 three\rdblquote  \emdash  he pointed at Neville, Ginny, and Luna \emdash  \ldblquote you\rquote re not in\-volved in this, you\rquote re not \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They burst into more protests. His scar gave another, more painful, twinge. Every moment they delayed was precious; he did not have time to argue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, fine, it\rquote s your choice,\rdblquote  he said curtly. \ldblquote But unless we can find more thestrals you\rquote re not going to be able \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, more of them will come,\rdblquote  said Ginny confidently, who like Ron was squinting in quite the wrong direction, apparently under the impression that she was looking at the horses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What makes you think that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because in case you hadn\rquote t noticed, you and Hermione are both covered in blood,\rdblquote  she said coolly, \ldblquote and we know Hagrid lures thes\-trals with raw meat, so that\rquote s probably why these two turned up in the first place. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a soft tug on his robes at that moment and looked down to see the closest thestral licking his sleeve, which was damp with Grawp\rquote s blood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, then,\rdblquote  he said, a bright idea occurring. \ldblquote Ron and I will take these two and go ahead, and Hermione can stay here with you three and she\rquote ll attract more thestrals \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not staying behind!\rdblquote  said Hermione furiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s no need,\rdblquote  said Luna, smiling. \ldblquote Look, here come more now. \'85 You two must really smell. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned. No fewer than six or seven thestrals were picking their way through the trees now, their great leathery wings folded tight to their bodies, their eyes gleaming through the darkness. He had no excuse now. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  he said angrily, \ldblquote pick one and get on, then.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 34\par
\pard\qc The Department of Mysteries\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry wound his hand tightly into the mane of the nearest thestral, placed a foot on a stump nearby, and scrambled clumsily onto the horse\rquote s silken back. It did not object, but twisted its head around, fangs bared, and attempted to continue its eager licking of his robes.\par
He found there was a way of lodging his knees behind the wing joints that made him feel more secure and looked around at the oth\-ers. Neville had heaved himself over the back of the next thestral and was now attempting to swing one short leg over the creature\rquote s back. Luna was already in place, sitting sidesaddle and adjusting her robes as though she did this every day. Ron, Hermione, and Ginny, however, were still standing motionless on the spot, openmouthed and staring.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote re we supposed to get on?\rdblquote  said Ron faintly. \ldblquote When we can\rquote t see the things?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh it\rquote s easy,\rdblquote  said Luna, sliding obligingly from her thestral and marching over to him, Hermione, and Ginny. \ldblquote Come here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She pulled them over to the other thestrals standing around and one by one managed to help them onto the backs of their mounts. All three looked extremely nervous as she wound their hands into the horses\rquote  manes and told them to grip tightly before getting back onto her own steed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is mad,\rdblquote  Ron said faintly, moving his free hand gingerly up and down his horse\rquote s neck. \ldblquote Mad \'85 if I could just see it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d better hope it stays invisible,\rdblquote  said Harry darkly. \ldblquote We all ready, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all nodded and he saw five pairs of knees tighten beneath their robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked down at the back of his thestral\rquote s glossy black head and swallowed. \ldblquote Ministry of Magic, visitors\rquote  entrance, London, then,\rdblquote  he said uncertainly. \ldblquote Er \'85 if you know \'85 where to go \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a moment his thestral did nothing at all. Then, with a sweep\-ing movement that nearly unseated him, the wings on either side ex\-tended, the horse crouched slowly and then rocketed upward so fast and so steeply that Harry had to clench his arms and legs tightly around the horse to avoid sliding backward over its bony rump. He closed his eyes and put his face down into the horse\rquote s silky mane as they burst through the topmost branches of the trees and soared out into a bloodred sunset.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not think he had ever moved so fast: The thestral streaked over the castle, its wide wings hardly beating. The cooling air was slapping Harry\rquote s face; eyes screwed up against the rushing wind, he looked around and saw his five fellows soaring along behind him, each of them bent as low as possible into the neck of their thestral to protect themselves from its slipstream.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were over the Hogwarts grounds, they had passed Hogs\-meade. Harry could see mountains and gullies below them. In the\lang3081  \lang1033 falling darkness Harry saw small collections of lights as they passed over more villages, then a winding road on which a single car was beetling its way home through the hills. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is bizarre!\rdblquote  Harry heard Ron yell from somewhere behind him, and he imagined how it must feel to be speeding along at this height with no visible means of support. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Twilight fell: The sky turned to a light, dusky purple littered with tiny silver stars, and soon it was only the lights of Muggle towns that gave them any clue of how far from the ground they were or how very fast they were traveling. Harry\rquote s arms were wrapped tightly around his horse\rquote s neck as he willed it to go even faster. How much time had elapsed since he had seen Sirius lying on the Department of Mysteries floor? How much longer would he be able to resist Voldemort? All Harry knew for sure was that Sirius had neither done as Voldemort wanted, nor died, for he was convinced that either outcome would cause him to feel Voldemort\rquote s jubilation or fury course through his own body, making his scar sear as painfully as it had on the night Mr. Weasley was attacked. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On they flew through the gathering darkness; Harry\rquote s face felt stiff and cold, his legs numb from gripping the thestral\rquote s sides so tightly, but he did not dare shift positions lest he slip. \'85 He was deaf from the thundering in his ears and his mouth was dry and frozen from the rush of cold night air. He had lost all sense of how far they had come; all his faith was in the beast below him, still streaking purposefully through the night, barely flapping its wings as it sped ever onward. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If they were too late \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i He\rquote s still alive, he\rquote s still fighting, I can feel it. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 If Voldemort decided Sirius was not going to crack \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I\rquote d know. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s stomach gave a jolt. The thestral\rquote s head was suddenly point\-ing toward the ground and he had actually slid forward a few inches along its neck. They were descending at last. \'85 He heard one of the\lang3081  \lang1033 girls shriek behind him and twisted around dangerously but could see no sign of a falling body. \'85 Presumably they had received a shock from the change of position, just as he had. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now bright orange lights were growing larger and rounder on all sides. They could see the tops of buildings, streams of headlights like luminous insect eyes, squares of pale yellow that were windows. Quite suddenly, it seemed, they were hurtling toward the pavement. Harry gripped the thestral with every last ounce of his strength, braced for a sudden impact, but the horse touched the dark ground as lightly as a shadow and Harry slid from his back, looking around at the street where the overflowing dumpster still stood a short way from the vandalized telephone box, both drained of color in the flat orange glare of the streetlights.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron landed a short way away and toppled immediately off his thes\-tral onto the pavement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never again,\rdblquote  he said, struggling to his feet. He made as though to stride away from his thestral, but, unable to see it, collided with its hindquarters and almost fell over again. \ldblquote Never, ever again \'85 that was the worst \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione and Ginny touched down on either side of him. Both slid off their mounts a little more gracefully than Ron, though with similar expressions of relief at being back on firm ground. Neville jumped down, shaking, but Luna dismounted smoothly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where do we go from here, then?\rdblquote  she asked Harry in a politely interested voice, as though this was all a rather interesting day-trip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Over here,\rdblquote  he said. He gave his thestral a quick, grateful pat, then led the way quickly to the battered telephone box and opened the door. \ldblquote Come \i on\i0 !\rdblquote  he urged the others as they hesitated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Ginny marched in obediently; Hermione, Neville, and Luna squashed themselves in after them; Harry took one glance back at the thestrals, now foraging for scraps of rotten food inside the dumpster, then forced himself into the box after Luna.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whoever\rquote s nearest the receiver, dial six two four four two!\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron did it, his arm bent bizarrely to reach the dial. As it whirred back into place the cool female voice sounded inside the box, \ldblquote Wel\-come to the Ministry of Magic. Please state your name and business.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger,\rdblquote  Harry said very quickly, \ldblquote Ginny Weasley, Neville Longbottom, Luna Lovegood \'85 We\rquote re here to save someone, unless your Ministry can do it first!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said the cool female voice. \ldblquote Visitors, please take the badges and attach them to the front of your robes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Half a dozen badges slid out of the metal chute where returned coins usually appeared. Hermione scooped them up and handed them mutely to Harry over Ginny\rquote s head; he glanced at the topmost one.\par
\lang3081\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 HARRY POTTER\lang3081\par
\lang1033\fs20 RESCUE MISSION\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Visitor to the Ministry, you are required to submit to a search and present your wand for registration at the security desk, which is lo\-cated at the far end of the Atrium.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine!\rdblquote  Harry said loudly, as his scar gave another throb. \ldblquote Now can we \i move\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The floor of the telephone box shuddered and the pavement rose up past the glass windows of the telephone box. The scavenging thes\-trals were sliding out of sight, blackness closed over their heads, and with a dull grinding noise they sank down into the depths of the Min\-istry of Magic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A chink of soft golden light hit their feet and, widening, rose up their bodies. Harry bent his knees and held his wand as ready as he could in such cramped conditions, peering through the glass to see whether anybody was waiting for them in the Atrium, but it seemed to be completely empty. The light was dimmer than it had been by day. There were no fires burning under the mantelpieces set into the\lang3081  \lang1033 walls, but he saw as the lift slid smoothly to a halt that golden symbols continued to twist sinuously in the dark blue ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Ministry of Magic wishes you a pleasant evening,\rdblquote  said the woman\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door of the telephone box burst open; Harry toppled out of it, followed by Neville and Luna. The only sound in the Atrium was the steady rush of water from the golden fountain, where jets from the wands of the witch and wizard, the point of the centaur\rquote s arrow, the tip of the goblin\rquote s hat, and the house-elf\rquote s ears continued to gush into the surrounding pool.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly and the six of them sprinted off down the hall, Harry in the lead, past the fountain, toward the desk where the security man who had weighed Harry\rquote s wand had sat and which was now deserted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt sure that there ought to be a security person there, sure that their absence was an ominous sign, and his feeling of foreboding increased as they passed through the golden gates to the lifts. He pressed the nearest down button and a lift clattered into sight almost immediately, the golden grilles slid apart with a great, echoing clank\-ing, and they dashed inside. Harry stabbed the number nine button, the grilles closed with a bang, and the lift began to descend, jangling and rattling. Harry had not realized how noisy the lifts were on the day that he had come with Mr. Weasley \emdash  he was sure that the din would raise every security person within the building, yet when the lift halted, the cool female voice said, \ldblquote Department of Mysteries,\rdblquote  and the grilles slid open again, they stepped out into the corridor where nothing was moving but the nearest torches, flickering in the rush of air from the lift.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned toward the plain black door. After months and months of dreaming about it, he was here at last. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s go,\rdblquote  he whispered, and he led the way down the corridor, Luna right behind him, gazing around with her mouth slightly open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, listen,\rdblquote  said Harry, stopping again within six feet of the door. \ldblquote Maybe \'85 maybe a couple of people should stay here as a \emdash  as a lookout, and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And how\rquote re we going to let you know something\rquote s coming?\rdblquote  asked Ginny, her eyebrows raised. \ldblquote You could be miles away.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re coming with you, Harry,\rdblquote  said Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s get on with it,\rdblquote  said Ron firmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry still did not want to take them all with him, but it seemed he had no choice. He turned to face the door and walked forward. Just as it had in his dream, it swung open and he marched forward, leading the others over the threshold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were standing in a large, circular room. Everything in here was black including the floor and ceiling \emdash  identical, unmarked, handle-less black doors were set at intervals all around the black walls, interspersed with branches of candles whose flames burned blue, their cool, shimmering light reflected in the shining marble floor so that it looked as though there was dark water underfoot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Someone shut the door,\rdblquote  Harry muttered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He regretted giving this order the moment Neville had obeyed it. Without the long chink of light from the torch-lit corridor behind them, the place became so dark that for a moment the only things they could see were the bunches of shivering blue flames on the walls and their ghostly reflections in the floor below.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In his dream, Harry had always walked purposefully across this room to the door immediately opposite the entrance and walked on. But there were around a dozen doors here. Just as he was gazing ahead at the doors opposite him, trying to decide which was the right one, there was a great rumbling noise and the candles began to move side\-ways. The circular wall was rotating.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione grabbed Harry\rquote s arm as though frightened the floor might move too, but it did not. For a few seconds the blue flames around them were blurred to resemble neon lines as the wall sped\lang3081  \lang1033 around and then, quite as suddenly as it had started, the rumbling stopped and everything became stationary once again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s eyes had blue streaks burned into them; it was all he could see.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was that about?\rdblquote  whispered Ron fearfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think it was to stop us knowing which door we came in from,\rdblquote  said Ginny in a hushed voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry realized at once that she was right: He could no sooner have picked the exit from the other doors than located an ant upon the jet-black floor. Meanwhile, the door through which they needed to pro\-ceed could be any of the dozen surrounding them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote re we going to get back out?\rdblquote  said Neville uncomfortably.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that doesn\rquote t matter now,\rdblquote  said Harry forcefully, blinking to try and erase the blue lines from his vision, and clutching his wand tighter than ever. \ldblquote We won\rquote t need to get out till we\rquote ve found Sirius \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t go calling for him, though!\rdblquote  Hermione said urgently, but Harry had never needed her advice less; his instinct was to keep as quiet as possible for the time being.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where do we go, then, Harry?\rdblquote  Ron asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began. He swallowed. \ldblquote In the dreams I went through the door at the end of the corridor from the lifts into a dark room \emdash  that\rquote s this one \emdash  and then I went through another door into a room that kind of\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 glitters. We should try a few doors,\rdblquote  he said hastily. \ldblquote I\rquote ll know the right way when I see it. C\rquote mon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He marched straight at the door now facing him, the others follow\-ing close behind him, set his left hand against its cool, shining surface, raised his wand, ready to strike the moment it opened, and pushed. It swung open easily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After the darkness of the first room, the lamps hanging low on golden chains from this ceiling gave the impression that this long rec\-tangular room was much brighter, though there were no glittering, shimmering lights such as Harry had seen in his dreams. The place\lang3081  \lang1033 was quite empty except for a few desks and, in the very middle of the room, an enormous glass tank of deep-green water, big enough for all of them to swim in, which contained a number of pearly white objects that were drifting around lazily in the liquid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote re those things?\rdblquote  whispered Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are they fish?\rdblquote  breathed Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aquavirius maggots!\rdblquote  said Luna excitedly. \ldblquote Dad said the Ministry were breeding \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Hermione. She sounded odd. She moved forward to look through the side of the tank. \ldblquote They\rquote re brains.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Brains\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \'85 I wonder what they\rquote re doing with them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry joined her at the tank. Sure enough, there could be no mis\-take now that he saw them at close quarters. Glimmering eerily they drifted in and out of sight in the depths of the green water, looking something like slimy cauliflowers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s get out of here,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote This isn\rquote t right, we need to try another door \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are doors here too,\rdblquote  said Ron, pointing around the walls. Harry\rquote s heart sank; how big was this place?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In my dream I went through that dark room into the second one,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I think we should go back and try from there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 So they hurried back into the dark, circular room; the ghostly shapes of the brains were now swimming before Harry\rquote s eyes instead of the blue candle flames.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait!\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply, as Luna made to close the door of the brain room behind them. \ldblquote\i Flagrate\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She drew with her wand in midair and a fiery \lang3081 X \lang1033 appeared on the door. No sooner had the door clicked shut behind them than there was a great rumbling, and once again the wall began to revolve very fast, but now there was a great red-gold blur in amongst the faint blue,\lang3081  \lang1033 and when all became still again, the fiery cross still burned, showing the door they had already tried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good thinking,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Okay, let\rquote s try this one \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Again he strode directly at the door facing him and pushed it open, his wand still raised, the others at his heels.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This room was larger than the last, dimly lit and rectangular, and the center of it was sunken, forming a great stone pit some twenty feet be\-low them. They were standing on the topmost tier of what seemed to be stone benches running all around the room and descending in steep steps like an amphitheater, or the courtroom in which Harry had been tried by the Wizengamot. Instead of a chained chair, however, there was a raised stone dais in the center of the lowered floor, and upon this dais stood a stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked, and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing was still standing. Unsupported by any surrounding wall, the archway was hung with a tattered black cur\-tain or veil which, despite the complete stillness of the cold surround\-ing air, was fluttering very slightly as though it had just been touched.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s there?\rdblquote  said Harry, jumping down onto the bench below. There was no answering voice, but the veil continued to flutter and sway.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Careful!\rdblquote  whispered Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry scrambled down the benches one by one until he reached the stone bottom of the sunken pit. His footsteps echoed loudly as he walked slowly toward the dais. The pointed archway looked much taller from where he stood now than when he had been looking down on it from above. Still the veil swayed gently, as though somebody had just passed through it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius?\rdblquote  Harry spoke again, but much more quietly now that he was nearer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had the strangest feeling that there was someone standing right behind the veil on the other side of the archway. Gripping his wand very tightly, he edged around the dais, but there was nobody there. All that could be seen was the other side of the tattered black veil.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s go,\rdblquote  called Hermione from halfway up the stone steps. \ldblquote This isn\rquote t right, Harry, come on, let\rquote s go. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She sounded scared, much more scared than she had in the room where the brains swam, yet Harry thought the archway had a kind of beauty about it, old though it was. The gently rippling veil intrigued him; he felt a very strong inclination to climb up on the dais and walk through it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, let\rquote s go, okay?\rdblquote  said Hermione more forcefully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  he said, but he did not move. He had just heard some\-thing. There were faint whispering, murmuring noises coming from the other side of the veil.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you saying?\rdblquote  he said very loudly, so that the words echoed all around the surrounding stone benches.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nobody\rquote s talking, Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione, now moving over to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Someone\rquote s whispering behind there,\rdblquote  he said, moving out of her reach and continuing to frown at the veil. \ldblquote Is that you, Ron?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m here, mate,\rdblquote  said Ron, appearing around the side of the arch\-way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t anyone else hear it?\rdblquote  Harry demanded, for the whispering and murmuring was becoming louder; without really meaning to put it there, he found his foot was on the dais.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can hear them too,\rdblquote  breathed Luna, joining them around the side of the archway and gazing at the swaying veil. \ldblquote There are people \i in there\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean, \lquote\i in there\i0\rquote ?\rdblquote  demanded Hermione, jumping down from the bottom step and sounding much angrier than the oc\-casion warranted. \ldblquote There isn\rquote t any \lquote\i in there,\i0\rquote  it\rquote s just an archway, there\rquote s no room for anybody to be there \emdash  Harry, stop it, come away \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She grabbed his arm and pulled, but he resisted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, we are supposed to be here for Sirius!\rdblquote  she said in a high-pitched, strained voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius,\rdblquote  Harry repeated, still gazing, mesmerized, at the continu\-ously swaying veil. \ldblquote Yeah \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then something slid back into place in his brain: Sirius, cap\-tured, bound, and tortured, and he was staring at this archway. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He took several paces back from the dais and wrenched his eyes from the veil.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s go,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s what I\rquote ve been trying to \emdash  well, come on, then!\rdblquote  said Hermione, and she led the way back around the dais. On the other side, Ginny and Neville were staring, apparently entranced, at the veil too. Without speaking, Hermione took hold of Ginny\rquote s arm, Ron Neville\rquote s, and they marched them firmly back to the lowest stone bench and clambered all the way back up to the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon that arch was?\rdblquote  Harry asked Hermione as they regained the dark circular room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know, but whatever it was, it was dangerous,\rdblquote  she said firmly, again inscribing a fiery cross upon the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once more the wall spun and became still again. Harry approached a door at random and pushed. It did not move.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s \'85 locked \'85\rdblquote  said Harry, throwing his weight at the door, but it did not budge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is it, then, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Ron excitedly, joining Harry in the attempt to force the door open. \ldblquote Bound to be!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get out of the way!\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply. She pointed her wand at the place where a lock would have been on an ordinary door and said, \ldblquote\i Alohomora\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nothing happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius\rquote s knife!\rdblquote  said Harry, and he pulled it out from inside his robes and slid it into the crack between the door and the wall. The others all watched eagerly as he ran it from top to bottom, withdrew it, and then flung his shoulder again at the door. It remained as firmly\lang3081  \lang1033 shut as ever. What was more, when Harry looked down at the knife, he saw that the blade had melted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right, we\rquote re leaving that room,\rdblquote  said Hermione decisively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what if that\rquote s the one?\rdblquote  said Ron, staring at it with a mixture of apprehension and longing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It can\rquote t be, Harry could get through all the doors in his dream,\rdblquote  said Hermione, marking the door with another fiery cross as Harry re\-placed the now-useless handle of Sirius\rquote s knife in his pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what could be in there?\rdblquote  said Luna eagerly, as the wall started to spin yet again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Something blibbering, no doubt,\rdblquote  said Hermione under her breath, and Neville gave a nervous little laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wall slid back to a halt and Harry, with a feeling of increasing desperation, pushed the next door open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i This is it\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He knew it at once by the beautiful, dancing, diamond-sparkling light. As Harry\rquote s eyes became more accustomed to the brilliant glare he saw clocks gleaming from every surface, large and small, grandfa\-ther and carriage, hanging in spaces between the bookcases or stand\-ing on desks ranging the length of the room, so that a busy, relentless ticking filled the place like thousands of minuscule, marching foot\-steps. The source of the dancing, diamond-bright light was a towering crystal bell jar that stood at the far end of the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This way!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart was pumping frantically now that he knew they were on the right track. He led the way forward down the narrow space be\-tween the lines of the desks, heading, as he had done in his dream, for the source of the light, the crystal bell jar quite as tall as he was that stood on a desk and appeared to be full of a billowing, glittering wind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \i look\i0 !\rdblquote  said Ginny, as they drew nearer, pointing at the very heart of the bell jar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Drifting along in the sparkling current inside was a tiny, jewel-bright egg. As it rose in the jar it cracked open and a hummingbird emerged, which was carried to the very top of the jar, but as it fell on the draft, its feathers became bedraggled and damp again, and by the time it had been borne back to the bottom of the jar it had been en\-closed once more in its egg.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Keep going!\rdblquote  said Harry sharply, because Ginny showed signs of wanting to stop and watch the egg\rquote s progress back into a bird.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You dawdled enough by that old arch!\rdblquote  she said crossly, but fol\-lowed him past the bell jar to the only door behind it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is it,\rdblquote  Harry said again, and his heart was now pumping so hard and fast he felt it must interfere with his speech. \ldblquote It\rquote s through here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He glanced around at them all. They had their wands out and looked suddenly serious and anxious. He looked back at the door and pushed. It swung open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were there, they had found the place: high as a church and full of nothing but towering shelves covered in small, dusty, glass orbs. They glimmered dully in the light issuing from more candle brackets set at intervals along the shelves. Like those in the circular room be\-hind them, their flames were burning blue. The room was very cold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry edged forward and peered down one of the shadowy aisles between two rows of shelves. He could not hear anything nor see the slightest sign of movement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You said it was row ninety-seven,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  breathed Harry, looking up at the end of the closest row. Beneath the branch of blue-glowing candles protruding from it glim\-mered the silver figure 53.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need to go right, I think,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione, squinting to the next row. \ldblquote Yes \'85 that\rquote s fifty-four. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Keep your wands out,\rdblquote  Harry said softly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They crept forward, staring behind them as they went on down the\lang3081  \lang1033 long alleys of shelves, the farther ends of which were in near total darkness. Tiny, yellowing labels had been stuck beneath each glass orb on the shelf. Some of them had a weird, liquid glow; others were as dull and dark within as blown lightbulbs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They passed row eighty-four \'85 eighty-five \'85 Harry was listen\-ing hard for the slightest sound of movement, but Sirius might be gagged now, or else unconscious \'85 \i or,\i0  said an unbidden voice inside his head, \i he might already be dead. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I\rquote d have felt it,\i0  he told himself, his heart now hammering against his Adam\rquote s apple. \i I\rquote d already know. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ninety-seven!\rdblquote  whispered Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They stood grouped around the end of the row, gazing down the alley beside it. There was nobody there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s right down at the end,\rdblquote  said Harry, whose mouth had be\-come slightly dry. \ldblquote You can\rquote t see properly from here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he led them forward, between the towering rows of glass balls, some of which glowed softly as they passed. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He should be near here,\rdblquote  whispered Harry, convinced that every step was going to bring the ragged form of Sirius into view upon the darkened floor. \ldblquote Anywhere here \'85 really close \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  said Hermione tentatively, but he did not want to re\-spond. His mouth was very dry now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Somewhere about\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 here \'85\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had reached the end of the row and emerged into more dim candlelight. There was nobody there at all. All was echoing, dusty silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He might be \'85\rdblquote  Harry whispered hoarsely, peering down the alley next door. \ldblquote Or maybe \'85\rdblquote  He hurried to look down the one beyond that.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  said Hermione again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  he snarled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85 I don\rquote t think Sirius is here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody spoke. Harry did not want to look at any of them. He felt sick. He did not understand why Sirius was not here. He had to be here. This was where he, Harry, had seen him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He ran up the space at the end of the rows, staring down them. Empty aisle after empty aisle flickered past. He ran the other way, back past his staring companions. There was no sign of Sirius any\-where, nor any hint of a struggle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  Ron called.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not want to hear what Ron had to say, did not want to hear Ron tell him he had been stupid, or suggest that they ought to go back to Hogwarts. But the heat was rising in his face and he felt as though he would like to skulk down here in the darkness for a long while be\-fore facing the brightness of the Atrium above and the others\rquote  accus\-ing stares. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you seen this?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry, but eagerly this time \emdash  it had to be a sign that Sirius had been there, a clue \emdash  he strode back to where they were all standing, a little way down row ninety-seven, but found nothing ex\-cept Ron staring at one of the dusty glass spheres on the shelves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  Harry repeated glumly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s \emdash  it\rquote s got your name on,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry moved a little closer. Ron was pointing at one of the small glass spheres that glowed with a dull inner light, though it was very dusty and appeared not to have been touched for many years.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My name?\rdblquote  said Harry blankly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stepped forward. Not as tall as Ron, he had to crane his neck to read the yellowish label affixed to the shelf right beneath the dusty glass ball. In spidery writing was written a date of some sixteen years previously, and below that:\par
\lang3081\par
\pard\qc\lang1033\i S.P.T. to A.P.W.B.D.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dark Lord\par
and (?) Harry Potter\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\i0\par
Harry stared at it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  Ron asked, sounding unnerved. \ldblquote What\rquote s your name doing down here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He glanced along at the other labels on that stretch of shelf.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not here,\rdblquote  he said, sounding perplexed. \ldblquote None of the rest of us are here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I don\rquote t think you should touch it,\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply, as he stretched out his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote It\rquote s something to do with me, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t, Harry,\rdblquote  said Neville suddenly. Harry looked around at him. Neville\rquote s round face was shining slightly with sweat. He looked as though he could not take much more suspense.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s got my name on,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And feeling slightly reckless, he closed his fingers around the dusty ball\rquote s surface. He had expected it to feel cold, but it did not. On the contrary, it felt as though it had been lying in the sun for hours, as though the glow of light within was warming it. Expecting, even hop\-ing, that something dramatic was going to happen, something excit\-ing that might make their long and dangerous journey worthwhile after all, he lifted the glass ball down from its shelf and stared at it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nothing whatsoever happened. The others moved in closer around Harry, gazing at the orb as he brushed it free of the clogging dust.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, from right behind them, a drawling voice said, \ldblquote Very good, Potter. Now turn around, nice and slowly, and give that to me.\rdblquote\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 35\par
\pard\qc Beyond the Veil\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Black shapes were emerging out of thin air all around them, block\-ing their way left and right; eyes glinted through slits in hoods, a dozen lit wand tips were pointing directly at their hearts. Ginny gave a gasp of horror.\par
\ldblquote To me, Potter,\rdblquote  repeated the drawling voice of Lucius Malfoy as he held out his hand, palm up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s insides plummeted sickeningly. They were trapped and outnumbered two to one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To me,\rdblquote  said Malfoy yet again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Sirius?\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Several of the Death Eaters laughed. A harsh female voice from the midst of the shadowy figures to Harry\rquote s left said triumphantly, \ldblquote The Dark Lord always knows!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Always,\rdblquote  echoed Malfoy softly. \ldblquote Now, give me the prophecy, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want to know where Sirius is!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i I want to know where Sirius is\i0 !\rdblquote  mimicked the woman to his left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She and her fellow Death Eaters had closed in so that they were\lang3081  \lang1033 mere feet away from Harry and the others, the light from their wands dazzling Harry\rquote s eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve got him,\rdblquote  said Harry, ignoring the rising panic in his chest, the dread he had been fighting since they had first entered the ninety-seventh row. \ldblquote He\rquote s here. I know he is.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i The little baby woke up fwightened and fort what it dweamed was twoo,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said the woman in a horrible, mock-baby voice. Harry felt Ron stir beside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t do anything,\rdblquote  he muttered. \ldblquote Not yet \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The woman who had mimicked him let out a raucous scream of laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You hear him? \i You hear him\i0 ? Giving instructions to the other chil\-dren as though he thinks of fighting us!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, you don\rquote t know Potter as I do, Bellatrix,\rdblquote  said Malfoy softly. \ldblquote He has a great weakness for heroics; the Dark Lord understands this about him. \i Now give me the prophecy, Potter.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know Sirius is here,\rdblquote  said Harry, though panic was causing his chest to constrict and he felt as though he could not breathe properly. \ldblquote\i I know you\rquote ve got him\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 More of the Death Eaters laughed, though the woman still laughed loudest of all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s time you learned the difference between life and dreams, Pot\-ter,\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote Now give me the prophecy, or we start using wands.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go on, then,\rdblquote  said Harry, raising his own wand to chest height. As he did so, the five wands of Ron, Hermione, Neville, Ginny, and Luna rose on either side of him. The knot in Harry\rquote s stomach tightened. If Sirius really was not here, he had led his friends to their deaths for no reason at all. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the Death Eaters did not strike.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hand over the prophecy and no one need get hurt,\rdblquote  said Malfoy coolly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Harry\rquote s turn to laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, right!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I give you this \emdash  prophecy, is it? And you\rquote ll just let us skip off home, will you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The words were hardly out of his mouth when the female Death Eater shrieked, \ldblquote\i Accio Proph\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was just ready for her. He shouted \ldblquote\i Protego\i0 !\rdblquote  before she had finished her spell, and though the glass sphere slipped to the tips of his fingers he managed to cling on to it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, he knows how to play, little bitty baby Potter,\rdblquote  she said, her mad eyes staring through the slits in her hood. \ldblquote Very well, then \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I TOLD YOU, NO!\rdblquote  Lucius Malfoy roared at the woman. \ldblquote If you smash it \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s mind was racing. The Death Eaters wanted this dusty spun-glass sphere. He had no interest in it. He just wanted to get them all out of this alive, make sure that none of his friends paid a ter\-rible price for his stupidity \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The woman stepped forward, away from her fellows, and pulled off her hood. Azkaban had hollowed Bellatrix Lestrange\rquote s face, making it gaunt and skull-like, but it was alive with a feverish, fanatical glow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You need more persuasion?\rdblquote  she said, her chest rising and falling rapidly. \ldblquote Very well \emdash  take the smallest one,\rdblquote  she ordered the Death Eaters beside her. \ldblquote Let him watch while we torture the little girl. I\rquote ll do it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt the others close in around Ginny. He stepped sideways so that he was right in front of her, the prophecy held up to his chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll have to smash this if you want to attack any of us,\rdblquote  he told Bellatrix. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think your boss will be too pleased if you come back without it, will he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She did not move; she merely stared at him, the tip of her tongue moistening her thin mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote what kind of prophecy are we talking about anyway?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not think what to do but to keep talking. Neville\rquote s arm was pressed against his, and he could feel him shaking. He could feel one of the other\rquote s quickened breath on the back of his head. He was hoping they were all thinking hard about ways to get out of this, be\-cause his mind was blank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What kind of prophecy?\rdblquote  repeated Bellatrix, the grin fading from her face. \ldblquote You jest, Harry Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nope, not jesting,\rdblquote  said Harry, his eyes flicking from Death Eater to Death Eater, looking for a weak link, a space through which they could escape. \ldblquote How come Voldemort wants it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Several of the Death Eaters let out low hisses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You dare speak his name?\rdblquote  whispered Bellatrix.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, maintaining his tight grip on the glass ball, ex\-pecting another attempt to bewitch it from him. \ldblquote Yeah, I\rquote ve got no problem saying Vol \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut your mouth!\rdblquote  Bellatrix shrieked. \ldblquote You dare speak his name with your unworthy lips, you dare besmirch it with your half-blood\rquote s tongue, you dare \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you know he\rquote s a half-blood too?\rdblquote  said Harry recklessly. Hermione gave a little moan in his ear. \ldblquote Voldemort? Yeah, his mother was a witch but his dad was a Muggle \emdash  or has he been telling you lot he\rquote s pureblood?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i STUPEF\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i NO\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A jet of red light had shot from the end of Bellatrix Lestrange\rquote s wand, but Malfoy had deflected it. His spell caused hers to hit the shelf a foot to the left of Harry and several of the glass orbs there shattered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Two figures, pearly white as ghosts, fluid as smoke, unfurled them\-selves from the fragments of broken glass upon the floor and each began to speak. Their voices vied with each other, so that only fragments\lang3081  \lang1033 of what they were saying could be heard over Malfoy and Bellatrix\rquote s shouts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 \i at the Solstice will come a new\i0  \'85\rdblquote  said the figure of an old, bearded man.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DO NOT ATTACK! WE NEED THE PROPHECY!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He dared \emdash  he dares \emdash\rdblquote  shrieked Bellatrix incoherently. \ldblquote\emdash  He stands there \emdash  filthy half-blood \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WAIT UNTIL WE\rquote VE GOT THE PROPHECY!\rdblquote  bawled Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 \i and none will come after\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  said the figure of\lang3081  \lang1033 a young woman.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The two figures that had burst from the shattered spheres had melted into thin air. Nothing remained of them or their erstwhile homes but fragments of glass upon the floor. They had, however, given Harry an idea. The problem was going to be conveying it to the others.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You haven\rquote t told me what\rquote s so special about this prophecy I\rquote m sup\-posed to be handing over,\rdblquote  he said, playing for time. He moved his foot slowly sideways, feeling around for someone else\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do not play games with us, Potter,\rdblquote  said Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not playing games,\rdblquote  said Harry, half his mind on the conver\-sation, half on his wandering foot. And then he found someone\rquote s toes and pressed down upon them. A sharp intake of breath behind him told him they were Hermione\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  she whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore never told you that the reason you bear that scar was hidden in the bowels of the Department of Mysteries?\rdblquote  said Malfoy sneeringly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  what?\rdblquote  said Harry, and for a moment he quite forgot his plan. \ldblquote What about my scar?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 whispered Hermione more urgently behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can this be?\rdblquote  said Malfoy, sounding maliciously delighted; some of the Death Eaters were laughing again, and under cover of their\lang3081  \lang1033 laughter, Harry hissed to Hermione, moving his lips as little as possi\-ble, \ldblquote Smash shelves \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore never told you?\rdblquote  Malfoy repeated. \ldblquote Well, this ex\-plains why you didn\rquote t come earlier, Potter, the Dark Lord wondered why \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  when I say go \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  you didn\rquote t come running when he showed you the place where it was hidden in your dreams. He thought natural curiosity would make you want to hear the exact wording. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did he?\rdblquote  said Harry. Behind him he felt rather than heard Hermione passing his message to the others and he sought to keep talking, to distract the Death Eaters. \ldblquote So he wanted me to come and get it, did he? Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Why\i0 ?\rdblquote  Malfoy sounded incredulously delighted. \ldblquote Because the only people who are permitted to retrieve a prophecy from the De\-partment of Mysteries, Potter, are those about whom it was made, as the Dark Lord discovered when he attempted to use others to steal it for him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And why did he want to steal a prophecy about me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote About both of you, Potter, about both of you \'85 Haven\rquote t you ever wondered why the Dark Lord tried to kill you as a baby?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared into the slitted eyeholes through which Malfoy\rquote s gray eyes were gleaming. Was this prophecy the reason Harry\rquote s parents had died, the reason he carried his lightning-bolt scar? Was the answer to all of this clutched in his hand?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Someone made a prophecy about Voldemort and me?\rdblquote  he said quietly, gazing at Lucius Malfoy, his fingers tightening over the warm glass sphere in his hand. It was hardly larger than a Snitch and still gritty with dust. \ldblquote And he\rquote s made me come and get it for him? Why couldn\rquote t he come and get it himself?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get it himself?\rdblquote  shrieked Bellatrix on a cackle of mad laughter.\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord, walk into the Ministry of Magic, when they are so sweetly ignoring his return? The Dark Lord, reveal himself to the Au\-rors, when at the moment they are wasting their time on my dear cousin?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So he\rquote s got you doing his dirty work for him, has he?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Like he tried to get Sturgis to steal it \emdash  and Bode?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very good, Potter, very good \'85\rdblquote  said Malfoy slowly. \ldblquote But the Dark Lord knows you are not unintell \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NOW!\rdblquote  yelled Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Five different voices behind him bellowed \ldblquote\i REDUCTO\i0 !\rdblquote  Five curses flew in five different directions and the shelves opposite them exploded as they hit. The towering structure swayed as a hundred glass spheres burst apart, pearly-white figures unfurled into the air and floated there, their voices echoing from who knew what long-dead past amid the torrent of crashing glass and splintered wood now rain\-ing down upon the floor \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote RUN!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, and as the shelves swayed precariously and more glass spheres began to pour from above, he seized a handful of Hermione\rquote s robes and dragged her forward, one arm over his head as chunks of shelf and shards of glass thundered down upon them. A Death Eater lunged forward through the cloud of dust and Harry el\-bowed him hard in the masked face. They were all yelling, there were cries of pain, thunderous crashes as the shelves collapsed upon them\-selves, weirdly echoing fragments of the Seers unleashed from their spheres \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry found the way ahead clear and saw Ron, Ginny, and Luna sprint past him, their arms over their heads. Something heavy struck him on the side of the face but he merely ducked his head and sprinted onward; a hand caught him by the shoulder; he heard Her\-mione shout \ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote  and the hand released him at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were at the end of row ninety-seven; Harry turned right and\lang3081  \lang1033 began to sprint in earnest. He could hear footsteps right behind him and Hermione\rquote s voice urging Neville on. The door through which they had come was ajar straight ahead, Harry could see the glittering light of the bell jar, he pelted through it, the prophecy still clutched tight and safe in his hand, waited for the others to hurtle over the threshold before slamming the door behind them \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Colloportus\i0 !\rdblquote  gasped Hermione and the door sealed itself with an odd squelching noise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where \emdash  where are the others?\rdblquote  gasped Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had thought that Ron, Luna, and Ginny had been ahead of them, that they would be waiting in this room, but there was nobody there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They must have gone the wrong way!\rdblquote  whispered Hermione, ter\-ror in her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen!\rdblquote  whispered Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Footsteps and shouts echoed from behind the door they had just sealed. Harry put his ear close to the door to listen and heard Lucius Malfoy roar: \ldblquote Leave Nott, \i leave him, I say,\i0  the Dark Lord will not care for Nott\rquote s injuries as much as losing that prophecy \emdash  Jugson, come back here, we need to organize! We\rquote ll split into pairs and search, and don\rquote t forget, be gentle with Potter until we\rquote ve got the prophecy, you can kill the others if necessary \emdash  Bellatrix, Rodolphus, you take the left, Crabbe, Rabastan, go right \emdash  Jugson, Dolohov, the door straight ahead \emdash  Macnair and Avery, through here \emdash  Rookwood, over there \emdash  Mulciber, come with me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do we do?\rdblquote  Hermione asked Harry, trembling from head to foot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we don\rquote t stand here waiting for them to find us, for a start,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Let\rquote s get away from this door. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They ran, quietly as they could, past the shimmering bell jar where the tiny egg was hatching and unhatching, toward the exit into the\lang3081  \lang1033 circular hallway at the far end of the room. They were almost there when Harry heard something large and heavy collide with the door Hermione had charmed shut.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stand aside!\rdblquote  said a rough voice. \ldblquote\i Alohomora\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As the door flew open, Harry, Hermione, and Neville dived under desks. They could see the bottom of the two Death Eaters\rquote  robes drawing nearer, their feet moving rapidly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They might\rquote ve run straight through to the hall,\rdblquote  said the rough voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Check under the desks,\rdblquote  said another.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw the knees of the Death Eaters bend. Poking his wand out from under the desk he shouted, \ldblquote\i STUPEFY\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A jet of red light hit the nearest Death Eater; he fell backward into a grandfather clock and knocked it over. The second Death Eater, however, had leapt aside to avoid Harry\rquote s spell and now pointed his own wand at Hermione, who had crawled out from under the desk to get a better aim.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Avada \i0\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry launched himself across the floor and grabbed the Death Eater around the knees, causing him to topple and his aim to go awry. Neville overturned his desk in his anxiety to help; pointing his wand wildly at the struggling pair he cried, \ldblquote\i EXPELLIARMUS\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Both Harry\rquote s and the Death Eater\rquote s wands flew out of their hands and soared back toward the entrance to the Hall of Prophecy; both scrambled to their feet and charged after them, the Death Eater in front and Harry hot on his heels, Neville bringing up the rear, plainly horrorstruck at what he had done.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get out of the way, Harry!\rdblquote  yelled Neville, clearly determined to repair the damage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry flung himself sideways as Neville took aim again and shouted, \ldblquote\i STUPEFY\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The jet of red light flew right over the Death Eater\rquote s shoulder and hit a glass-fronted cabinet on the wall full of variously shaped hour\-glasses. The cabinet fell to the floor and burst apart, glass flying every\-where, then sprang back up onto the wall, fully mended, then fell down again, and shattered \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Death Eater had snatched up his wand, which lay on the floor beside the glittering bell jar. Harry ducked down behind another desk as the man turned \emdash  his mask had slipped so that he could not see, he ripped it off with his free hand and shouted, \ldblquote\i STUP\lang3081  \lang1033\i0\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i STUPEFY\i0 !\rdblquote  screamed Hermione, who had just caught up with them. The jet of red light hit the Death Eater in the middle of his chest; he froze, his arm still raised, his wand fell to the floor with a clatter and he collapsed backward toward the bell jar. Harry expected to hear a \i clunk,\i0  for the man to hit solid glass and slide off the jar onto the floor, but instead, his head sank through the surface of the bell jar as though it was nothing but a soap bubble and he came to rest, sprawled on his back on the table, with his head lying inside the jar full of glittering wind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Accio Wand\i0 !\rdblquote  cried Hermione. Harry\rquote s wand flew from a dark cor\-ner into her hand and she threw it to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote right, let\rquote s get out of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look out!\rdblquote  said Neville, horrified, staring at the Death Eater\rquote s head in the bell jar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All three of them raised their wands again, but none of them struck. They were all gazing, openmouthed, appalled, at what was happening to the man\rquote s head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was shrinking very fast, growing balder and balder, the black hair and stubble retracting into his skull, his cheeks smooth, his skull round and covered with a peachlike fuzz. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A baby\rquote s head now sat grotesquely on top of the thick, muscled neck of the Death Eater as he struggled to get up again. But even as they watched, their mouths open, the head began to swell to its previ\-ous proportions again, thick black hair was sprouting from the pate and chin. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s time,\rdblquote  said Hermione in an awestruck voice. \ldblquote\i Time\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Death Eater shook his ugly head again, trying to clear it, but before he could pull himself together again, it began to shrink back to babyhood once more. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a shout from a room nearby, then a crash and a scream.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote RON?\rdblquote  Harry yelled, turning quickly from the monstrous trans\-formation taking place before them. \ldblquote GINNY? LUNA?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  Hermione screamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Death Eater had pulled his head out of the bell jar. His ap\-pearance was utterly bizarre, his tiny baby\rquote s head bawling loudly while his thick arms flailed dangerously in all directions, narrowly missing Harry, who ducked. Harry raised his wand but to his amazement Hermione seized his arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t hurt a baby!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no time to argue the point. Harry could hear more foot\-steps growing louder from the Hall of Prophecy they had just left and knew, too late, that he ought not to have shouted and given away their position.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on!\rdblquote  he said again, and leaving the ugly baby-headed Death Eater staggering behind them, they took off for the door that stood ajar at the other end of the room, leading back into the black hallway.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had run halfway toward it when Harry saw through the open door two more Death Eaters running across the black room toward them. Veering left he burst instead into a small, dark, cluttered office and slammed the door behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Collo\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 began Hermione, but before she could complete the spell the door had burst open again and the two Death Eaters had come hurtling inside. With a cry of triumph, both yelled, \ldblquote\i IMPEDIMENTA\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Hermione, and Neville were all knocked backward off their feet. Neville was thrown over the desk and disappeared from view,\lang3081  \lang1033 Hermione smashed into a bookcase and was promptly deluged in a cascade of heavy books; the back of Harry\rquote s head slammed into the stone wall behind him, tiny lights burst in front of his eyes, and for a moment he was too dizzy and bewildered to react.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WE\rquote VE GOT HIM!\rdblquote  yelled the Death Eater nearest Harry, \ldblquote IN AN OFFICE OFF \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Silencio\i0 !\rdblquote  cried Hermione, and the man\rquote s voice was extinguished. He continued to mouth through the hole in his mask, but no sound came out; he was thrust aside by his fellow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Petrificus Totalus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 shouted Harry, as the second Death Eater raised his wand. His arms and legs snapped together and he fell forward, facedown onto the rug at Harry\rquote s feet, stiff as a board and unable to move at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well done, Ha\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the Death Eater Hermione had just struck dumb made a sud\-den slashing movement with his wand from which flew a streak of what looked like purple flame. It passed right across Hermione\rquote s chest; she gave a tiny \ldblquote oh!\rdblquote  as though of surprise and then crumpled onto the floor where she lay motionless.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HERMIONE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry fell to his knees beside her as Neville crawled rapidly toward her from under the desk, his wand held up in front of him. The Death Eater kicked out hard at Neville\rquote s head as he emerged \emdash  his foot broke Neville\rquote s wand in two and connected with his face \emdash  Neville gave a howl of pain and recoiled, clutching his mouth and nose. Harry twisted around, his own wand held high, and saw that the Death Eater had ripped off his mask and was pointing his wand directly at Harry, who recognized the long, pale, twisted face from the \i Daily Prophet\i0 : Antonin Dolohov, the wizard who had murdered the Prewetts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dolohov grinned. With his free hand, he pointed from the prophecy still clutched in Harry\rquote s hand, to himself, then at Hermione.\lang3081  \lang1033 Though he could no longer speak his meaning could not have been clearer: \i Give me the prophecy, or you get the same as her. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like you won\rquote t kill us all the moment I hand it over anyway!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A whine of panic inside his head was preventing him thinking properly. He had one hand on Hermione\rquote s shoulder, which was still warm, yet did not dare look at her properly. \i Don\rquote t let her be dead, don\rquote t let her be dead, it\rquote s my fault if she\rquote s dead. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whaddever you do, Harry,\rdblquote  said Neville fiercely from under the desk, lowering his hands to show a clearly broken nose and blood pouring down his mouth and chin, \ldblquote don\rquote d gib it to him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then there was a crash outside the door, and Dolohov looked over his shoulder \emdash  the baby-headed Death Eater had appeared in the doorway, his head bawling, his great fists still flailing uncontrollably at everything around him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry seized his chance: \ldblquote\i PETRIFICUS TOTALUS\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The spell hit Dolohov before he could block it, and he toppled for\-ward across his comrade, both of them rigid as boards and unable to move an inch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  Harry said at once, shaking her as the baby-headed Death Eater blundered out of sight again. \ldblquote Hermione, wake up. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whaddid he do to her?\rdblquote  said Neville, crawling out from under the desk again to kneel at her other side, blood streaming from his rapidly swelling nose. \ldblquote I dunno. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville groped for Hermione\rquote s wrist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dat\rquote s a pulse, Harry, I\rquote b sure id is. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Such a powerful wave of relief swept through Harry that for a mo\-ment he felt light-headed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s alive?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I dink so. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause in which Harry listened hard for the sounds of\lang3081  \lang1033 more footsteps, but all he could hear were the whimpers and blunder\-ings of the baby Death Eater in the next room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville, we\rquote re not far from the exit,\rdblquote  Harry whispered. \ldblquote We\rquote re right next to that circular room. \'85 If we can just get you across it and find the right door before any more Death Eaters come, I\rquote ll bet you can get Hermione up the corridor and into the lift. \'85 Then you could find someone. \'85 Raise the alarm \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And whad are you going do do?\rdblquote  said Neville, mopping his bleed\-ing nose with his sleeve and frowning at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got to find the others,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote b going do find dem wid you,\rdblquote  said Neville firmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Hermione \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll dake her wid us,\rdblquote  said Neville firmly. \ldblquote I\rquote ll carry her \emdash  you\rquote re bedder at fighding dem dan I ab \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stood up and seized one of Hermione\rquote s arms, glared at Harry, who hesitated, then grabbed the other and helped hoist Hermione\rquote s limp form over Neville\rquote s shoulders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait,\rdblquote  said Harry, snatching up Hermione\rquote s wand from the floor and shoving it into Nevilles hand, \ldblquote you\rquote d better take this. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville kicked aside the broken fragments of his own wand as they walked slowly toward the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My gran\rquote s going do kill be,\rdblquote  said Neville thickly, blood spattering from his nose as he spoke, \ldblquote dat was by dad\rquote s old wand. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stuck his head out of the door and looked around cautiously. The baby-headed Death Eater was screaming and banging into things, toppling grandfather clocks and overturning desks, bawling and confused, while the glass cabinet that Harry now suspected had contained Time-Turners continued to fall, shatter, and repair itself on the wall behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s never going to notice us,\rdblquote  he whispered. \ldblquote C\rquote mon \'85 keep close behind me. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They crept out of the office and back toward the door into the black hallway, which now seemed completely deserted. They walked a few steps forward, Neville tottering slightly due to Hermione\rquote s weight. The door of the Time Room swung shut behind them, and the walls began to rotate once more. The recent blow on the back of Harry\rquote s head seemed to have unsteadied him; he narrowed his eyes, swaying slightly, until the walls stopped moving again. With a sinking heart Harry saw that Hermione\rquote s fiery crosses had faded from the doors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So which way d\rquote you reck \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But before they could make a decision as to which way to try, a door to their right sprang open and three people fell out of it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  croaked Harry, dashing toward them. \ldblquote Ginny \emdash  are you all \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron, giggling weakly, lurching forward, seizing the front of Harry\rquote s robes and gazing at him with unfocused eyes. \ldblquote There you are. \'85 Ha ha ha \'85 You look funny, Harry. \'85 You\rquote re all messed up. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s face was very white and something dark was trickling from the corner of his mouth. Next moment his knees had given way, but he still clutched the front of Harry\rquote s robes, so that Harry was pulled into a kind of bow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny?\rdblquote  Harry said fearfully. \ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ginny shook her head and slid down the wall into a sitting po\-sition, panting and holding her ankle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think her ankle\rquote s broken, I heard something crack,\rdblquote  whispered Luna, who was bending over her and who alone seemed to be unhurt. \ldblquote Four of them chased us into a dark room full of planets, it was a very odd place, some of the time we were just floating in the dark \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, we saw Uranus up close!\rdblquote  said Ron, still giggling feebly. \ldblquote Get it, Harry? We saw Uranus \emdash  ha ha ha \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A bubble of blood grew at the corner of Ron\rquote s mouth and burst.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway, one of them grabbed Ginny\rquote s foot, I used the Reductor Curse and blew up Pluto in his face, but\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Luna gestured hopelessly at Ginny, who was breathing in a very shallow way, her eyes still closed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what about Ron?\rdblquote  said Harry fearfully, as Ron continued to giggle, still hanging off the front of Harry\rquote s robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know what they hit him with,\rdblquote  said Luna sadly, \ldblquote but he\rquote s gone a bit funny, I could hardly get him along at all. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron, pulling Harry\rquote s ear down to his mouth and still giggling weakly, \ldblquote you know who this girl is, Harry? She\rquote s Loony\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Loony Lovegood \'85 ha ha ha \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve got to get out of here,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly. \ldblquote Luna, can you help Ginny?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Luna, sticking her wand behind her ear for safekeeping, putting an arm around Ginny\rquote s waist and pulling her up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s only my ankle, I can do it myself!\rdblquote  said Ginny impatiently, but next moment she had collapsed sideways and grabbed Luna for sup\-port. Harry pulled Ron\rquote s arm over his shoulder just as, so many months ago, he had pulled Dudley\rquote s. He looked around: They had a one-in-twelve chance of getting the exit right the first time \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He heaved Ron toward a door; they were within a few feet of it when another door across the hall burst open and three Death Eaters sped into the hall, led by Bellatrix Lestrange.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i There they are\i0 !\rdblquote  she shrieked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Stunning Spells shot across the room: Harry smashed his way through the door ahead, flung Ron unceremoniously from him, and ducked back to help Neville in with Hermione. They were all over the threshold just in time to slam the door against Bellatrix.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Colloportus\i0 !\rdblquote  shouted Harry, and he heard three bodies slam into the door on the other side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t matter!\rdblquote  said a man\rquote s voice. \ldblquote There are other ways in \emdash  WE\rquote VE GOT THEM, THEY\rquote RE HERE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry spun around. They were back in the Brain Room and, sure enough, there were doors all around the walls. He could hear footsteps in the hall behind them as more Death Eaters came running to join the first.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Luna \emdash  Neville \emdash  help me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The three of them tore around the room, sealing the doors as they went: Harry crashed into a table and rolled over the top of it in his haste to reach the next door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Colloportus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were footsteps running along behind the doors; every now and then another heavy body would launch itself against one, so it creaked and shuddered. Luna and Neville were bewitching the doors along the opposite wall \emdash  then, as Harry reached the very top of the room, he heard Luna cry, \ldblquote\i Collo \i0\emdash  \i aaaaaaaaargh\i0  \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned in time to see her flying through the air. Five Death Eaters were surging into the room through the door she had not reached in time; Luna hit a desk, slid over its surface and onto the floor on the other side where she lay sprawled, as still as Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get Potter!\rdblquote  shrieked Bellatrix, and she ran at him. He dodged her and sprinted back up the room; he was safe as long as they thought they might hit the prophecy \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey!\rdblquote  said Ron, who had staggered to his feet and was now totter\-ing drunkenly toward Harry, giggling. \ldblquote Hey, Harry, there are \i brains\i0  in here, ha ha ha, isn\rquote t that weird, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, get out of the way, get down \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ron had already pointed his wand at the tank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Honest, Harry, they\rquote re brains \emdash  look \emdash  \i Accio Brain\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The scene seemed momentarily frozen. Harry, Ginny, and Neville and each of the Death Eaters turned in spite of themselves to watch\lang3081  \lang1033 the top of the tank as a brain burst from the green liquid like a leap\-ing fish. For a moment it seemed suspended in midair, then it soared toward Ron, spinning as it came, and what looked like ribbons of moving images flew from it, unraveling like rolls of film \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ha ha ha, Harry, look at it \emdash\rdblquote  said Ron, watching it disgorge its gaudy innards. \ldblquote Harry, come and touch it, bet it\rquote s weird \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote RON, NO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not know what would happen if Ron touched the tenta\-cles of thought now flying behind the brain, but he was sure it would not be anything good. He darted forward but Ron had already caught the brain in his outstretched hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The moment they made contact with his skin, the tentacles began wrapping themselves around Ron\rquote s arms like ropes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, look what\rquote s happen \emdash  no \emdash  no, I don\rquote t like it \emdash  no, stop \emdash  \i stop\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the thin ribbons were spinning around Ron\rquote s chest now. He tugged and tore at them as the brain was pulled tight against him like an octopus\rquote s body.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Diffindo\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 yelled Harry, trying to sever the feelers wrapping them\-selves tightly around Ron before his eyes, but they would not break. Ron fell over, still thrashing against his bonds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, it\rquote ll suffocate him!\rdblquote  screamed Ginny, immobilized by her broken ankle on the floor \emdash  then a jet of red light flew from one of the Death Eater\rquote s wands and hit her squarely in the face. She keeled over sideways and lay there unconscious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i STUBEFY\i0 !\rdblquote\i  \i0 shouted Neville, wheeling around and waving Hermione\rquote s wand at the oncoming Death Eaters. \ldblquote\i STUBEFY, STUBEFY\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But nothing happened \emdash  one of the Death Eaters shot their own Stunning Spell at Neville; it missed him by inches. Harry and Neville were now the only two left fighting the five Death Eaters, two of whom sent streams of silver light like arrows past them that left craters\lang3081  \lang1033 in the wall behind them. Harry ran for it as Bellatrix Lestrange sprinted right at him. Holding the prophecy high above his head he sprinted back up the room; all he could think of doing was to draw the Death Eaters away from the others.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It seemed to have worked. They streaked after him, knocking chairs and tables flying but not daring to bewitch him in case they hurt the prophecy, and he dashed through the only door still open, the one through which the Death Eaters themselves had come. Inwardly pray\-ing that Neville would stay with Ron \emdash  find some way of releasing him \emdash  he ran a few feet into the new room and felt the floor vanish \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was falling down steep stone step after steep stone step, bounc\-ing on every tier until at last, with a crash that knocked all the breath out of his body, he landed flat on his back in the sunken pit where the stone archway stood on its dais. The whole room was ringing with the Death Eaters\rquote  laughter. He looked up and saw the five who had been in the Brain Room descending toward him, while as many more emerged through other doorways and began leaping from bench to bench toward him. Harry got to his feet though his legs were trem\-bling so badly they barely supported him. The prophecy was still miraculously unbroken in his left hand, his wand clutched tightly in his right. He backed away, looking around, trying to keep all the Death Eaters within his sights. The back of his legs hit something solid; he had reached the dais where the archway stood. He climbed backward onto it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Death Eaters all halted, gazing at him. Some were panting as hard as he was. One was bleeding badly; Dolohov, freed of the full Body-Bind, was leering, his wand pointing straight at Harry\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, your race is run,\rdblquote  drawled Lucius Malfoy, pulling off his mask. \ldblquote Now hand me the prophecy like a good boy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let \emdash  let the others go, and I\rquote ll give it to you!\rdblquote  said Harry desperately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few of the Death Eaters laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are not in a position to bargain, Potter,\rdblquote  said Lucius Malfoy, his pale face flushed with pleasure. \ldblquote You see, there are ten of us and only one of you \'85 or hasn\rquote t Dumbledore ever taught you how to count?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s dot alone!\rdblquote  shouted a voice from above them. \ldblquote He\rquote s still god be!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart sank. Neville was scrambling down the stone benches toward them, Hermione\rquote s wand held fast in his trembling hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville \emdash  no \emdash  go back to Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i STUBEFY\i0 !\rdblquote  Neville shouted again, pointing his wand at each Death Eater in turn, \ldblquote\i STUBEFY\i0 ! \i STUBE\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One of the largest Death Eaters seized Neville from behind, pin\-ioning his arms to his sides. He struggled and kicked; several of the Death Eaters laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Longbottom, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  sneered Lucius Malfoy. \ldblquote Well, your grandmother is used to losing family members to our cause. \'85 Your death will not come as a great shock. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Longbottom?\rdblquote  repeated Bellatrix, and a truly evil smile lit her gaunt face. \ldblquote Why, I have had the pleasure of meeting your parents, boy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I DOE YOU HAB!\rdblquote  roared Neville, and he fought so hard against his captor\rquote s encircling grip that the Death Eater shouted, \ldblquote Someone Stun him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, no,\rdblquote  said Bellatrix. She looked transported, alive with ex\-citement as she glanced at Harry, then back at Neville. \ldblquote No, let\rquote s see how long Longbottom lasts before he cracks like his parents. \'85 Un\-less Potter wants to give us the prophecy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DON\rquote D GIB ID DO DEM!\rdblquote  roared Neville, who seemed beside himself, kicking and writhing as Bellatrix drew nearer to him and his captor, her wand raised. \ldblquote DON\rquote D GIB ID DO DEM, HARRY!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix raised her wand. \ldblquote\i Crucio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville screamed, his legs drawn up to his chest so that the Death Eater holding him was momentarily holding him off the ground. The Death Eater dropped him and he fell to the floor, twitching and screaming in agony.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was just a taster!\rdblquote  said Bellatrix, raising her wand so that Neville\rquote s screams stopped and he lay sobbing at her feet. She turned and gazed up at Harry. \ldblquote Now, Potter, either give us the prophecy, or watch your little friend die the hard way!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not have to think; there was no choice. The prophecy was hot with the heat from his clutching hand as he held it out. Mal\-foy jumped forward to take it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then, high above them, two more doors burst open and five more people sprinted into the room: Sirius, Lupin, Moody, Tonks, and Kingsley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy turned and raised his wand, but Tonks had already sent a Stunning Spell right at him. Harry did not wait to see whether it had made contact, but dived off the dais out of the way. The Death Eaters were completely distracted by the appearance of the members of the Order, who were now raining spells down upon them as they jumped from step to step toward the sunken floor: Through the darting bod\-ies, the flashes of light, Harry could see Neville crawling along. He dodged another jet of red light and flung himself flat on the ground to reach Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you okay?\rdblquote  he yelled, as another spell soared inches over their heads.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Neville, trying to pull himself up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Ron?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dink he\rquote s all right \emdash  he was still fighding the brain when I left\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The stone floor between them exploded as a spell hit it, leaving a crater right where Neville\rquote s hand had been seconds before. Both scrambled away from the spot, then a thick arm came out of nowhere,\lang3081  \lang1033 seized Harry around the neck and pulled him upright, so that his toes were barely touching the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give it to me,\rdblquote  growled a voice in his ear, \ldblquote give me the prophecy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The man was pressing so tightly on Harry\rquote s windpipe that he could not breathe \emdash  through watering eyes he saw Sirius dueling with a Death Eater some ten feet away. Kingsley was fighting two at once; Tonks, still halfway up the tiered seats, was firing spells down at Bel\-latrix \emdash  nobody seemed to realize that Harry was dying. \'85 He turned his wand backward toward the man\rquote s side, but had no breath to utter an incantation, and the man\rquote s free hand was groping toward the hand in which Harry was grasping the prophecy \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote AARGH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville had come lunging out of nowhere: Unable to articulate a spell, he had jabbed Hermione\rquote s wand hard into the eyehole of the Death Eater\rquote s mask. The man relinquished Harry at once with a howl of pain and Harry whirled around to face him and gasped, \ldblquote\i STUPEFY\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Death Eater keeled over backward and his mask slipped off. It was Macnair, Buckbeak\rquote s would-be killer, one of his eyes now swollen and bloodshot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks!\rdblquote  Harry said to Neville, pulling him aside as Sirius and his Death Eater lurched past, dueling so fiercely that their wands were blurs. Then Harry\rquote s foot made contact with something round and hard and he slipped \emdash  for a moment he thought he had dropped the prophecy, then saw Moody\rquote s magic eye spinning away across the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Its owner was lying on his side, bleeding from the head, and his at\-tacker was now bearing down upon Harry and Neville: Dolohov, his long pale face twisted with glee.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Tarantallegra\i0 !\rdblquote  he shouted, his wand pointing at Neville, whose legs went immediately into a kind of frenzied tap dance, unbalancing him and causing him to fall to the floor again. \ldblquote Now, Potter \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He made the same slashing movement with his wand that he had used on Hermione just as Harry yelled, \ldblquote\i Protego\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt something streak across his face like a blunt knife but the force of it knocked him sideways, and he fell over Neville\rquote s jerking legs, but the Shield Charm had stopped the worst of the spell.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dolohov raised his wand again. \ldblquote\i Accio Proph\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius hurtled out of nowhere, rammed Dolohov with his shoulder, and sent him flying out of the way. The prophecy had again flown to the tips of Harry\rquote s fingers but he had managed to cling to it. Now Sir\-ius and Dolohov were dueling, their wands flashing like swords, sparks flying from their wand tips \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dolohov drew back his wand to make the same slashing movement he had used on Harry and Hermione. Springing up, Harry yelled, \ldblquote\i Petrificus Totalus\i0 !\rdblquote  Once again, Dolohov\rquote s arms and legs snapped to\-gether and he keeled over backward, landing with a crash on his back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice one!\rdblquote  shouted Sirius, forcing Harry\rquote s head down as a pair of Stunning Spells flew toward them. \ldblquote Now I want you to get out of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They both ducked again. A jet of green light had narrowly missed Sirius; across the room Harry saw Tonks fall from halfway up the stone steps, her limp form toppling from stone seat to stone seat, and Bellatrix, triumphant, running back toward the fray.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, take the prophecy, grab Neville, and run!\rdblquote  Sirius yelled, dashing to meet Bellatrix. Harry did not see what happened next: Kingsley swayed across his field of vision, battling with the pock\-marked Rookwood, now mask-less; another jet of green light flew over Harry\rquote s head as he launched himself toward Neville \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you stand?\rdblquote  he bellowed in Neville\rquote s ear, as Neville\rquote s legs jerked and twitched uncontrollably. \ldblquote Put your arm round my neck \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville did so \emdash  Harry heaved \emdash  Neville\rquote s legs were still flying in every direction, they would not support him and then, out of nowhere, a man lunged at them. Both fell backward, Neville\rquote s legs\lang3081  \lang1033 waving wildly like an overturned beetle\rquote s, Harry with his left arm held up in the air to try and save the small glass ball from being smashed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The prophecy, give me the prophecy, Potter!\rdblquote  snarled Lucius Mal\-foy\rquote s voice in his ear, and Harry felt the tip of Malfoy\rquote s wand pressing hard between his ribs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  get \emdash  off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  me \'85 Neville \emdash  catch it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry flung the prophecy across the floor, Neville spun himself around on his back and scooped the ball to his chest. Malfoy pointed the wand instead at Neville, but Harry jabbed his own wand back over his shoulder and yelled, \ldblquote\i Impedimenta\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy was blasted off his back. As Harry scrambled up again he looked around and saw Malfoy smash into the dais on which Sirius and Bellatrix were now dueling. Malfoy aimed his wand at Harry and Neville again, but before he could draw breath to strike, Lupin had jumped between them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, round up the others and GO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry seized Neville by the shoulder of his robes and lifted him bodily onto the first tier of stone steps. Neville\rquote s legs twitched and jerked and would not support his weight. Harry heaved again with all the strength he possessed and they climbed another step \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A spell hit the stone bench at Harry\rquote s heel. It crumbled away and he fell back to the step below: Neville sank to the ground, his legs still jerking and thrashing, and thrust the prophecy into his pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on!\rdblquote  said Harry desperately, hauling at Neville\rquote s robes. \ldblquote Just try and push with your legs \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gave another stupendous heave and Neville\rquote s robes tore all along the left seam \emdash  the small spun-glass ball dropped from his pocket and before either of them could catch it, one of Neville\rquote s floundering feet kicked it. It flew some ten feet to their right and smashed on the step beneath them. As both of them stared at the place where it had broken, appalled at what had happened, a pearly-white figure with\lang3081  \lang1033 hugely magnified eyes rose into the air, unnoticed by any but them. Harry could see its mouth moving, but in all the crashes and screams and yells surrounding them, not one word of the prophecy could he hear. The figure stopped speaking and dissolved into nothingness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote b sorry!\rdblquote  cried Neville, his face anguished as his legs con\-tinued to flounder, \ldblquote I\rquote b so sorry, Harry, I didn\rquote d bean do \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t matter!\rdblquote  Harry shouted. \ldblquote Just try and stand, let\rquote s get out of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Dubbledore\i0 !\rdblquote  said Neville, his sweaty face suddenly transported, staring over Harry\rquote s shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DUBBLEDORE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned to look where Neville was staring. Directly above them, framed in the doorway from the Brain Room, stood Albus Dumbledore, his wand aloft, his face white and furious. Harry felt a kind of electric charge surge through every particle of his body \emdash  \i they were saved.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore sped down the steps past Neville and Harry, who had no more thought of leaving. Dumbledore was already at the foot of the steps when the Death Eaters nearest realized he was there. There were yells; one of the Death Eaters ran for it, scrabbling like a monkey up the stone steps opposite. Dumbledore\rquote s spell pulled him back as easily and effortlessly as though he had hooked him with an invisible line \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Only one couple were still battling, apparently unaware of the new arrival. Harry saw Sirius duck Bellatrix\rquote s jet of red light: He was laugh\-ing at her. \ldblquote Come on, you can do better than that!\rdblquote  he yelled, his voice echoing around the cavernous room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The second jet of light hit him squarely on the chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The laughter had not quite died from his face, but his eyes widened in shock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry released Neville, though he was unaware of doing so. He was jumping down the steps again, pulling out his wand, as Dumbledore turned to the dais too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It seemed to take Sirius an age to fall. His body curved in a grace\-ful arc as he sank backward through the ragged veil hanging from the arch. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Harry saw the look of mingled fear and surprise on his god\-father\rquote s wasted, once-handsome face as he fell through the ancient doorway and disappeared behind the veil, which fluttered for a mo\-ment as though in a high wind and then fell back into place.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry heard Bellatrix Lestrange\rquote s triumphant scream, but knew it meant nothing \emdash  Sirius had only just fallen through the archway, he would reappear from the other side any second. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Sirius did not reappear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SIRIUS!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, \ldblquote SIRIUS!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had reached the floor, his breath coming in searing gasps. Sirius must be just behind the curtain, he, Harry, would pull him back out again. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But as he reached the ground and sprinted toward the dais, Lupin grabbed Harry around the chest, holding him back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s nothing you can do, Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get him, save him, he\rquote s only just gone through!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s too late, Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can still reach him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry struggled hard and viciously, but Lupin would not let go. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s nothing you can do, Harry\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 nothing. \'85 He\rquote s gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 36\par
\pard\qc The Only One He Ever Feared\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote He hasn\rquote t gone!\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\par
He did not believe it, he would not believe it; still he fought Lupin with every bit of strength he had: Lupin did not under\-stand, people hid behind that curtain, he had heard them whispering the first time he had entered the room \emdash  Sirius was hiding, simply lurking out of sight \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SIRIUS!\rdblquote  he bellowed, \ldblquote SIRIUS!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He can\rquote t come back, Harry,\rdblquote  said Lupin, his voice breaking as he struggled to contain Harry. \ldblquote He can\rquote t come back, because he\rquote s d \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HE \emdash  IS \emdash  NOT \emdash  DEAD!\rdblquote  roared Harry. \ldblquote SIRIUS!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was movement going on around them, pointless bustling, the flashes of more spells. To Harry it was meaningless noise, the de\-flected curses flying past them did not matter, nothing mattered ex\-cept that Lupin stop pretending that Sirius, who was standing feet from them behind that old curtain, was not going to emerge at any moment, shaking back his dark hair and eager to reenter the battle \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin dragged Harry away from the dais, Harry still staring at the archway, angry at Sirius now for keeping him waiting \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But some part of him realized, even as he fought to break free from Lupin, that Sirius had never kept him waiting before. \'85 Sirius had risked everything, always, to see Harry, to help him. \'85 If Sirius was not reappearing out of that archway when Harry was yelling for him as though his life depended on it, the only possible explanation was that he could not come back. \'85 That he really was \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore had most of the remaining Death Eaters grouped in the middle of the room, seemingly immobilized by invisible ropes. Mad-Eye Moody had crawled across the room to where Tonks lay and was attempting to revive her. Behind the dais there were still flashes of light, grunts, and cries \emdash  Kingsley had run forward to continue Sir\-ius\rquote s duel with Bellatrix.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville had slid down the stone benches one by one to the place where Harry stood. Harry was no longer struggling against Lupin, who maintained a precautionary grip on his arm nevertheless.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I\rquote b really sorry. \'85\rdblquote  said Neville. His legs were still dancing uncontrollably. \ldblquote Was dat man \emdash  was Sirius Black a \emdash  a friend of yours?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  said Lupin quietly, and pointing his wand at Neville\rquote s legs he said, \ldblquote\i Finite.\i0\rdblquote  The spell was lifted. Neville\rquote s legs fell back onto the floor and remained still. Lupin\rquote s face was pale. \ldblquote Let\rquote s \emdash  let\rquote s find the others. Where are they all, Neville?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin turned away from the archway as he spoke. It sounded as though every word was causing him pain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dey\rquote re all back dere,\rdblquote  said Neville. \ldblquote A brain addacked Ron bud I dink he\rquote s all righd \emdash  and Herbione\rquote s unconscious, bud we could feel a bulse \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a loud bang and a yell from behind the dais. Harry saw Kingsley, yelling in pain, hit the ground. Bellatrix Lestrange turned\lang3081  \lang1033 tail and ran as Dumbledore whipped around. He aimed a spell at her but she deflected it. She was halfway up the steps now \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash  no!\rdblquote  cried Lupin, but Harry had already ripped his arm from Lupin\rquote s slackened grip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SHE KILLED SIRIUS!\rdblquote  bellowed Harry. \ldblquote SHE KILLED HIM \emdash  I\rquote LL KILL HER!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he was off, scrambling up the stone benches. People were shouting behind him but he did not care. The hem of Bellatrix\rquote s robes whipped out of sight ahead and they were back in the room where the brains were swimming. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She aimed a curse over her shoulder. The tank rose into the air and tipped. Harry was deluged in the foul-smelling potion within. The brains slipped and slid over him and began spinning their long, col\-ored tentacles, but he shouted, \ldblquote\i Wingardium Leviosa\i0 !\rdblquote  and they flew into the air away from him. Slipping and sliding he ran on toward the door. He leapt over Luna, who was groaning on the floor, past Ginny, who said, \ldblquote Harry \emdash  what \emdash  ?\rdblquote  past Ron, who giggled feebly, and Hermione, who was still unconscious. He wrenched open the door into the circular black hall and saw Bellatrix disappearing through a door on the other side of the room \emdash  beyond her was the corridor leading back to the lifts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He ran, but she had slammed the door behind her and the walls had begun to rotate again. Once more he was surrounded by streaks of blue light from the whirling candelabra.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s the exit?\rdblquote  he shouted desperately, as the wall rumbled to a halt again. \ldblquote Where\rquote s the way out?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The room seemed to have been waiting for him to ask. The door right behind him flew open, and the corridor toward the lifts stretched ahead of him, torch-lit and empty. He ran. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could hear a lift clattering ahead of him. He sprinted up the passageway, swung around the corner, and slammed his fist onto the\lang3081  \lang1033 button to call a second lift. It jangled and banged lower and lower; the grilles slid open and Harry dashed inside, now hammering the button marked Atrium. The doors slid shut and he was rising. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He forced his way out of the lift before the grilles were fully open and looked around. Bellatrix was almost at the telephone lift at the other end of the hall, but she looked back as he sprinted toward her, and aimed another spell at him. He dodged behind the Fountain of Magical Brethren; the spell zoomed past him and hit the wrought gold gates at the other end of the Atrium so that they rang like bells. There were no more footsteps. She had stopped running. He crouched be\-hind the statues, listening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Come out, come out, little Harry\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 she called in her mock-baby voice, which echoed off the polished wooden floors. \ldblquote What did you come af\-ter me for, then? I thought you were here to avenge my dear cousin!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am!\rdblquote  shouted Harry, and a score of ghostly Harry\rquote s seemed to chorus \i I\lang3081  \lang1033 am\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033\i I\lang3081  \lang1033 am\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033\i I\lang3081  \lang1033 am\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033 all around the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aaaaaah \'85 did you \i love\i0  him, little baby Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hatred rose in Harry such as he had never known before. He flung himself out from behind the fountain and bellowed \ldblquote\i Crucio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix screamed. The spell had knocked her off her feet, but she did not writhe and shriek with pain as Neville had \emdash  she was already on her feet again, breathless, no longer laughing. Harry dodged be\-hind the golden fountain again \emdash  her counterspell hit the head of the handsome wizard, which was blown off and landed twenty feet away, gouging long scratches into the wooden floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never used an Unforgivable Curse before, have you, boy?\rdblquote  she yelled. She had abandoned her baby voice now. \ldblquote You need to \i mean\i0  them, Potter! You need to really want to cause pain \emdash  to enjoy it \emdash  righteous anger won\rquote t hurt me for long \emdash  I\rquote ll show you how it is done, shall I? I\rquote ll give you a lesson \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had been edging around the fountain on the other side. She screamed, \ldblquote\i Crucio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 and he was forced to duck down again as the cen\-taur\rquote s arm, holding its bow, spun off and landed with a crash on the floor a short distance from the golden wizard\rquote s head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, you cannot win against me!\rdblquote  she cried. He could hear her moving to the right, trying to get a clear shot of him. He backed around the statue away from her, crouching behind the centaur\rquote s legs, his head level with the house-elf\rquote s. \ldblquote I was and am the Dark Lord\rquote s most loyal servant, I learned the Dark Arts from him, and I know spells of such power that you, pathetic little boy, can never hope to compete \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote  yelled Harry. He had edged right around to where the goblin stood beaming up at the now headless wizard and taken aim at her back as she peered around the fountain for him. She reacted so fast he barely had time to duck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Protego\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The jet of red light, his own Stunning Spell, bounced back at him. Harry scrambled back behind the fountain, and one of the goblin\rquote s ears went flying across the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, I am going to give you one chance!\rdblquote  shouted Bellatrix. \ldblquote Give me the prophecy \emdash  roll it out toward me now \emdash  and I may spare your life!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you\rquote re going to have to kill me, because it\rquote s gone!\rdblquote  Harry roared \emdash  and as he shouted it, pain seared across his forehead. His scar was on fire again, and he felt a surge of fury that was quite un\-connected with his own rage. \ldblquote And he knows!\rdblquote  said Harry with a mad laugh to match Bellatrix\rquote s own. \ldblquote Your dear old mate Voldemort knows it\rquote s gone! He\rquote s not going to be happy with you, is he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? What do you mean?\rdblquote  she cried, and for the first time there was fear in her voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The prophecy smashed when I was trying to get Neville up the steps! What do you think Voldemort\rquote ll say about that, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His scar seared and burned. \'85 The pain of it was making his eyes stream. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote LIAR!\rdblquote  she shrieked, but he could hear the terror behind the anger now. \ldblquote YOU\rquote VE GOT IT, POTTER, AND YOU WILL GIVE IT TO ME \emdash  \i Accio Prophecy\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033\i ACCIO PROPHECY\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry laughed again because he knew it would incense her, the pain building in his head so badly he thought his skull might burst. He waved his empty hand from behind the one-eared goblin and withdrew it quickly as she sent another jet of green light flying at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing there!\rdblquote  he shouted. \ldblquote Nothing to summon! It smashed and nobody heard what it said, tell your boss that \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  she screamed. \ldblquote It isn\rquote t true, you\rquote re lying \emdash  MASTER, I TRIED, I TRIED \emdash  DO NOT PUNISH ME \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t waste your breath!\rdblquote  yelled Harry, his eyes screwed up against the pain in his scar, now more terrible than ever. \ldblquote He can\rquote t hear you from here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t I, Potter?\rdblquote  said a high, cold voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tall, thin, and black-hooded, his terrible snakelike face white and gaunt, his scarlet, slit-pupiled eyes staring \'85 Lord Voldemort had appeared in the middle of the hall, his wand pointing at Harry who stood frozen, quite unable to move.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you smashed my prophecy?\rdblquote  said Voldemort softly, staring at Harry with those pitiless red eyes. \ldblquote No, Bella, he is not lying. \'85 I see the truth looking at me from within his worthless mind. \'85 Months of preparation, months of effort\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and my Death Eaters have let Harry Potter thwart me again. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master, I am sorry, I knew not, I was fighting the Animagus Black!\rdblquote  sobbed Bellatrix, flinging herself down at Voldemort\rquote s feet as he paced slowly nearer. \ldblquote Master, you should know \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Be quiet, Bella,\rdblquote  said Voldemort dangerously. \ldblquote I shall deal with you in a moment. Do you think I have entered the Ministry of Magic to hear your sniveling apologies?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Master \emdash  he is here \emdash  he is below \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort paid no attention.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have nothing more to say to you, Potter,\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote You have irked me too often, for too long. \i AVADA KEDAVRA\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had not even opened his mouth to resist. His mind was blank, his wand pointing uselessly at the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the headless golden statue of the wizard in the fountain had sprung alive, leaping from its plinth, and landed on the floor with a crash between Harry and Voldemort. The spell merely glanced off its chest as the statue flung out its arms, protecting Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \emdash  ?\rdblquote  said Voldemort, staring around. And then he breathed, \ldblquote Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked behind him, his heart pounding. Dumbledore was standing in front of the golden gates.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort raised his wand and sent another jet of green light at Dumbledore, who turned and was gone in a whirling of his cloak; next second he had reappeared behind Voldemort and waved his wand toward the remnants of the fountain; the other statues sprang to life too. The statue of the witch ran at Bellatrix, who screamed and sent spells streaming uselessly off its chest, before it dived at her, pin\-ning her to the floor. Meanwhile, the goblin and the house-elf scuttled toward the fireplaces set along the wall, and the one-armed centaur galloped at Voldemort, who vanished and reappeared beside the pool. The headless statue thrust Harry backward, away from the fight, as Dumbledore advanced on Voldemort and the golden centaur can\-tered around them both.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was foolish to come here tonight, Tom,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly. \ldblquote The Aurors are on their way \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote By which time I shall be gone, and you dead!\rdblquote  spat Voldemort. He sent another Killing Curse at Dumbledore but missed, instead hitting the security guards desk, which burst into flame.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore flicked his own wand. The force of the spell that em\-anated from it was such that Harry, though shielded by his stone\lang3081  \lang1033 guard, felt his hair stand on end as it passed, and this time Voldemort was forced to conjure a shining silver shield out of thin air to deflect it. The spell, whatever it was, caused no visible damage to the shield, though a deep, gonglike note reverberated from it, an oddly chilling sound. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You do not seek to kill me, Dumbledore?\rdblquote  called Voldemort, his scarlet eyes narrowed over the top of the shield. \ldblquote Above such brutality, are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We both know that there are other ways of destroying a man, Tom,\rdblquote  Dumbledore said calmly, continuing to walk toward Volde\-mort as though he had not a fear in the world, as though nothing had happened to interrupt his stroll up the hall. \ldblquote Merely taking your life would not satisfy me, I admit \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is nothing worse than death, Dumbledore!\rdblquote  snarled Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are quite wrong,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, still closing in upon Voldemort and speaking as lightly as though they were discussing the matter over drinks. Harry felt scared to see him walking along, unde\-fended, shieldless. He wanted to cry out a warning, but his headless guard kept shunting him backward toward the wall, blocking his every attempt to get out from behind it. \ldblquote Indeed, your failure to un\-derstand that there are things much worse than death has always been your greatest weakness \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Another jet of green light flew from behind the silver shield. This time it was the one-armed centaur, galloping in front of Dumbledore, that took the blast and shattered into a hundred pieces, but before the fragments had even hit the floor, Dumbledore had drawn back his wand and waved it as though brandishing a whip. A long thin flame flew from the tip; it wrapped itself around Voldemort, shield and all. For a moment, it seemed Dumbledore had won, but then the fiery rope became a serpent, which relinquished its hold upon Voldemort at once and turned, hissing furiously, to face Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort vanished. The snake reared from the floor, ready to strike \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a burst of flame in midair above Dumbledore just as Voldemort reappeared, standing on the plinth in the middle of the pool where so recently the five statues had stood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Look out\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But even as he shouted, one more jet of green light had flown at Dumbledore from Voldemort\rquote s wand and the snake had struck \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fawkes swooped down in front of Dumbledore, opened his beak wide, and swallowed the jet of green light whole. He burst into flame and fell to the floor, small, wrinkled, and flightless. At the same mo\-ment, Dumbledore brandished his wand in one, long, fluid move\-ment \emdash  the snake, which had been an instant from sinking its fangs into him, flew high into the air and vanished in a wisp of dark smoke; the water in the pool rose up and covered Voldemort like a cocoon of molten glass \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a few seconds Voldemort was visible only as a dark, rippling, faceless figure, shimmering and indistinct upon the plinth, clearly struggling to throw off the suffocating mass \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then he was gone, and the water fell with a crash back into its pool, slopping wildly over the sides, drenching the polished floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote MASTER!\rdblquote  screamed Bellatrix.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sure it was over, sure Voldemort had decided to flee, Harry made to run out from behind his statue guard, but Dumbledore bellowed, \ldblquote Stay where you are, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For the first time, Dumbledore sounded frightened. Harry could not see why. The hall was quite empty but for themselves, the sobbing Bellatrix still trapped under her statue, and the tiny baby Fawkes croaking feebly on the floor \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then Harry\rquote s scar burst open. He knew he was dead: it was pain beyond imagining, pain past endurance \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was gone from the hall, he was locked in the coils of a creature\lang3081  \lang1033 with red eyes, so tightly bound that Harry did not know where his body ended and the creature\rquote s began. They were fused together, bound by pain, and there was no escape \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And when the creature spoke, it used Harry\rquote s mouth, so that in his agony he felt his jaw move. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Kill me now, Dumbledore. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Blinded and dying, every part of him screaming for release, Harry felt the creature use him again. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i If death is nothing, Dumbledore, kill the boy. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Let the pain stop,\i0  thought Harry. \i Let him kill us. \'85 End it, Dumb\-ledore. \'85 Death is nothing compared to this. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i And I\rquote ll see Sirius again. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 And as Harry\rquote s heart filled with emotion, the creature\rquote s coils loos\-ened, the pain was gone, Harry was lying facedown on the floor, his glasses gone, shivering as though he lay upon ice, not wood. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And there were voices echoing through the hall, more voices than there should have been: Harry opened his eyes, saw his glasses lying at the heel of the headless statue that had been guarding him, but which now lay flat on its back, cracked and immobile. He put them on and raised his head an inch to find Dumbledore\rquote s crooked nose inches from his own.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you all right, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking so violently he could not hold his head up properly. \ldblquote Yeah, I\rquote m \emdash  where\rquote s Voldemort, where \emdash  who are all these \emdash  what\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Atrium was full of people. The floor was reflecting emerald-green flames that had burst into life in all the fireplaces along one wall, and a stream of witches and wizards was emerging from them. As Dumbledore pulled him back to his feet, Harry saw the tiny gold stat\-ues of the house-elf and the goblin leading a stunned-looking Cor\-nelius Fudge forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was there!\rdblquote  shouted a scarlet-robed man with a ponytail, who\lang3081  \lang1033 was pointing at a pile of golden rubble on the other side of the hall, where Bellatrix had lain trapped moments before. \ldblquote I saw him, Mr. Fudge, I swear, it was You-Know-Who, he grabbed a woman and Disapparated!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, Williamson, I know, I saw him too!\rdblquote  gibbered Fudge, who was wearing pajamas under his pinstriped cloak and was gasping as though he had just run miles. \ldblquote Merlin\rquote s beard \emdash  here \emdash  \i here\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  in the Ministry of Magic! \emdash  great heavens above \emdash  it doesn\rquote t seem pos\-sible \emdash  my word \emdash  how can this be?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you proceed downstairs into the Department of Mysteries, Cor\-nelius,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, apparently satisfied that Harry was all right, and walking forward so that the newcomers realized he was there for the first time (a few of them raised their wands, others sim\-ply looked amazed; the statues of the elf and goblin applauded and Fudge jumped so much that his slipper-clad feet left the floor), \ldblquote you will find several escaped Death Eaters contained in the Death Cham\-ber, bound by an Anti-Disapparation Jinx and awaiting your decision as to what to do with them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore!\rdblquote  gasped Fudge, apparently beside himself with amazement. \ldblquote You \emdash  here \emdash  I \emdash  I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked wildly around at the Aurors he had brought with him, and it could not have been clearer that he was in half a mind to cry, \ldblquote Seize him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cornelius, I am ready to fight your men \emdash  and win again!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore in a thunderous voice. \ldblquote But a few minutes ago you saw proof, with your own eyes, that I have been telling you the truth for a year. Lord Voldemort has returned, you have been chasing the wrong men for twelve months, and it is time you listened to sense!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  don\rquote t \emdash  well \emdash\rdblquote  blustered Fudge, looking around as though hoping somebody was going to tell him what to do. When nobody did, he said, \ldblquote Very well \emdash  Dawlish! Williamson! Go down to the De\-partment of Mysteries and see \'85 Dumbledore, you \emdash  you will need\lang3081  \lang1033 to tell me exactly \emdash  the Fountain of Magical Brethren \emdash  what hap\-pened?\rdblquote  he added in a kind of whimper, staring around at the floor, where the remains of the statues of the witch, wizard, and centaur now lay scattered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can discuss that after I have sent Harry back to Hogwarts,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash  \i Harry Potter\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge spun around and stared at Harry, who was still standing against the wall beside the fallen statue that had been guarding him during Dumbledore and Voldemort\rquote s duel.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He-here?\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote Why \emdash  what\rquote s all this about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I shall explain everything,\rdblquote  repeated Dumbledore, \ldblquote when Harry is back at school.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He walked away from the pool to the place where the golden wiz\-ard\rquote s head lay on the floor. He pointed his wand at it and muttered, \ldblquote\i Portus.\i0\rdblquote  The head glowed blue and trembled noisily against the wooden floor for a few seconds, then became still once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now see here, Dumbledore!\rdblquote  said Fudge, as Dumbledore picked up the head and walked back to Harry carrying it. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t got authorization for that Portkey! You can\rquote t do things like that right in front of the Minister of Magic, you \emdash  you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice faltered as Dumbledore surveyed him magisterially over his half-moon spectacles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will give the order to remove Dolores Umbridge from Hog\-warts,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote You will tell your Aurors to stop searching for my Care of Magical Creatures teacher so that he can return to work. I will give you \'85\rdblquote  Dumbledore pulled a watch with twelve hands from his pocket and glanced at it, \ldblquote half an hour of my time tonight, in which I think we shall be more than able to cover the im\-portant points of what has happened here. After that, I shall need to return to my school. If you need more help from me you are, of\lang3081  \lang1033 course, more than welcome to contact me at Hogwarts. Letters ad\-dressed to the headmaster will find me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge goggled worse than ever. His mouth was open and his round face grew pinker under his rumpled gray hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore turned his back on him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take this Portkey, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He held out the golden head of the statue, and Harry placed his hand upon it, past caring what he did next or where he went.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I shall see you in half an hour,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote One \'85 two \'85 three \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt the familiar sensation of a hook being jerked behind his navel. The polished wooden floor was gone from beneath his feet; the Atrium, Fudge, and Dumbledore had all disappeared, and he was fly\-ing forward in a whirlwind of color and sound. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 37\par
\pard\qc The Lost Prophecy\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry\rquote s feet hit solid ground again; his knees buckled a little and the golden wizard\rquote s head fell with a resounding \i clunk\i0  to the floor. He looked around and saw that he had arrived in Dumble\-dore\rquote s office.\par
Everything seemed to have repaired itself during the headmaster\rquote s absence. The delicate silver instruments stood again upon the spindle-legged tables, puffing and whirring serenely. The portraits of the headmasters and headmistresses were snoozing in their frames, heads lolling back in armchairs or against the edge of their pictures. Harry looked through the window. There was a cool line of pale green along the horizon: Dawn was approaching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The silence and the stillness, broken only by the occasional grunt or snuffle of a sleeping portrait, was unbearable to him. If his sur\-roundings could have reflected the feelings inside him, the pictures would have been screaming in pain. He walked around the quiet, beautiful office, breathing quickly, trying not to think. But he had to think. \'85 There was no escape. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was his fault Sirius had died; it was all his fault. If he, Harry, had\lang3081  \lang1033 not been stupid enough to fall for Voldemort\rquote s trick, if he had not been so convinced that what he had seen in his dream was real, if he had only opened his mind to the possibility that Voldemort was, as Hermione had said, banking on Harry\rquote s \i love of playing the hero\i0  \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was unbearable, he would not think about it, he could not stand it. \'85 There was a terrible hollow inside him he did not want to feel or examine, a dark hole where Sirius had been, where Sirius had van\-ished. He did not want to have to be alone with that great, silent space, he could not stand it \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A picture behind him gave a particularly loud grunting snore, and a cool voice said, \ldblquote Ah \'85 Harry Potter \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Phineas Nigellus gave a long yawn, stretching his arms as he watched Harry with shrewd, narrow eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what brings you here in the early hours of the morning?\rdblquote  said Phineas. \ldblquote This office is supposed to be barred to all but the rightful headmaster. Or has Dumbledore sent you here? Oh, don\rquote t tell me \'85\rdblquote  He gave another shuddering yawn. \ldblquote Another message for my worth\-less great-great-grandson?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not speak. Phineas Nigellus did not know that Sirius was dead, but Harry could not tell him. To say it aloud would be to make it final, absolute, irretrievable.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few more of the portraits had stirred now. Terror of being inter\-rogated made Harry stride across the room and seize the doorknob.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It would not turn. He was shut in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hope this means,\rdblquote  said the corpulent, red-nosed wizard who hung on the wall behind Dumbledore\rquote s desk, \ldblquote that Dumbledore will soon be back with us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned. The wizard was eyeing him with great interest. Harry nodded. He tugged again on the doorknob behind his back, but it remained immovable.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh good,\rdblquote  said the wizard. \ldblquote It has been very dull without him, very dull indeed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He settled himself on the thronelike chair on which he had been painted and smiled benignly upon Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore thinks very highly of you, as I am sure you know,\rdblquote  he said comfortably. \ldblquote Oh yes. Holds you in great esteem.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The guilt filling the whole of Harry\rquote s chest like some monstrous, weighty parasite now writhed and squirmed. Harry could not stand this, he could not stand being Harry anymore. \'85 He had never felt more trapped inside his own head and body, never wished so intensely that he could be somebody \emdash  anybody \emdash  else. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The empty fireplace burst into emerald-green flame, making Harry leap away from the door, staring at the man spinning inside the grate. As Dumbledore\rquote s tall form unfolded itself from the fire, the wizards and witches on the surrounding walls jerked awake. Many of them gave cries of welcome.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore softly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not look at Harry at first, but walked over to the perch be\-side the door and withdrew, from an inside pocket of his robes, the tiny, ugly, featherless Fawkes, whom he placed gently on the tray of soft ashes beneath the golden post where the full-grown Fawkes usu\-ally stood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, finally turning away from the baby bird, \ldblquote you will be pleased to hear that none of your fellow stu\-dents are going to suffer lasting damage from the night\rquote s events.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tried to say \ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  but no sound came out. It seemed to him that Dumbledore was reminding him of the amount of damage he had caused by his actions tonight, and although Dumbledore was for once looking at him directly, and though his expression was kindly rather than accusatory, Harry could not bear to meet his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Madam Pomfrey is patching everybody up now,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore. \ldblquote Nymphadora Tonks may need to spend a little time in St. Mungo\rquote s, but it seems that she will make a full recovery.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry contented himself with nodding at the carpet, which was growing lighter as the sky outside grew paler. He was sure that all the portraits around the room were listening eagerly to every word Dum\-bledore spoke, wondering where Dumbledore and Harry had been and why there had been injuries.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know how you are feeling, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore very quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, you don\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry, and his voice was suddenly loud and strong. White-hot anger leapt inside him. Dumbledore knew \i nothing\i0  about his feelings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You see, Dumbledore?\rdblquote  said Phineas Nigellus slyly. \ldblquote Never try to understand the students. They hate it. They would much rather be tragically misunderstood, wallow in self-pity, stew in their own \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s enough, Phineas,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned his back on Dumbledore and stared determinedly out of the opposite window. He could see the Quidditch stadium in the distance. Sirius had appeared there once, disguised as the shaggy black dog, so he could watch Harry play. \'85 He had probably come to see whether Harry was as good as James had been. \'85 Harry had never asked him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is no shame in what you are feeling, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore\rquote s voice. \ldblquote On the contrary \'85 the fact that you can feel pain like this is your greatest strength.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt the white-hot anger lick his insides, blazing in the terri\-ble emptiness, filling him with the desire to hurt Dumbledore for his calmness and his empty words.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My greatest strength, is it?\rdblquote  said Harry, his voice shaking as he stared out at the Quidditch stadium, no longer seeing it. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t got a clue. \'85 You don\rquote t know \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What don\rquote t I know?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore calmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was too much. Harry turned around, shaking with rage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want to talk about how I feel, all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, suffering like this proves you are still a man! This pain is part of being human \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote THEN \emdash  I \emdash  DON\rquote T \emdash  WANT \emdash  TO \emdash  BE \emdash  HUMAN!\rdblquote  Harry roared, and he seized one of the delicate silver instruments from the spindle-legged table beside him and flung it across the room. It shattered into a hundred tiny pieces against the wall. Several of the pictures let out yells of anger and fright, and the portrait of Armando Dippet said, \ldblquote\i Really\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I DON\rquote T CARE!\rdblquote  Harry yelled at them, snatching up a luna\-scope and throwing it into the fireplace. \ldblquote I\rquote VE HAD ENOUGH, I\rquote VE SEEN ENOUGH, I WANT OUT, I WANT IT TO END, I DON\rquote T CARE ANYMORE \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He seized the table on which the silver instrument had stood and threw that too. It broke apart on the floor and the legs rolled in dif\-ferent directions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You do care,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. He had not flinched or made a single move to stop Harry demolishing his office. His expression was calm, almost detached. \ldblquote You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  DON\rquote T!\rdblquote  Harry screamed, so loudly that he felt his throat might tear, and for a second he wanted to rush at Dumbledore and break him too; shatter that calm old face, shake him, hurt him, make him feel some tiny part of the horror inside Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, you do,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, still more calmly. \ldblquote You have now lost your mother, your father, and the closest thing to a parent you have ever known. Of course you care.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote YOU DON\rquote T KNOW HOW I FEEL!\rdblquote  Harry roared. \ldblquote YOU \emdash  STANDING THERE \emdash  YOU \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But words were no longer enough, smashing things was no more help. He wanted to run, he wanted to keep running and never look back, he wanted to be somewhere he could not see the clear blue eyes\lang3081  \lang1033 staring at him, that hatefully calm old face. He ran to the door, seized the doorknob again, and wrenched at it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the door would not open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned back to Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let me out,\rdblquote  he said. He was shaking from head to foot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore simply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a few seconds they stared at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let me out,\rdblquote  Harry said again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Dumbledore repeated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you don\rquote t \emdash  if you keep me in here \emdash  if you don\rquote t let me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote By all means continue destroying my possessions,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore serenely. \ldblquote I daresay I have too many.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He walked around his desk and sat down behind it, watching Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let me out,\rdblquote  Harry said yet again, in a voice that was cold and al\-most as calm as Dumbledore\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not until I have had my say,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you \emdash  do you think I want to \emdash  do you think I give a \emdash  I DON\rquote T CARE WHAT YOU\rquote VE GOT TO SAY!\rdblquote  Harry roared. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want to hear \i anything\i0  you\rquote ve got to say!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore sadly. \ldblquote Because you are not nearly as angry with me as you ought to be. If you are to attack me, as I know you are close to doing, I would like to have thoroughly earned it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you talking \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is \i my\i0  fault that Sirius died,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore clearly. \ldblquote Or I should say almost entirely my fault \emdash  I will not be so arrogant as to claim responsibility for the whole. Sirius was a brave, clever, and ener\-getic man, and such men are not usually content to sit at home in hid\-ing while they believe others to be in danger. Nevertheless, you should never have believed for an instant that there was any necessity for you to go to the Department of Mysteries tonight. If I had been open with you, Harry, as I should have been, you would have known a long time\lang3081  \lang1033 ago that Voldemort might try and lure you to the Department of Mysteries, and you would never have been tricked into going there tonight. And Sirius would not have had to come after you. That blame lies with me, and with me alone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was still standing with his hand on the doorknob but he was unaware of it. He was gazing at Dumbledore, hardly breathing, lis\-tening yet barely understanding what he was hearing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please sit down,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. It was not an order, it was a request.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hesitated, then walked slowly across the room now littered with silver cogs and fragments of wood and took the seat facing Dum\-bledore\rquote s desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Am I to understand,\rdblquote  said Phineas Nigellus slowly from Harry\rquote s left, \ldblquote that my great-great-grandson \emdash  the last of the Blacks \emdash  is dead?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Phineas,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe it,\rdblquote  said Phineas brusquely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned his head in time to see Phineas marching out of his portrait and knew that he had gone to visit his other painting in Grimmauld Place. He would walk, perhaps, from portrait to portrait, calling for Sirius through the house. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I owe you an explanation,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote An explana\-tion of an old man\rquote s mistakes. For I see now that what I have done, and not done, with regard to you, bears all the hallmarks of the fail\-ings of age. Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young \'85 and I seem to have forgotten lately. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sun was rising properly now. There was a rim of dazzling or\-ange visible over the mountains and the sky above it was colorless and bright. The light fell upon Dumbledore, upon the silver of his eye\-brows and beard, upon the lines gouged deeply into his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I guessed, fifteen years ago,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote when I saw the\lang3081  \lang1033 scar upon your forehead, what it might mean. I guessed that it might be the sign of a connection forged between you and Voldemort.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve told me this before, Professor,\rdblquote  said Harry bluntly. He did not care about being rude. He did not care about anything very much anymore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore apologetically. \ldblquote Yes, but you see \emdash  it is necessary to start with your scar. For it became apparent, shortly after you rejoined the magical world, that I was correct, and that your scar was giving you warnings when Voldemort was close to you, or else feeling powerful emotion.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Harry wearily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And this ability of yours \emdash  to detect Voldemort\rquote s presence, even when he is disguised, and to know what he is feeling when his emo\-tions are roused \emdash  has become more and more pronounced since Voldemort returned to his own body and his full powers.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not bother to nod. He knew all of this already.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote More recently,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote I became concerned that Voldemort might realize that this connection between you exists. Sure enough, there came a time when you entered so far into his mind and thoughts that he sensed your presence. I am speaking, of course, of the night when you witnessed the attack on Mr. Weasley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, Snape told me,\rdblquote  Harry muttered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Professor\i0  Snape, Harry,\rdblquote  Dumbledore corrected him quietly. \ldblquote But did you not wonder why it was not I who explained this to you? Why I did not teach you Occlumency? Why I had not so much as looked at you for months?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked up. He could see now that Dumbledore looked sad and tired.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  Harry mumbled. \ldblquote Yeah, I wondered.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You see,\rdblquote  continued Dumbledore heavily \ldblquote I believed it could not be long before Voldemort attempted to force his way into your mind, to manipulate and misdirect your thoughts, and I was not eager to\lang3081  \lang1033 give him more incentives to do so. I was sure that if he realized that our relationship was \emdash  or had ever been \emdash  closer than that of head\-master and pupil, he would seize his chance to use you as a means to spy on me. I feared the uses to which he would put you, the possibil\-ity that he might try and possess you. Harry, I believe I was right to think that Voldemort would have made use of you in such a way. On those rare occasions when we had close contact, I thought I saw a shadow of him stir behind your eyes. \'85 I was trying, in distancing myself from you, to protect you. An old man\rquote s mistake \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry remembered the feeling that a dormant snake had risen in him, ready to strike, on those occasions when he and Dumbledore made eye contact.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort\rquote s aim in possessing you, as he demonstrated tonight, would not have been my destruction. It would have been yours. He hoped, when he possessed you briefly a short while ago, that I would sacrifice you in the hope of killing him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sighed deeply. Harry was letting the words wash over him. He would have been so interested to know all this a few months ago, and now it was meaningless compared to the gaping chasm inside him that was the loss of Sirius, none of it mattered \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius told me that you felt Voldemort awake inside you the very night that you had the vision of Arthur Weasley\rquote s attack. I knew at once that my worst fears were correct: Voldemort from that point had realized he could use you. In an attempt to arm you against Volde\-mort\rquote s assaults on your mind, I arranged Occlumency lessons with Professor Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He paused. Harry watched the sunlight, which was sliding slowly across the polished surface of Dumbledore\rquote s desk, illuminate a silver ink pot and a handsome scarlet quill. Harry could tell that the por\-traits all around them were awake and listening raptly to Dumble\-dore\rquote s explanation. He could hear the occasional rustle of robes, the slight clearing of a throat. Phineas Nigellus had still not returned. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Snape discovered,\rdblquote  Dumbledore resumed, \ldblquote that you had been dreaming about the door to the Department of Mysteries for months. Voldemort, of course, had been obsessed with the possibility of hearing the prophecy ever since he regained his body, and as he dwelled on the door, so did you, though you did not know what it meant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then you saw Rookwood, who worked in the Department of Mysteries before his arrest, telling Voldemort what we had known all along \emdash  that the prophecies held in the Ministry of Magic are heavily protected. Only the people to whom they refer can lift them from the shelves without suffering madness. In this case, either Voldemort him\-self would have to enter the Ministry of Magic and risk revealing himself at last \emdash  or else you would have to take it for him. It became a matter of even greater urgency that you should master Occlumency.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  muttered Harry. He said it aloud to try and ease the dead weight of guilt inside him; a confession must surely relieve some of the terrible pressure squeezing his heart. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t practice, I didn\rquote t bother, I could\rquote ve stopped myself having those dreams, Hermione kept telling me to do it, if I had he\rquote d never have been able to show me where to go, and \emdash  Sirius wouldn\rquote t \emdash  Sirius wouldn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something was erupting inside Harry\rquote s head: a need to justify him\-self, to explain \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I tried to check he\rquote d really taken Sirius, I went to Umbridge\rquote s of\-fice, I spoke to Kreacher in the fire, and he said Sirius wasn\rquote t there, he said he\rquote d gone!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher lied,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly. \ldblquote You are not his master, he could lie to you without even needing to punish himself. Kreacher intended you to go to the Ministry of Magic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He \emdash  he sent me on purpose?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes. Kreacher, I am afraid, has been serving more than one master for months.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How?\rdblquote  said Harry blankly. \ldblquote He hasn\rquote t been out of Grimmauld Place for years.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher seized his opportunity shortly before Christmas,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote when Sirius, apparently, shouted at him to \lquote get out.\rquote  He took Sirius at his word and interpreted this as an order to leave the house. He went to the only Black family member for whom he had any respect left. \'85 Black\rquote s cousin Narcissa, sister of Bellatrix and wife of Lucius Malfoy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you know all this?\rdblquote  Harry said. His heart was beating very fast. He felt sick. He remembered worrying about Kreacher\rquote s odd absence over Christmas, remembered him turning up again in the attic. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher told me last night,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote You see, when you gave Professor Snape that cryptic warning, he realized that you had had a vision of Sirius trapped in the bowels of the Department of Mysteries. He, like you, attempted to contact Sirius at once. I should explain that members of the Order of the Phoenix have more reliable methods of communicating than the fire in Dolores Umbridge\rquote s of\-fice. Professor Snape found that Sirius was alive and safe in Grim\-mauld Place.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When, however, you did not return from your trip into the forest with Dolores Umbridge, Professor Snape grew worried that you still believed Sirius to be a captive of Lord Voldemort\rquote s. He alerted certain Order members at once.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore heaved a great sigh and then said, \ldblquote Alastor Moody, Nymphadora Tonks, Kingsley Shacklebolt, and Remus Lupin were at headquarters when he made contact. All agreed to go to your aid at once. Professor Snape requested that Sirius remain behind, as he needed somebody to remain at headquarters to tell me what had hap\-pened, for I was due there at any moment. In the meantime he, Pro\-fessor Snape, intended to search the forest for you.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Sirius did not wish to remain behind while the others went to search for you. He delegated to Kreacher the task of telling me what had happened. And so it was that when I arrived in Grimmauld Place\lang3081  \lang1033 shortly after they had all left for the Ministry, it was the elf who told me \emdash  laughing fit to burst \emdash  where Sirius had gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was laughing?\rdblquote  said Harry in a hollow voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote You see, Kreacher was not able to be\-tray us totally. He is not Secret-Keeper for the Order, he could not give the Malfoys our whereabouts or tell them any of the Order\rquote s con\-fidential plans that he had been forbidden to reveal. He was bound by the enchantments of his kind, which is to say that he could not dis\-obey a direct order from his master, Sirius. But he gave Narcissa information of the sort that is very valuable to Voldemort, yet must have seemed much too trivial for Sirius to think of banning him from repeating it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like what?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like the fact that the person Sirius cared most about in the world was you,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote Like the fact that you were com\-ing to regard Sirius as a mixture of father and brother. Voldemort knew already, of course, that Sirius was in the Order, that you knew where he was \emdash  but Kreacher\rquote s information made him realize that the one person whom you would go to any lengths to rescue was Sirius Black.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s lips were cold and numb.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \'85 when I asked Kreacher if Sirius was there last night\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Malfoys \emdash  undoubtedly on Voldemort\rquote s instructions \emdash  had told him he must find a way of keeping Sirius out of the way once you had seen the vision of Sirius being tortured. Then, if you decided to check whether Sirius was at home or not, Kreacher would be able to pretend he was not. Kreacher injured Buckbeak the hippogriff yester\-day, and at the moment when you made your appearance in the fire, Sirius was upstairs trying to tend to him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There seemed to be very little air in Harry\rquote s lungs, his breathing was quick and shallow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Kreacher told you all this \'85 and laughed?\rdblquote  he croaked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He did not wish to tell me,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote But I am a suffi\-ciently accomplished Legilimens myself to know when I am being lied to and I \emdash  persuaded him \emdash  to tell me the full story, before I left for the Department of Mysteries.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And,\rdblquote  whispered Harry, his hands curled in cold fists on his knees, \ldblquote and Hermione kept telling us to be nice to him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She was quite right, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I warned Sirius when we adopted twelve Grimmauld Place as our headquarters that Kreacher must be treated with kindness and respect. I also told him that Kreacher could be dangerous to us. I do not think that Sirius took me very seriously, or that he ever saw Kreacher as a being with feelings as acute as a humans \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you blame \emdash  don\rquote t you \emdash  talk \emdash  about Sirius like \emdash\rdblquote  Harry\rquote s breath was constricted, he could not get the words out prop\-erly. But the rage that had subsided so briefly had flared in him again; he would not let Dumbledore criticize Sirius. \ldblquote Kreacher\rquote s a lying \emdash  foul \emdash  he deserved \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher is what he has been made by wizards, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore. \ldblquote Yes, he is to be pitied. His existence has been as miserable as your friend Dobby\rquote s. He was forced to do Sirius\rquote s bidding, because Sir\-ius was the last of the family to which he was enslaved, but he felt no true loyalty to him. And whatever Kreacher\rquote s faults, it must be admit\-ted that Sirius did nothing to make Kreacher\rquote s lot easier \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DON\rquote T TALK ABOUT SIRIUS LIKE THAT!\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was on his feet again, furious, ready to fly at Dumbledore, who had plainly not understood Sirius at all, how brave he was, how much he had suffered \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about Snape?\rdblquote  Harry spat. \ldblquote You\rquote re not talking about him, are you? When I told him Voldemort had Sirius he just sneered at me as usual \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you know that Professor Snape had no choice but to pre\-tend not to take you seriously in front of Dolores Umbridge,\rdblquote  said\lang3081  \lang1033 Dumbledore steadily, \ldblquote but as I have explained, he informed the Order as soon as possible about what you had said. It was he who deduced where you had gone when you did not return from the forest. It was he too who gave Professor Umbridge fake Veritaserum when she was attempting to force you to tell of Sirius\rquote s whereabouts. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry disregarded this; he felt a savage pleasure in blaming Snape, it seemed to be easing his own sense of dreadful guilt, and he wanted to hear Dumbledore agree with him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape \emdash  Snape g-goaded Sirius about staying in the house \emdash  he made out Sirius was a coward \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius was much too old and clever to have allowed such feeble taunts to hurt him,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape stopped giving me Occlumency lessons!\rdblquote  Harry snarled. \ldblquote He threw me out of his office!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am aware of it,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore heavily. \ldblquote I have already said that it was a mistake for me not to teach you myself, though I was sure, at the time, that nothing could have been more dangerous than to open your mind even further to Voldemort while in my presence \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape made it worse, my scar always hurt worse after lessons with him \emdash\rdblquote  Harry remembered Ron\rquote s thoughts on the subject and plunged on. \ldblquote How do you know he wasn\rquote t trying to soften me up for Voldemort, make it easier for him to get inside my \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I trust Severus Snape,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore simply. \ldblquote But I forgot \emdash  another old man\rquote s mistake \emdash  that some wounds run too deep for the healing. I thought Professor Snape could overcome his feelings about your father \emdash  I was wrong.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But that\rquote s okay, is it?\rdblquote  yelled Harry, ignoring the scandalized faces and disapproving mutterings of the portraits covering the walls. \ldblquote It\rquote s okay for Snape to hate my dad, but it\rquote s not okay for Sirius to hate Kreacher?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius did not hate Kreacher,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote He regarded\lang3081  \lang1033 him as a servant unworthy of much interest or notice. Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike. \'85 The fountain we destroyed tonight told a lie. We wizards have mis\-treated and abused our fellows for too long, and we are now reaping our reward.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SO SIRIUS DESERVED WHAT HE GOT, DID HE?\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did not say that, nor will you ever hear me say it,\rdblquote  Dumbledore replied quietly. \ldblquote Sirius was not a cruel man, he was kind to house-elves in general. He had no love for Kreacher, because Kreacher was a living reminder of the home Sirius had hated.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, he did hate it!\rdblquote  said Harry, his voice cracking, turning his back on Dumbledore and walking away. The sun was bright inside the room now, and the eyes of all the portraits followed him as he walked, without realizing what he was doing, without seeing the office at all. \ldblquote You made him stay shut up in that house and he hated it, that\rquote s why he wanted to get out last night \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was trying to keep Sirius alive,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote People don\rquote t like being locked up!\rdblquote  Harry said furiously, rounding on him. \ldblquote You did it to me all last summer \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore closed his eyes and buried his face in his long-fingered hands. Harry watched him, but this uncharacteristic sign of exhaus\-tion, or sadness, or whatever it was from Dumbledore, did not soften him. On the contrary, he felt even angrier that Dumbledore was showing signs of weakness. He had no business being weak when Harry wanted to rage and storm at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore lowered his hands and surveyed Harry through his half-moon glasses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is time,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote for me to tell you what I should have told you five years ago, Harry. Please sit down. I am going to tell you every\-thing. I ask only a little patience. You will have your chance to rage at\lang3081  \lang1033 me \emdash  to do whatever you like \emdash  when I have finished. I will not stop you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glared at him for a moment, then flung himself back into the chair opposite Dumbledore and waited. Dumbledore stared for a mo\-ment at the sunlit grounds outside the window, then looked back at Harry and said, \ldblquote Five years ago you arrived at Hogwarts, Harry, safe and whole, as I had planned and intended. Well \emdash  not quite whole. You had suffered. I knew you would when I left you on your aunt and uncle\rquote s doorstep. I knew I was condemning you to ten dark and diffi\-cult years.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He paused. Harry said nothing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You might ask \emdash  and with good reason \emdash  why it had to be so. Why could some Wizarding family not have taken you in? Many would have done so more than gladly, would have been honored and delighted to raise you as a son.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My answer is that my priority was to keep you alive. You were in more danger than perhaps anyone but myself realized. Voldemort had been vanquished hours before, but his supporters \emdash  and many of them are almost as terrible as he \emdash  were still at large, angry, desper\-ate, and violent. And I had to make my decision too with regard to the years ahead. Did I believe that Voldemort was gone forever? No. I knew not whether it would be ten, twenty, or fifty years before he re\-turned, but I was sure he would do so, and I was sure too, knowing him as I have done, that he would not rest until he killed you.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew that Voldemort\rquote s knowledge of magic is perhaps more ex\-tensive than any wizard alive. I knew that even my most complex and powerful protective spells and charms were unlikely to be invincible if he ever returned to full power.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I knew too where Voldemort was weak. And so I made my decision. You would be protected by an ancient magic of which he knows, which he despises, and which he has always, therefore,\lang3081  \lang1033 underestimated \emdash  to his cost. I am speaking, of course, of the fact that your mother died to save you. She gave you a lingering protection he never expected, a protection that flows in your veins to this day. I put my trust, therefore, in your mother\rquote s blood. I delivered you to her sister, her only remaining relative.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She doesn\rquote t love me,\rdblquote  said Harry at once. \ldblquote She doesn\rquote t give a damn \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But she took you,\rdblquote  Dumbledore cut across him. \ldblquote She may have taken you grudgingly, furiously, unwillingly, bitterly, yet still she took you, and in doing so, she sealed the charm I placed upon you. Your mother\rquote s sacrifice made the bond of blood the strongest shield I could give you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I still don\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote While you can still call home the place where your mother\rquote s blood dwells, there you cannot be touched or harmed by Voldemort. He shed her blood, but it lives on in you and her sister. Her blood became your refuge. You need return there only once a year, but as long as you can still call it home, there he cannot hurt you. Your aunt knows this. I explained what I had done in the letter I left, with you, on her doorstep. She knows that allowing you houseroom may well have kept you alive for the past fifteen years.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Wait a moment.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sat up straighter in his chair, staring at Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You sent that Howler. You told her to remember \emdash  it was your voice \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, inclining his head slightly, \ldblquote that she might need reminding of the pact she had sealed by taking you. I sus\-pected the dementor attack might have awoken her to the dangers of having you as a surrogate son.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It did,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly. \ldblquote Well \emdash  my uncle more than her. He wanted to chuck me out, but after the Howler came she \emdash  she said I\lang3081  \lang1033 had to stay.\rdblquote  He stared at the floor for a moment, then said, \ldblquote But what\rquote s this got to do with \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not say Sirius\rquote s name.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Five years ago, then,\rdblquote  continued Dumbledore, as though he had not paused in his story, \ldblquote you arrived at Hogwarts, neither as happy nor as well nourished as I would have liked, perhaps, yet alive and healthy. You were not a pampered little prince, but as normal a boy as I could have hoped under the circumstances. Thus far, my plan was working well.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then \'85 well, you will remember the events of your first year at Hogwarts quite as clearly as I do. You rose magnificently to the challenge that faced you, and sooner \emdash  much sooner \emdash  than I had anticipated, you found yourself face-to-face with Voldemort. You sur\-vived again. You did more. You delayed his return to full power and strength. You fought a man\rquote s fight. I was \'85 prouder of you than I can say.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yet there was a flaw in this wonderful plan of mine,\rdblquote  said Dumb\-ledore. \ldblquote An obvious flaw that I knew, even then, might be the undo\-ing of it all. And yet, knowing how important it was that my plan should succeed, I told myself that I would not permit this flaw to ruin it. I alone could prevent this, so I alone must be strong. And here was my first test, as you lay in the hospital wing, weak from your struggle with Voldemort.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t understand what you\rquote re saying,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you remember asking me, as you lay in the hospital wing, why Voldemort had tried to kill you when you were a baby?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ought I to have told you then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared into the blue eyes and said nothing, but his heart was racing again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You do not see the flaw in the plan yet? No \'85 perhaps not. Well,\lang3081  \lang1033 as you know, I decided not to answer you. Eleven, I told myself, was much too young to know. I had never intended to tell you when you were eleven. The knowledge would be too much at such a young age.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I should have recognized the danger signs then. I should have asked myself why I did not feel more disturbed that you had already asked me the question to which I knew, one day, I must give a terrible answer. I should have recognized that I was too happy to think that I did not have to do it on that particular day. \'85 You were too young, much too young.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And so we entered your second year at Hogwarts. And once again you met challenges even grown wizards have never faced. Once again you acquitted yourself beyond my wildest dreams. You did not ask me again, however, why Voldemort had left that mark upon you. We dis\-cussed your scar, oh yes. \'85 We came very, very close to the subject. Why did I not tell you everything?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it seemed to me that twelve was, after all, hardly better than eleven to receive such information. I allowed you to leave my pres\-ence, bloodstained, exhausted but exhilarated, and if I felt a twinge of unease that I ought, perhaps, have told you then, it was swiftly si\-lenced. You were still so young, you see, and I could not find it in me to spoil that night of triumph. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you see, Harry? Do you see the flaw in my brilliant plan now? I had fallen into the trap I had foreseen, that I had told myself I could avoid, that I must avoid.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I cared about you too much,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore simply. \ldblquote I cared more for your happiness than your knowing the truth, more for your peace of mind than my plan, more for your life than the lives that might be lost if the plan failed. In other words, I acted exactly as Voldemort expects we fools who love to act.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is there a defense? I defy anyone who has watched you as I have \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 and I have watched you more closely than you can have imagined \emdash  not to want to save you more pain than you had already suffered. What did I care if numbers of nameless and faceless people and crea\-tures were slaughtered in the vague future, if in the here and now you were alive, and well, and happy? I never dreamed that I would have such a person on my hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We entered your third year. I watched from afar as you struggled to repel dementors, as you found Sirius, learned what he was and res\-cued him. Was I to tell you then, at the moment when you had tri\-umphantly snatched your godfather from the jaws of the Ministry? But now, at the age of thirteen, my excuses were running out. Young you might be, but you had proved you were exceptional. My con\-science was uneasy, Harry. I knew the time must come soon. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you came out of the maze last year, having watched Cedric Diggory die, having escaped death so narrowly yourself\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and I did not tell you, though I knew, now Voldemort had returned, I must do it soon. And now, tonight, I know you have long been ready for the knowledge I have kept from you for so long, because you have proved that I should have placed the burden upon you before this. My only defense is this: I have watched you struggling under more burdens than any student who has ever passed through this school, and I could not bring myself to add another \emdash  the greatest one of all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not speak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I still don\rquote t understand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort tried to kill you when you were a child because of a prophecy made shortly before your birth. He knew the prophecy had been made, though he did not know its full contents. He set out to kill you when you were still a baby, believing he was fulfilling the terms of the prophecy. He discovered, to his cost, that he was mis\-taken, when the curse intended to kill you backfired. And so, since his return to his body, and particularly since your extraordinary escape from him last year, he has been determined to hear that prophecy in\lang3081  \lang1033 its entirety. This is the weapon he has been seeking so assiduously since his return: the knowledge of how to destroy you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sun had risen fully now. Dumbledore\rquote s office was bathed in it. The glass case in which the sword of Godric Gryffindor resided gleamed white and opaque, the fragments of the instruments Harry had thrown to the floor glistened like raindrops, and behind him, the baby Fawkes made soft chirruping noises in his nest of ashes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The prophecy\rquote s smashed,\rdblquote  Harry said blankly. \ldblquote I was pulling Neville up those benches in the \emdash  the room where the archway was, and I ripped his robes and it fell. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The thing that smashed was merely the record of the prophecy kept by the Department of Mysteries. But the prophecy was made to somebody, and that person has the means of recalling it perfectly.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who heard it?\rdblquote  asked Harry, though he thought he knew the an\-swer already.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote On a cold, wet night sixteen years ago, in a room above the bar at the Hog\rquote s Head Inn. I had gone there to see an applicant for the post of Divination teacher, though it was against my inclination to allow the subject of Divination to continue at all. The applicant, however, was the great-great-granddaughter of a very famous, very gifted Seer, and I thought it common politeness to meet her. I was disappointed. It seemed to me that she had not a trace of the gift herself. I told her, courteously I hope, that I did not think she would be suitable for the post. I turned to leave.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore got to his feet and walked past Harry to the black cab\-inet that stood beside Fawkes\rquote s perch. He bent down, slid back a catch, and took from inside it the shallow stone basin, carved with runes around the edges, in which Harry had seen his father torment\-ing Snape. Dumbledore walked back to the desk, placed the Pensieve upon it, and raised his wand to his own temple. From it, he withdrew silvery, gossamer-fine strands of thought clinging to the wand, and deposited them in the basin. He sat back down behind his desk and\lang3081  \lang1033 watched his thoughts swirl and drift inside the Pensieve for a moment. Then, with a sigh, he raised his wand and prodded the silvery sub\-stance with its tip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A figure rose out of it, draped in shawls, her eyes magnified to enor\-mous size behind her glasses, and she revolved slowly, her feet in the basin. But when Sibyll Trelawney spoke, it was not in her usual ethe\-real, mystic voice, but in the harsh, hoarse tones Harry had heard her use once before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord ap\-proaches. \'85 Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies \'85 and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark\lang3081  \lang1033 Lord knows not\lang3081  \'85\lang1033  and either must die at the hand of the other for nei\-ther can live while the other survives. \'85 The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i0 The slowly revolving Professor Trelawney sank back into the silver mass below and vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The silence within the office was absolute. Neither Dumbledore nor Harry nor any of the portraits made a sound. Even Fawkes had fallen silent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore?\rdblquote  Harry said very quietly, for Dumbledore, still staring at the Pensieve, seemed completely lost in thought. \ldblquote It\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 did that mean \'85 What did that mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It meant,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote that the person who has the only chance of conquering Lord Voldemort for good was born at the end of July, nearly sixteen years ago. This boy would be born to parents who had already defied Voldemort three times.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt as though something was closing in upon him. His breathing seemed difficult again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It means \emdash  me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore surveyed him for a moment through his glasses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The odd thing is, Harry,\rdblquote  he said softly, \ldblquote that it may not have meant you at all. Sibyll\rquote s prophecy could have applied to two wizard boys, both born at the end of July that year, both of whom had par\-ents in the Order of the Phoenix, both sets of parents having narrowly escaped Voldemort three times. One, of course, was you. The other was Neville Longbottom.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then \'85 but then, why was it my name on the prophecy and not Neville\rquote s?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The official record was relabeled after Voldemort\rquote s attack on you as a child,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote It seemed plain to the keeper of the Hall of Prophecy that Voldemort could only have tried to kill you be\-cause he knew you to be the one to whom Sibyll was referring.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then \emdash  it might not be me?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am afraid,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore slowly, looking as though every word cost him a great effort, \ldblquote that there is no doubt that it \i is\i0  you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you said \emdash  Neville was born at the end of July too \emdash  and his mum and dad \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are forgetting the next part of the prophecy, the final identi\-fying feature of the boy who could vanquish Voldemort. \'85 Volde\-mort himself would \lquote mark him as his equal.\rquote  And so he did, Harry. He chose you, not Neville. He gave you the scar that has proved both blessing and curse.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he might have chosen wrong!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He might have marked the wrong person!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He chose the boy he thought most likely to be a danger to him,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote And notice this, Harry. He chose, not the pureblood (which, according to his creed, is the only kind of wizard worth being or knowing), but the half-blood, like himself. He saw himself in you be\-fore he had ever seen you, and in marking you with that scar, he did not kill you, as he intended, but gave you powers, and a future, which have fitted you to escape him not once, but four times so far \emdash  something that neither your parents, nor Neville\rquote s parents, ever achieved.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why did he do it, then?\rdblquote  said Harry, who felt numb and cold. \ldblquote Why did he try and kill me as a baby? He should have waited to see whether Neville or I looked more dangerous when we were older and tried to kill whoever it was then \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That might, indeed, have been the more practical course,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote except that Voldemort\rquote s information about the prophecy was incomplete. The Hog\rquote s Head Inn, which Sibyll chose for its cheapness, has long attracted, shall we say, a more interesting clientele than the Three Broomsticks. As you and your friends found out to your cost, and I to mine that night, it is a place where it is never safe to assume you are not being overheard. Of course, I had not dreamed, when I set out to meet Sibyll Trelawney, that I would hear anything worth overhearing. My \emdash  our \emdash  one stroke of good for\-tune was that the eavesdropper was detected only a short way into the prophecy and thrown from the building.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So he only heard \'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He heard only the first part, the part foretelling the birth of a boy in July to parents who had thrice defied Voldemort. Consequently, he could not warn his master that to attack you would be to risk trans\-ferring power to you \emdash  again marking you as his equal. So Voldemort never knew that there might be danger in attacking you, that it might be wise to wait or to learn more. He did not know that you would have \lquote power the Dark Lord knows not\rquote  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I don\rquote t!\rdblquote  said Harry in a strangled voice. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t any powers he hasn\rquote t got, I couldn\rquote t fight the way he did tonight, I can\rquote t possess people or \emdash  or kill them \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is a room in the Department of Mysteries,\rdblquote  interrupted Dumbledore, \ldblquote that is kept locked at all times. It contains a force that is at once more wonderful and more terrible than death, than human intelligence, than forces of nature. It is also, perhaps, the most myste\-rious of the many subjects for study that reside there. It is the power held within that room that you possess in such quantities and which\lang3081  \lang1033 Voldemort has not at all. That power took you to save Sirius tonight. That power also saved you from possession by Voldemort, because he could not bear to reside in a body so full of the force he detests. In the end, it mattered not that you could not close your mind. It was your heart that saved you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry closed his eyes. If he had not gone to save Sirius, Sirius would not have died. \'85 More to stave off the moment when he would have to think of Sirius again, Harry asked, without caring much about the answer, \ldblquote The end of the prophecy \'85 it was some\-thing about\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 \lquote\i neither can live. \'85\lang3081\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\'85\i  while the other survives,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\i  \i0 said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Harry, dredging up the words from what felt like a deep well of despair inside him, \ldblquote so does that mean that\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 that one of us has got to kill the other one \'85 in the end?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a long time, neither of them spoke. Somewhere far beyond the office walls, Harry could hear the sound of voices, students heading down to the Great Hall for an early breakfast, perhaps. It seemed im\-possible that there could be people in the world who still desired food, who laughed, who neither knew nor cared that Sirius Black was gone forever. Sirius seemed a million miles away already, even if a part of Harry still believed that if he had only pulled back that veil, he would have found Sirius looking back at him, greeting him, perhaps, with his laugh like a bark. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I feel I owe you another explanation, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore hesitantly. \ldblquote You may, perhaps, have wondered why I never chose you as a prefect? I must confess \'85 that I rather thought\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 you had enough responsibility to be going on with.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked up at him and saw a tear trickling down Dumble\-dore\rquote s face into his long silver beard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 38\par
\pard\qc The Second War Begins\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\pard\qc HE-WHO-MUST-NOT-BE-NAMED RETURNS\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 In a brief statement Friday night, Minister of Magic Cornelius Fudge confirmed that He-Who-Must-Not-Be Named has returned to this country and is active once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is with great regret that I must confirm that the wizard styling himself Lord \emdash  well, you know who I mean \emdash  is alive and among us again,\rdblquote  said Fudge, looking tired and flustered as he addressed reporters. \ldblquote It is with almost equal regret that we report the mass revolt of the dementors of Azkaban, who have shown themselves averse to continuing in the Ministry\rquote s em\-ploy. We believe that the dementors are currently tak\-ing direction from Lord \emdash  Thingy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We urge the magical population to remain vigi\-lant. The Ministry is currently publishing guides to elementary home and personal defense that will be\lang3081  \lang1033 delivered free to all Wizarding homes within the coming month.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Minister\rquote s statement was met with dismay and alarm from the Wizarding community, which as re\-cently as last Wednesday was receiving Ministry as\-surances that there was \ldblquote no truth whatsoever in these persistent rumors that You-Know-Who is operating amongst us once more.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Details of the events that led to the Ministry turn\-around are still hazy, though it is believed that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named and a select band of followers (known as Death Eaters) gained entry to the Ministry of Magic itself on Thursday evening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Albus Dumbledore, newly reinstated headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, re\-instated member of the International Confederation of Wizards, and reinstated Chief Warlock of the Wiz\-engamot, was unavailable for comment last night. He has insisted for a year that You-Know-Who was not dead, as was widely hoped and believed, but recruit\-ing followers once more for a fresh attempt to seize power. Meanwhile the Boy Who Lived \emdash\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There you are, Harry, I knew they\rquote d drag you into it somehow,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking over the top of the paper at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were in the hospital wing. Harry was sitting on the end of Ron\rquote s bed and they were both listening to Hermione read the front page of the \i Sunday Prophet.\i0  Ginny, whose ankle had been mended in a trice by Madam Pomfrey, was curled up at the foot of Hermione\rquote s bed; Neville, whose nose had likewise been returned to its normal size and shape, was in a chair between the two beds; and Luna, who had dropped in to visit clutching the latest edition of \i The Quibbler,\i0  was\lang3081  \lang1033 reading the magazine upside down and apparently not taking in a word Hermione was saying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s \lquote the Boy Who Lived\rquote  again now, though, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Ron darkly. \ldblquote Not such a show-off maniac anymore, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He helped himself to a handful of Chocolate Frogs from the im\-mense pile on his bedside cabinet, threw a few to Harry, Ginny, and Neville, and ripped off the wrapper of his own with his teeth. There were still deep welts on his forearms where the brain\rquote s tentacles had wrapped around him. According to Madam Pomfrey, thoughts could leave deeper scarring than almost anything else, though since she had started applying copious amounts of Dr. Ubbly\rquote s Oblivious Unc\-tion, there seemed to be some improvement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, they\rquote re very complimentary about you now, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, now scanning down the article. \ldblquote  \lquote\i A lone voice of truth\i0  \'85\i  perceived as unbalanced, yet never wavered in his story \i0\'85\i  forced to bear ridicule and slander\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rquote  Hmmm,\rdblquote  said Hermione, frowning, \ldblquote I notice they don\rquote t mention the fact that it was them doing all the ridiculing and slandering, though. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She winced slightly and put a hand to her ribs. The curse Dolohov had used on her, though less effective than it would have been had he been able to say the incantation aloud, had nevertheless caused, in Madam Pomfrey\rquote s words, \ldblquote quite enough damage to be going on with.\rdblquote  Hermione was having to take ten different types of potion every day and although she was improving greatly, was already bored with the hospital wing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i You-Know-Who\rquote s Last Attempt to Take Over, pages two to four, What the Ministry Should Have Told Us, page five, Why Nobody Listened to Al\-bus Dumbledore, pages six to eight, Exclusive Interview with Harry Pot\-ter, page nine\lang3081  \lang1033\i0\'85\rquote\i  \i0 Well,\rdblquote  said Hermione, folding up the newspaper and throwing it aside, \ldblquote it\rquote s certainly given them lots to write about. And that interview with Harry isn\rquote t exclusive, it\rquote s the one that was in \i The Quibbler\i0  months ago. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Daddy sold it to them,\rdblquote  said Luna vaguely, turning a page of \i The Quibbler.\i0  \ldblquote He got a very good price for it too, so we\rquote re going to go on an expedition to Sweden this summer and see if we can catch a Crumple-Horned Snorkack.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione seemed to struggle with herself for a moment, then said, \ldblquote That sounds lovely.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny caught Harry\rquote s eye and looked away quickly, grinning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So anyway,\rdblquote  said Hermione, sitting up a little straighter and winc\-ing again, \ldblquote what\rquote s going on in school?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Flitwick\rquote s got rid of Fred and George\rquote s swamp,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote He did it in about three seconds. But he left a tiny patch under the window and he\rquote s roped it off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking startled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, he just says it was a really good bit of magic,\rdblquote  said Ginny, shrugging.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think he left it as a monument to Fred and George,\rdblquote  said Ron through a mouthful of chocolate. \ldblquote They sent me all these, you know,\rdblquote  he told Harry, pointing at the small mountain of Frogs beside him. \ldblquote Must be doing all right out of that joke shop, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked rather disapproving and asked, \ldblquote So has all the trouble stopped now Dumbledore\rquote s back?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Neville, \ldblquote everything\rquote s settled right back down again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I s\rquote pose Filch is happy, is he?\rdblquote  asked Ron, propping a Chocolate Frog card featuring Dumbledore against his water jug.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not at all,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote He\rquote s really, really miserable, actually. \'85\rdblquote  She lowered her voice to a whisper. \ldblquote He keeps saying Umbridge was the best thing that ever happened to Hogwarts. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All six of them looked around. Professor Umbridge was lying in a bed opposite them, gazing up at the ceiling. Dumbledore had strode alone into the forest to rescue her from the centaurs. How he had done it \emdash  how he had emerged from the trees supporting Professor Umbridge without so much as a scratch on him \emdash  nobody knew, and\lang3081  \lang1033 Umbridge was certainly not telling. Since she had returned to the cas\-tle she had not, as far as any of them knew, uttered a single word. No\-body really knew what was wrong with her either. Her usually neat mousy hair was very untidy and there were bits of twig and leaf in it, but otherwise she seemed to be quite unscathed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Madam Pomfrey says she\rquote s just in shock,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sulking, more like,\rdblquote  said Ginny\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, she shows signs of life if you do this,\rdblquote  said Ron, and with his tongue he made soft clip-clopping noises. Umbridge sat bolt upright, looking wildly around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anything wrong, Professor?\rdblquote  called Madam Pomfrey, poking her head around her office door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85 no \'85\rdblquote  said Umbridge, sinking back into her pillows, \ldblquote no, I must have been dreaming. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione and Ginny muffled their laughter in the bedclothes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Speaking of centaurs,\rdblquote  said Hermione, when she had recovered a little, \ldblquote who\rquote s Divination teacher now? Is Firenze staying?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s got to,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote the other centaurs won\rquote t take him back, will they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It looks like he and Trelawney are both going to teach,\rdblquote  said Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bet Dumbledore wishes he could\rquote ve got rid of Trelawney for good,\rdblquote  said Ron, now munching on his fourteenth Frog. \ldblquote Mind you, the whole subjects useless if you ask me, Firenze isn\rquote t a lot better. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How can you say that?\rdblquote  Hermione demanded. \ldblquote After we\rquote ve just found out that there are real prophecies?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart began to race. He had not told Ron, Hermione, or anyone else what the prophecy had contained. Neville had told them it had smashed while Harry was pulling him up the steps in the Death Room, and Harry had not yet corrected this impression. He was not ready to see their expressions when he told them that he must be ei\-ther murderer or victim, there was no other way. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is a pity it broke,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly, shaking her head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it is,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Still, at least You-Know-Who never found out what was in it either \emdash  where are you going?\rdblquote  he added, looking both surprised and disappointed as Harry stood up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  Hagrid\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You know, he just got back and I promised I\rquote d go down and see him and tell him how you two are. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh all right then,\rdblquote  said Ron grumpily, looking out of the dormi\-tory window at the patch of bright blue sky beyond. \ldblquote Wish we could come \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Say hello to him for us!\rdblquote  called Hermione, as Harry proceeded down the ward. \ldblquote And ask him what\rquote s happening about\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 about his little friend!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry gave a wave of his hand to show he had heard and under\-stood as he left the dormitory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The castle seemed very quiet even for a Sunday. Everybody was clearly out in the sunny grounds, enjoying the end of their exams and the prospect of a last few days of term unhampered by studying or homework. Harry walked slowly along the deserted corridor, peering out of windows as he went. He could see people messing around in the air over the Quidditch pitch and a couple of students swimming in the lake, accompanied by the giant squid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was finding it hard at the moment to decide whether he wanted to be with people or not. Whenever he was in company he wanted to get away, and whenever he was alone he wanted company. He thought he might really go and visit Hagrid, though; he had not talked to him properly since he had returned. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had just descended the last marble step into the entrance hall when Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle emerged from a door on the right that Harry knew led down to the Slytherin common room. Harry stopped dead; so did Malfoy and the others. For a few moments, the only sounds were the shouts, laughter, and splashes drifting into the hall from the grounds through the open front doors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy glanced around. Harry knew he was checking for signs of teachers. Then he looked back at Harry and said in a low voice, \ldblquote You\rquote re dead, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry raised his eyebrows. \ldblquote Funny,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote you\rquote d think I\rquote d have stopped walking around. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy looked angrier than Harry had ever seen him. He felt a kind of detached satisfaction at the sight of his pale, pointed face contorted with rage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re going to pay,\rdblquote  said Malfoy in a voice barely louder than a whisper. \ldblquote\i I\rquote m\i0  going to make you pay for what you\rquote ve done to my father. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m terrified now,\rdblquote  said Harry sarcastically. \ldblquote I s\rquote pose Lord Voldemort\rquote s just a warm-up act compared to you three \emdash  what\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote  he said, for Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had all looked stricken at the sound of the name. \ldblquote He\rquote s your dad\rquote s mate, isn\rquote t he? Not scared of him, are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think you\rquote re such a big man, Potter,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, advancing now, Crabbe and Goyle flanking him. \ldblquote You wait. I\rquote ll have you. You can\rquote t land my father in prison \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought I just had,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The dementors have left Azkaban,\rdblquote  said Malfoy quietly. \ldblquote Dad and the others\rquote ll be out in no time. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I expect they will,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Still, at least everyone knows what scumbags they are now \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy\rquote s hand flew toward his wand, but Harry was too quick for him. He had drawn his own wand before Malfoy\rquote s fingers had even entered the pocket of his robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The voice rang across the entrance hall; Snape had emerged from the staircase leading down to his office, and at the sight of him Harry felt a great rush of hatred beyond anything he felt toward Malfoy. \'85 What\-ever Dumbledore said, he would never forgive Snape \'85 never \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you doing, Potter?\rdblquote  said Snape coldly as ever, as he strode over to the four of them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m trying to decide what curse to use on Malfoy, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry fiercely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape stared at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Put that wand away at once,\rdblquote  he said curtly. \ldblquote Ten points from Gryff\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape looked toward the giant hourglasses on the walls and gave a sneering smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah. I see there are no longer any points left in the Gryffindor hour\-glass to take away. In that case, Potter, we will simply have to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Add some more?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall had just stumped up the stone steps into the castle. She was carrying a tartan carpetbag in one hand and leaning heavily on a walking stick with her other, but otherwise looked quite well.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor McGonagall!\rdblquote  said Snape, striding forward. \ldblquote Out of St. Mungo\rquote s, I see!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Professor Snape,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, shrugging off her traveling cloak, \ldblquote I\rquote m quite as good as new. You two \emdash  Crabbe \emdash  Goyle \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She beckoned them forward imperiously and they came, shuffling their large feet and looking awkward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, thrusting her carpetbag into Crabbe\rquote s chest and her cloak into Goyle\rquote s, \ldblquote take these up to my office for me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They turned and stumped away up the marble staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right then,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, looking up at the hour\-glasses on the wall, \ldblquote well, I think Potter and his friends ought to have fifty points apiece for alerting the world to the return of You-Know-Who! What say you, Professor Snape?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  snapped Snape, though Harry knew he had heard per\-fectly well. \ldblquote Oh \emdash  well \emdash  I suppose \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that\rquote s fifty each for Potter, the two Weasleys, Longbottom, and Miss Granger,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, and a shower of rubies fell down into the bottom bulb of Gryffindor\rquote s hourglass as she spoke. \ldblquote Oh \emdash  and fifty for Miss Lovegood, I suppose,\rdblquote  she added, and a number of sapphires fell into Ravenclaw\rquote s glass. \ldblquote Now, you wanted to take ten from Mr. Potter, I think, Professor Snape \emdash  so there we\lang3081  \lang1033 are. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few rubies retreated into the upper bulb, leaving a respectable amount below nevertheless.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Potter, Malfoy, I think you ought to be outside on a glorious day like this,\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall continued briskly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not need telling twice. He thrust his wand back inside his robes and headed straight for the front doors without another glance at Snape and Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The hot sun hit him with a blast as he walked across the lawns toward Hagrid\rquote s cabin. Students lying around on the grass sun\-bathing, talking, reading the \i Sunday Prophet,\i0  and eating sweets looked up at him as he passed. Some called out to him, or else waved, clearly eager to show that they, like the \i Prophet,\i0  had decided he was something of a hero. Harry said nothing to any of them. He had no idea how much they knew of what had happened three days ago, but he had so far avoided being questioned and preferred it that way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He thought at first when he knocked on Hagrid\rquote s cabin door that he was out, but then Fang came charging around the corner and al\-most bowled him over with the enthusiasm of his welcome. Hagrid, it transpired, was picking runner beans in his back garden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All righ\rquote , Harry!\rdblquote  he said, beaming, when Harry approached the fence. \ldblquote Come in, come in, we\rquote ll have a cup o\rquote  dandelion juice. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote s things?\rdblquote  Hagrid asked him, as they settled down at his wooden table with a glass apiece of iced juice. \ldblquote You \emdash  er \emdash  feelin\rquote  all righ\rquote , are yeh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry knew from the look of concern on Hagrid\rquote s face that he was not referring to Harry\rquote s physical well-being.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m fine,\rdblquote  Harry said quickly, because he could not bear to discuss the thing that he knew was in Hagrid\rquote s mind. \ldblquote So, where\rquote ve you been?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bin hidin\rquote  out in the mountains,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Up in a cave, like Sirius did when he \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid broke off, cleared his throat gruffly, looked at Harry, and took a long draft of juice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway, back now,\rdblquote  he said feebly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  you look better,\rdblquote  said Harry, who was determined to keep the conversation moving away from Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wha?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, raising a massive hand and feeling his face. \ldblquote Oh \emdash  oh yeah. Well, Grawpy\rquote s loads better behaved now, loads. Seemed right pleased ter see me when I got back, ter tell yeh the truth. He\rquote s a good lad, really. \'85 I\rquote ve bin thinkin\rquote  abou\rquote  tryin\rquote  ter find him a lady friend, actually. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry would normally have tried to persuade Hagrid out of this idea at once. The prospect of a second giant taking up residence in the forest, possibly even wilder and more brutal than Grawp, was posi\-tively alarming, but somehow Harry could not muster the energy nec\-essary to argue the point. He was starting to wish he was alone again, and with the idea of hastening his departure he took several large gulps of his dandelion juice, half emptying his glass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ev\rquote ryone knows you\rquote ve bin tellin\rquote  the truth now, Harry,\rdblquote  said Ha\-grid softly and unexpectedly. \ldblquote Tha\rquote s gotta be better, hasn\rquote  it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shrugged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look \'85\rdblquote  Hagrid leaned toward him across the table, \ldblquote I knew\lang3081  \lang1033 Sirius longer \rquote n you did. \'85 He died in battle, an\rquote  tha\rquote s the way he\rquote d\rquote ve wanted ter go \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He didn\rquote t want to go at all!\rdblquote  said Harry angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid bowed his great shaggy head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nah, I don\rquote  reckon he did,\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote But still, Harry \'85 he was never one ter sit around at home an\rquote  let other people do the fightin\rquote . He couldn\rquote  have lived with himself if he hadn\rquote  gone ter help \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry leapt up again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got to go and visit Ron and Hermione in the hospital wing,\rdblquote  he said mechanically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking rather upset. \ldblquote Oh \'85 all righ then, Harry \'85 Take care of yerself then, an\rquote  drop back in if yeh\rquote ve got a mo. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 right\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry crossed to the door as fast as he could and pulled it open. He was out in the sunshine again before Hagrid had finished saying good\-bye and walked away across the lawn. Once again, people called out to him as he passed. He closed his eyes for a few moments, wishing they would all vanish, that he could open his eyes and find himself alone in the grounds. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few days ago, before his exams had finished and he had seen the vision Voldemort had planted in his mind, he would have given al\-most anything for the Wizarding world to know that he had been telling the truth, for them to believe that Voldemort was back and know that he was neither a liar nor mad. Now, however \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He walked a short way around the lake, sat down on its bank, shel\-tered from the gaze of passersby behind a tangle of shrubs, and stared out over the gleaming water, thinking. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Perhaps the reason he wanted to be alone was because he had felt isolated from everybody since his talk with Dumbledore. An invisible barrier separated him from the rest of the world. He was \emdash  he had\lang3081  \lang1033 always been \emdash  a marked man. It was just that he had never really un\-derstood what that meant. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And yet sitting here on the edge of the lake, with the terrible weight of grief dragging at him, with the loss of Sirius so raw and fresh inside, he could not muster any great sense of fear. It was sunny and the grounds around him were full of laughing people, and even though he felt as distant from them as though he belonged to a different race, it was still very hard to believe as he sat here that his life must include, or end in, murder. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sat there for a long time, gazing out at the water, trying not to think about his godfather or to remember that it was directly across from here, on the opposite bank, that Sirius had collapsed trying to fend off a hundred dementors. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sun had fallen before he realized that he was cold. He got up and returned to the castle, wiping his face on his sleeve as he went.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione left the hospital wing completely cured three days before the end of term. Hermione showed signs of wanting to talk about Sirius, but Ron tended to make hushing noises every time she mentioned his name. Harry was not sure whether or not he wanted to talk about his godfather yet; his wishes varied with his mood. He knew one thing, though: Unhappy as he felt at the moment, he would greatly miss Hogwarts in a few days\rquote  time when he was back at num\-ber four, Privet Drive. Even though he now understood exactly why he had to return there every summer, he did not feel any better about it. Indeed, he had never dreaded his return more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Umbridge left Hogwarts the day before the end of term. It seemed that she had crept out of the hospital wing during dinner\-time, evidently hoping to depart undetected, but unfortunately for her, she met Peeves on the way, who seized his last chance to do as Fred had instructed and chased her gleefully from the premises,\lang3081  \lang1033 whacking her alternately with a walking stick and a sock full of chalk. Many students ran out into the entrance hall to watch her running away down the path, and the Heads of Houses tried only halfheart\-edly to restrain their pupils. Indeed, Professor McGonagall sank back into her chair at the staff table after a few feeble remonstrances and was clearly heard to express a regret that she could not run cheering af\-ter Umbridge herself, because Peeves had borrowed her walking stick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Their last evening at school arrived; most people had finished pack\-ing and were already heading down to the end-of-term feast, but Harry had not even started.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just do it tomorrow!\rdblquote  said Ron, who was waiting by the door of their dormitory. \ldblquote Come on, I\rquote m starving. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I won\rquote t be long. \'85 Look, you go ahead. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But when the dormitory door closed behind Ron, Harry made no ef\-fort to speed up his packing. The very last thing he wanted to do was to attend the end-of-term feast. He was worried that Dumbledore would make some reference to him in his speech. He was sure to mention Voldemort\rquote s return; he had talked to them about it last year, after all. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled some crumpled robes out of the very bottom of his trunk to make way for folded ones and, as he did so, noticed a badly wrapped package lying in a corner of it. He could not think what it was doing there. He bent down, pulled it out from underneath his trainers, and examined it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He realized what it was within seconds. Sirius had given it to him just inside the front door of twelve Grimmauld Place. \i Use it if you need me, all right\i0 ?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sank down onto his bed and unwrapped the package. Out fell a small, square mirror. It looked old; it was certainly dirty. Harry held it up to his face and saw his own reflection looking back at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned the mirror over. There on the reverse side was a scribbled note from Sirius.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i This is a two-way mirror. I\rquote ve got the other. If\lang3081  \lang1033 you need to speak to me, just say my name into it; you\rquote ll appear in my mirror and I\rquote ll be able to talk in\lang3081  y\lang1033 ours. James and I used to use them when we were in separate detentions.\lang3081\par
\i0\par
\lang1033 And Harry\rquote s heart began to race. He remembered seeing his dead parents in the Mirror of Erised four years ago. He was going to be able to talk to Sirius again, right now, he knew it \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around to make sure there was nobody else there; the dormitory was quite empty. He looked back at the mirror, raised it in front of his face with trembling hands, and said, loudly and clearly, \ldblquote Sirius.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His breath misted the surface of the glass. He held the mirror even closer, excitement flooding through him, but the eyes blinking back at him through the fog were definitely his own.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He wiped the mirror clear again and said, so that every syllable rang clearly through the room, \ldblquote Sirius Black!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nothing happened. The frustrated face looking back out of the mirror was still, definitely, his own. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Sirius didn\rquote t have his mirror on him when he went through the arch\-way,\i0  said a small voice in Harry\rquote s head. \i That\rquote s why it\rquote s not working. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Harry remained quite still for a moment, then hurled the mirror back into the trunk where it shattered. He had been convinced, for a whole, shining minute, that he was going to see Sirius, talk to him again. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Disappointment was burning in his throat. He got up and began throwing his things pell-mell into the trunk on top of the broken mirror \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But then an idea struck him. \'85 A better idea than a mirror \'85 A\lang3081  \lang1033 much bigger, more important idea \'85 How had he never thought of it before \emdash  why had he never asked?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was sprinting out of the dormitory and down the spiral stair\-case, hitting the walls as he ran and barely noticing. He hurtled across the empty common room, through the portrait hole and off along the corridor, ignoring the Fat Lady, who called after him, \ldblquote The feast is about to start, you know, you\rquote re cutting it very fine!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry had no intention of going to the feast\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 How could it be that the place was full of ghosts whenever you didn\rquote t need one, yet now \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He ran down staircases and along corridors and met nobody either alive or dead. They were all, clearly, in the Great Hall. Outside his Charms classroom he came to a halt, panting and thinking disconso\-lately that he would have to wait until later, until after the end of the feast\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But just as he had given up hope he saw it \emdash  a translucent some\-body drifting across the end of the corridor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 hey Nick! NICK!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The ghost stuck its head back out of the wall, revealing the extrav\-agantly plumed hat and dangerously wobbling head of Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good evening,\rdblquote  he said, withdrawing the rest of his body from the solid stone and smiling at Harry. \ldblquote I am not the only one who is late, then? Though,\rdblquote  he sighed, \ldblquote in rather different senses, of course \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nick, can I ask you something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A most peculiar expression stole over Nearly Headless Nick\rquote s face as he inserted a finger in the stiff ruff at his neck and tugged it a little straighter, apparently to give himself thinking time. He desisted only when his partially severed neck seemed about to give way completely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  now, Harry?\rdblquote  said Nick, looking discomforted. \ldblquote Can\rquote t it wait until after the feast?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  Nick \emdash  please,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote I really need to talk to you. Can we go in here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened the door of the nearest classroom and Nearly Head\-less Nick sighed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh very well,\rdblquote  he said, looking resigned. \ldblquote I can\rquote t pretend I haven\rquote t been expecting it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was holding the door open for him, but he drifted through the wall instead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Expecting what?\rdblquote  Harry asked, as he closed the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You to come and find me,\rdblquote  said Nick, now gliding over to the win\-dow and looking out at the darkening grounds. \ldblquote It happens, some\-times \'85 when somebody has suffered a \'85 loss.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Harry, refusing to be deflected. \ldblquote You were right, I\rquote ve \emdash  I\rquote ve come to find you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nick said nothing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry, who was finding this more awkward than he had anticipated, \ldblquote it\rquote s just \emdash  you\rquote re dead. But you\rquote re still here, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nick sighed and continued to gaze out at the grounds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  Harry urged him. \ldblquote You died, but I\rquote m talking to you. \'85 You can walk around Hogwarts and everything, can\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick quietly, \ldblquote I walk and talk, yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, you came back, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Harry urgently. \ldblquote People can come back, right? As ghosts. They don\rquote t have to disappear completely. \i Well\i0 ?\rdblquote  he added impatiently, when Nick continued to say nothing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nearly Headless Nick hesitated, then said, \ldblquote Not everyone can come back as a ghost.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only \'85 only wizards.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he almost laughed with relief. \ldblquote Well, that\rquote s okay then, the person I\rquote m asking about is a wizard. So he can come back, right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nick turned away from the window and looked mournfully at Harry. \ldblquote He won\rquote t come back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius Black,\rdblquote  said Nick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you did!\rdblquote  said Harry angrily. \ldblquote You came back \emdash  you\rquote re dead and you didn\rquote t disappear \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wizards can leave an imprint of themselves upon the earth, to walk palely where their living selves once trod,\rdblquote  said Nick miserably. \ldblquote But very few wizards choose that path.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Anyway \emdash  it doesn\rquote t matter \emdash  Sirius won\rquote t care if it\rquote s unusual, he\rquote ll come back, I know he will!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And so strong was his belief that Harry actually turned his head to check the door, sure, for a split second, that he was going to see Sirius, pearly white and transparent but beaming, walking through it toward him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He will not come back,\rdblquote  repeated Nick quietly. \ldblquote He will have \'85 gone on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, \lquote gone on\rquote ?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote Gone on where? Listen \emdash  what happens when you die, anyway? Where do you go? Why doesn\rquote t everyone come back? Why isn\rquote t this place full of ghosts? Why \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I cannot answer,\rdblquote  said Nick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re dead, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Harry exasperatedly. \ldblquote Who can an\-swer better than you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was afraid of death,\rdblquote  said Nick. \ldblquote I chose to remain behind. I sometimes wonder whether I oughtn\rquote t to have \'85 Well, that is neither here nor there. \'85 In fact, \i I\i0  am neither here nor there. \'85\rdblquote  He gave a small sad chuckle. \ldblquote I know nothing of the secrets of death, Harry, for I chose my feeble imitation of life instead. I believe learned wizards study the matter in the Department of Mysteries \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t talk to me about that place!\rdblquote  said Harry fiercely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am sorry not to have been more help,\rdblquote  said Nick gently. \ldblquote Well \'85 well, do excuse me \'85 the feast, you know \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he left the room, leaving Harry there alone, gazing blankly at the wall through which Nick had disappeared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt almost as though he had lost his godfather all over again in losing the hope that he might be able to see or speak to him once more. He walked slowly and miserably back up through the empty castle, wondering whether he would ever feel cheerful again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had turned the corner toward the Fat Lady\rquote s corridor when he saw somebody up ahead fastening a note to a board on the wall. A sec\-ond glance showed him that it was Luna. There were no good hiding places nearby, she was bound to have heard his footsteps, and in any case, Harry could hardly muster the energy to avoid anyone at the moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  said Luna vaguely, glancing around at him as she stepped back from the notice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come you\rquote re not at the feast?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote ve lost most of my possessions,\rdblquote  said Luna serenely. \ldblquote Peo\-ple take them and hide them, you know. But as it\rquote s the last night, I re\-ally do need them back, so I\rquote ve been putting up signs.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She gestured toward the notice board, upon which, sure enough, she had pinned a list of all her missing books and clothes, with a plea for their return.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An odd feeling rose in Harry \emdash  an emotion quite different from the anger and grief that had filled him since Sirius\rquote s death. It was a few moments before he realized that he was feeling sorry for Luna.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come people hide your stuff?\rdblquote  he asked her, frowning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  She shrugged. \ldblquote I think they think I\rquote m a bit odd, you know. Some people call me \lquote Loony\rquote  Lovegood, actually.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at her and the new feeling of pity intensified rather painfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s no reason for them to take your things,\rdblquote  he said flatly. \ldblquote D\rquote you want help finding them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no,\rdblquote  she said, smiling at him. \ldblquote They\rquote ll come back, they always do in the end. It was just that I wanted to pack tonight. Anyway \'85 why aren\rquote t \i you\i0  at the feast?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shrugged. \ldblquote Just didn\rquote t feel like it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Luna, observing him with those oddly misty, protuber\-ant eyes. \ldblquote I don\rquote t suppose you do. That man the Death Eaters killed was your godfather, wasn\rquote t he? Ginny told me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded curtly, but found that for some reason he did not mind Luna talking about Sirius. He had just remembered that she too could see thestrals.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you \'85\rdblquote  he began. \ldblquote I mean, who \'85 has anyone you\rquote ve known ever died?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Luna simply, \ldblquote my mother. She was a quite extraordinary witch, you know, but she did like to experiment and one of her spells went rather badly wrong one day. I was nine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  Harry mumbled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, it was rather horrible,\rdblquote  said Luna conversationally. \ldblquote I still feel very sad about it sometimes. But I\rquote ve still got Dad. And anyway, it\rquote s not as though I\rquote ll never see Mum again, is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Harry uncertainly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She shook her head in disbelief. \ldblquote Oh, come on. You heard them, just behind the veil, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mean \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In that room with the archway. They were just lurking out of sight, that\rquote s all. You heard them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They looked at each other. Luna was smiling slightly. Harry did not know what to say, or to think. Luna believed so many extraordinary things \'85 yet he had been sure he had heard voices behind the veil too. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you sure you don\rquote t want me to help you look for your stuff?\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no,\rdblquote  said Luna. \ldblquote No, I think I\rquote ll just go down and have some pudding and wait for it all to turn up. \'85 It always does in the end. \'85 Well, have a nice holiday, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 yeah, you too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She walked away from him, and as he watched her go, he found that the terrible weight in his stomach seemed to have lessened slightly.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 The journey home on the Hogwarts Express next day was eventful in several ways. Firstly, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who had clearly been waiting all week for the opportunity to strike without teacher wit\-nesses, attempted to ambush Harry halfway down the train as he made his way back from the toilet. The attack might have succeeded had it not been for the fact that they unwittingly chose to stage the at\-tack right outside a compartment full of D.A. members, who saw what was happening through the glass and rose as one to rush to Harry\rquote s aid. By the time Ernie Macmillan, Hannah Abbott, Susan Bones, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Anthony Goldstein, and Terry Boot had finished using a wide variety of the hexes and jinxes Harry had taught them, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle resembled nothing so much as three gigantic slugs squeezed into Hogwarts uniforms as Harry, Ernie, and Justin hoisted them into the luggage rack and left them there to ooze.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I must say, I\rquote m looking forward to seeing Malfoy\rquote s mother\rquote s face when he gets off the train,\rdblquote  said Ernie with some satisfaction, as he watched Malfoy squirm above him. Ernie had never quite got over the indignity of Malfoy docking points from Hufflepuff during his brief spell as a member of the Inquisitorial Squad.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Goyle\rquote s mum\rquote ll be really pleased, though,\rdblquote  said Ron, who had come to investigate the source of the commotion. \ldblquote He\rquote s loads betterlooking now. \'85 Anyway, Harry, the food trolley\rquote s just stopped if you want anything. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thanked the others and accompanied Ron back to their compartment, where he bought a large pile of Cauldron Cakes and Pumpkin Pasties. Hermione was reading the \i Daily Prophet\i0  again, Ginny was doing a quiz in \i The Quibbler,\i0  and Neville was stroking his \i Mimbulus mimbletonia,\i0  which had grown a great deal over the year and now made odd crooning noises when touched.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron whiled away most of the journey playing wizard chess while Hermione read out snippets from the \i Prophet.\i0  It was now full of articles about how to repel dementors, attempts by the Min\-istry to track down Death Eaters, and hysterical letters claiming that the writer had seen Lord Voldemort walking past their house that very morning. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It hasn\rquote t really started yet,\rdblquote  sighed Hermione gloomily, folding up the newspaper again. \ldblquote But it won\rquote t be long now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey, Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron, nodding toward the glass window onto the corridor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around. Cho was passing, accompanied by Marietta Edgecombe, who was wearing a balaclava. His and Cho\rquote s eyes met for a moment. Cho blushed and kept walking. Harry looked back down at the chessboard just in time to see one of his pawns chased off its square by Ron\rquote s knight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s \emdash  er \emdash  going on with you and her anyway?\rdblquote  Ron asked quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Harry truthfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  er \emdash  heard she\rquote s going out with someone else now,\rdblquote  said Hermione tentatively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was surprised to find that this information did not hurt at all. Wanting to impress Cho seemed to belong to a past that was no longer quite connected with him. So much of what he had wanted\lang3081  \lang1033 before Sirius\rquote s death felt that way these days. \'85 The week that had elapsed since he had last seen Sirius seemed to have lasted much, much longer: It stretched across two universes, the one with Sirius in it, and the one without.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re well out of it, mate,\rdblquote  said Ron forcefully. \ldblquote I mean, she\rquote s quite good-looking and all that, but you want someone a bit more cheerful.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s probably cheerful enough with someone else,\rdblquote  said Harry, shrugging.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s she with now anyway?\rdblquote  Ron asked Hermione, but it was Ginny who answered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Michael Corner,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Michael \emdash  but \emdash\rdblquote  said Ron, craning around in his seat to stare at her. \ldblquote But you were going out with him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not anymore,\rdblquote  said Ginny resolutely. \ldblquote He didn\rquote t like Gryffindor beating Ravenclaw at Quidditch and got really sulky, so I ditched him and he ran off to comfort Cho instead.\rdblquote  She scratched her nose ab\-sently with the end of her quill, turned \i The Quibbler\i0  upside down, and began marking her answers. Ron looked highly delighted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I always thought he was a bit of an idiot,\rdblquote  he said, prodding his queen forward toward Harry\rquote s quivering castle. \ldblquote Good for you. Just choose someone \emdash  better \emdash  next time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He cast Harry an oddly furtive look as he said it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote ve chosen Dean Thomas, would you say he\rquote s better?\rdblquote  asked Ginny vaguely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WHAT?\rdblquote  shouted Ron, upending the chessboard. Crookshanks went plunging after the pieces and Hedwig and Pigwidgeon twittered and hooted angrily from overhead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As the train slowed down in the approach to King\rquote s Cross, Harry thought he had never wanted to leave it less. He even wondered fleet\-ingly what would happen if he simply refused to get off, but remained\lang3081  \lang1033 stubbornly sitting there until the first of September, when it would take him back to Hogwarts. When it finally puffed to a standstill, however, he lifted down Hedwig\rquote s cage and prepared to drag his trunk from the train as usual.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When the ticket inspector signaled to him, Ron, and Hermione that it was safe to walk through the magical barrier between platforms nine and ten, however, he found a surprise awaiting him on the other side: a group of people standing there to greet him whom he had not expected at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was Mad-Eye Moody, looking quite as sinister with his bowler hat pulled low over his magical eye as he would have done without it, his gnarled hands clutching a long staff, his body wrapped in a voluminous traveling cloak. Tonks stood just behind him, her bright bubble-gum-pink hair gleaming in the sunlight filtering through the dirty glass station ceiling, wearing heavily patched jeans and a bright purple T-shirt bearing the legend THE WEIRD SISTERS. Next to Tonks was Lupin, his face pale, his hair graying, a long and threadbare overcoat covering a shabby jumper and trousers. At the front of the group stood Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, dressed in their Mug\-gle best, and Fred and George, who were both wearing brand-new jackets in some lurid green, scaly material.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, Ginny!\rdblquote  called Mrs. Weasley, hurrying forward and hugging her children tightly. \ldblquote Oh, and Harry dear \emdash  how are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  lied Harry, as she pulled him into a tight embrace. Over her shoulder he saw Ron goggling at the twins\rquote  new clothes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are \i they\i0  supposed to be?\rdblquote  he asked, pointing at the jackets.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Finest dragon skin, little bro,\rdblquote  said Fred, giving his zip a little tweak. \ldblquote Business is booming and we thought we\rquote d treat ourselves.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello, Harry,\rdblquote  said Lupin, as Mrs. Weasley let go of Harry and turned to greet Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t expect\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 what are you all doing here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Lupin with a slight smile, \ldblquote we thought we might have a little chat with your aunt and uncle before letting them take you home.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno if that\rquote s a good idea,\rdblquote  said Harry at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I think it is,\rdblquote  growled Moody, who had limped a little closer. \ldblquote That\rquote ll be them, will it, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pointed with his thumb over his shoulder; his magical eye was evidently peering through the back of his head and his bowler hat. Harry leaned an inch or so to the left to see where Mad-Eye was point\-ing and there, sure enough, were the three Dursleys, who looked positively appalled to see Harry\rquote s reception committee.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, Harry!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, turning from Hermione\rquote s parents, whom he had been greeting enthusiastically, and who were taking it in turns to hug Hermione. \ldblquote Well \emdash  shall we do it, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I reckon so, Arthur,\rdblquote  said Moody.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and Mr. Weasley took the lead across the station toward the place where the Dursleys stood, apparently rooted to the floor. Hermione disengaged herself gently from her mother to join the group.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good afternoon,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley pleasantly to Uncle Vernon, coming to a halt right in front of him. \ldblquote You might remember me, my name\rquote s Arthur Weasley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Mr. Weasley had singlehandedly demolished most of the Durs\-leys\rquote  living room two years previously, Harry would have been very surprised if Uncle Vernon had forgotten him. Sure enough, Uncle Vernon turned a deeper shade of puce and glared at Mr. Weasley, but chose not to say anything, partly, perhaps, because the Dursleys were outnumbered two to one. Aunt Petunia looked both frightened and embarrassed. She kept glancing around, as though terrified somebody she knew would see her in such company. Dudley, meanwhile, seemed to be trying to look small and insignificant, a feat at which he was fail\-ing extravagantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We thought we\rquote d just have a few words with you about Harry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, still smiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  growled Moody. \ldblquote About how he\rquote s treated when he\rquote s at your place.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon\rquote s mustache seemed to bristle with indignation. Possi\-bly because the bowler hat gave him the entirely mistaken impression that he was dealing with a kindred spirit, he addressed himself to Moody.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am not aware that it is any of your business what goes on in my house \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I expect what you\rquote re not aware of would fill several books, Durs\-ley,\rdblquote  growled Moody.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway, that\rquote s not the point,\rdblquote  interjected Tonks, whose pink hair seemed to offend Aunt Petunia more than all the rest put together, for she closed her eyes rather than look at her. \ldblquote The point is, if we find out you\rquote ve been horrible to Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and make no mistake, we\rquote ll hear about it,\rdblquote  added Lupin pleasantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, \ldblquote even if you won\rquote t let Harry use the fellytone \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Telephone,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 whispered Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, if we get any hint that Potter\rquote s been mistreated in any way, you\rquote ll have us to answer to,\rdblquote  said Moody.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon swelled ominously. His sense of outrage seemed to outweigh even his fear of this bunch of oddballs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you threatening me, sir?\rdblquote  he said, so loudly that passersby ac\-tually turned to stare.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I am,\rdblquote  said Mad-Eye, who seemed rather pleased that Uncle Vernon had grasped this fact so quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And do I look like the kind of man who can be intimidated?\rdblquote  barked Uncle Vernon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  said Moody, pushing back his bowler hat to reveal his\lang3081  \lang1033 sinisterly revolving magical eye. Uncle Vernon leapt backward in hor\-ror and collided painfully with a luggage trolley. \ldblquote Yes, I\rquote d have to say you do, Dursley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned from Uncle Vernon to Harry. \ldblquote So, Potter \'85 give us a shout if you need us. If we don\rquote t hear from you for three days in a row, we\rquote ll send someone along. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia whimpered piteously. It could not have been plainer that she was thinking of what the neighbors would say if they caught sight of these people marching up the garden path.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Bye, then, Potter,\rdblquote  said Moody, grasping Harry\rquote s shoulder for a moment with a gnarled hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take care, Harry,\rdblquote  said Lupin quietly. \ldblquote Keep in touch.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, we\rquote ll have you away from there as soon as we can,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley whispered, hugging him again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll see you soon, mate,\rdblquote  said Ron anxiously, shaking Harry\rquote s hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really soon, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione earnestly. \ldblquote We promise.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded. He somehow could not find words to tell them what it meant to him, to see them all ranged there, on his side. Instead he smiled, raised a hand in farewell, turned around, and led the way out of the station toward the sunlit street, with Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley hurrying along in his wake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
}
 