{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qc\f0\fs36 Harry Potter and the  Half-Blood Prince\par
\fs24 by\par
\fs32 J. K. Rowling\par
Illustrations By Mary Grandpr\'e9\par
\fs24\par
Arthur A. Levine Books\par
An Imprint Of Scholastic Press.\par
\par
\lang1033\i To\lang3081  Mackenzie\lang1033 ,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 My beautiful daughter,\par
I dedicate\par
Her ink-and-paper twin.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\i0\fs22 Text copyright \'a9 2005 by J. K. Rowling\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Illustrations by Mary Grandpr\lang3081\'e9\lang1033  copyright \'a9 2005 by Warner Bros.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 HARRY POTTER, characters, names and related indicia are trademarks of\lang3081\par
\lang1033 and \'a9 Warner Bros. Harry Potter Publishing Rights \'a9 J. K. Rowling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All rights reserved. Published by Arthur A. Levine Books,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 an imprint of Scholastic Inc., \i Publishers since 1920.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 SCHOLASTIC, THE LANTERN LOGO and associated logos are\lang3081\par
\lang1033 trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Scholastic Inc.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No part of this publication may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the publisher. For information regarding permission, write to Scholastic Inc., Attention: Permissions Department, 557 Broadway, New York, NY 10012.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Library of Congress Control Number: 2005921149\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 ISBN 0-439-78454-9\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2        05 06 07 08 09\par
Printed in the U.S.A.        23\par
First American edition, July 2005\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Other Minister\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
It was nearing midnight and the Prime Minister was sitting alone in his office, reading a long memo that was slipping through his brain without leaving the slightest trace of meaning be\-hind. He was waiting for a call from the President of a far distant country, and between wondering when the wretched man would telephone, and trying to suppress unpleasant memories of what had been a very long, tiring, and difficult week, there was not much space in his head for anything else. The more he attempted to focus on the print on the page before him, the more clearly the Prime Minister could see the gloating face of one of his political oppo\-nents. This particular opponent had appeared on the news that very day, not only to enumerate all the terrible things that had happened in the last week (as though anyone needed reminding) but also to explain why each and every one of them was the government\rquote s fault.\par
The Prime Minister\rquote s pulse quickened at the very thought of these accusations, for they were neither fair nor true. How on earth\lang3081  \lang1033 was his government supposed to have stopped that bridge collaps\-ing? It was outrageous for anybody to suggest that they were not spending enough on bridges. The bridge was fewer than ten years old, and the best experts were at a loss to explain why it had snapped cleanly in two, sending a dozen cars into the watery depths of the river below. And how dare anyone suggest that it was lack of policemen that had resulted in those two very nasty and well-publicized murders? Or that the government should have somehow foreseen the freak hurricane in the West Country that had caused so much damage to both people and property? And was it \i his\i0  fault that one of his Junior Ministers, Herbert Chorley, had chosen this week to act so peculiarly that he was now going to be spending a lot more time with his family?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A grim mood has gripped the country,\rdblquote  the opponent had con\-cluded, barely concealing his own broad grin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And unfortunately, this was perfectly true. The Prime Minister felt it himself; people really did seem more miserable than usual. Even the weather was dismal; all this chilly mist in the middle of July. \'85 It wasn\rquote t right, it wasn\rquote t normal. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned over the second page of the memo, saw how much longer it went on, and gave it up as a bad job. Stretching his arms above his head he looked around his office mournfully. It was a handsome room, with a fine marble fireplace facing the long sash windows, firmly closed against the unseasonable chill. With a slight shiver, the Prime Minister got up and moved over to the window, looking out at the thin mist that was pressing itself against the glass. It was then, as he stood with his back to the room, that he heard a soft cough behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He froze, nose to nose with his own scared-looking reflection in\lang3081  \lang1033 the dark glass. He knew that cough. He had heard it before. He turned very slowly to face the empty room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello?\rdblquote  he said, trying to sound braver than he felt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a brief moment he allowed himself the impossible hope that nobody would answer him. However, a voice responded at once, a crisp, decisive voice that sounded as though it were reading a pre\-pared statement. It was coming \emdash  as the Prime Minister had known at the first cough \emdash  from the froglike little man wearing a long silver wig who was depicted in a small, dirty oil painting in the far corner of the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To the Prime Minister of Muggles. Urgent we meet. Kindly re\-spond immediately. Sincerely, Fudge.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The man in the painting looked inquiringly at the Prime Minister.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister, \ldblquote listen. \'85 It\rquote s not a very good time for me. \'85 I\rquote m waiting for a telephone call, you see \'85 from the President of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That can be rearranged,\rdblquote  said the portrait at once. The Prime Minister\rquote s heart sank. He had been afraid of that.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I really was rather hoping to speak \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We shall arrange for the President to forget to call. He will tele\-phone tomorrow night instead,\rdblquote  said the little man. \ldblquote Kindly re\-spond immediately to Mr. Fudge.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85 oh \'85 very well,\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister weakly. \ldblquote Yes, I\rquote ll see Fudge.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He hurried back to his desk, straightening his tie as he went. He had barely resumed his seat, and arranged his face into what he hoped was a relaxed and unfazed expression, when bright green flames burst into life in the empty grate beneath his marble man\-telpiece. He watched, trying not to betray a flicker of surprise or\lang3081  \lang1033 alarm, as a portly man appeared within the flames, spinning as fast as a top. Seconds later, he had climbed out onto a rather fine an\-tique rug, brushing ash from the sleeves of his long pin-striped cloak, a lime-green bowler hat in his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah \'85 Prime Minister,\rdblquote  said Cornelius Fudge, striding forward with his hand outstretched. \ldblquote Good to see you again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Prime Minister could not honestly return this compliment, so said nothing at all. He was not remotely pleased to see Fudge, whose occasional appearances, apart from being downright alarm\-ing in themselves, generally meant that he was about to hear some very bad news. Furthermore, Fudge was looking distinctly care\-worn. He was thinner, balder, and grayer, and his face had a crum\-pled look. The Prime Minister had seen that kind of look in politicians before, and it never boded well.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How can I help you?\rdblquote  he said, shaking Fudge\rquote s hand very briefly and gesturing toward the hardest of the chairs in front of the desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Difficult to know where to begin,\rdblquote  muttered Fudge, pulling up the chair, sitting down, and placing his green bowler upon his knees. \ldblquote What a week, what a week \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Had a bad one too, have you?\rdblquote  asked the Prime Minister stiffly, hoping to convey by this that he had quite enough on his plate al\-ready without any extra helpings from Fudge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, of course,\rdblquote  said Fudge, rubbing his eyes wearily and look\-ing morosely at the Prime Minister. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been having the same week you have, Prime Minister. The Brockdale Bridge \'85 the Bones and Vance murders \'85 not to mention the ruckus in the West Country\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  er \emdash  your \emdash  I mean to say, some of your people were \emdash  were involved in those \emdash  those things, were they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge fixed the Prime Minister with a rather stern look. \ldblquote Of course they were,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Surely you\rquote ve realized what\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85\rdblquote  hesitated the Prime Minister.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was precisely this sort of behavior that made him dislike Fudge\rquote s visits so much. He was, after all, the Prime Minister and did not appreciate being made to feel like an ignorant schoolboy. But of course, it had been like this from his very first meeting with Fudge on his very first evening as Prime Minister. He remembered it as though it were yesterday and knew it would haunt him until his dying day.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had been standing alone in this very office, savoring the tri\-umph that was his after so many years of dreaming and scheming, when he had heard a cough behind him, just like tonight, and turned to find that ugly little portrait talking to him, announcing that the Minister of Magic was about to arrive and introduce himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Naturally, he had thought that the long campaign and the strain of the election had caused him to go mad. He had been utterly ter\-rified to find a portrait talking to him, though this had been noth\-ing to how he felt when a self-proclaimed wizard had bounced out of the fireplace and shaken his hand. He had remained speechless throughout Fudge\rquote s kindly explanation that there were witches and wizards still living in secret all over the world and his reassurances that he was not to bother his head about them as the Ministry of Magic took responsibility for the whole Wizarding community and prevented the non-magical population from getting wind of them. It was, said Fudge, a difficult job that encompassed everything from regulations on responsible use of broomsticks to keeping the dragon population under control (the Prime Minister remem\-bered clutching the desk for support at this point). Fudge had then\lang3081  \lang1033 patted the shoulder of the still-dumbstruck Prime Minister in a fa\-therly sort of way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not to worry,\rdblquote  he had said, \ldblquote it\rquote s odds-on you\rquote ll never see me again. I\rquote ll only bother you if there\rquote s something really serious going on our end, something that\rquote s likely to affect the Muggles \emdash  the non-magical population, I should say. Otherwise, it\rquote s live and let live. And I must say, you\rquote re taking it a lot better than your prede\-cessor. \i He\i0  tried to throw me out the window, thought I was a hoax planned by the opposition.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At this, the Prime Minister had found his voice at last. \ldblquote You\rquote re \emdash  you\rquote re \i not\i0  a hoax, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It had been his last, desperate hope.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Fudge gently. \ldblquote No, I\rquote m afraid I\rquote m not. Look.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he had turned the Prime Minister\rquote s teacup into a gerbil.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But,\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister breathlessly, watching his teacup chewing on the corner of his next speech, \ldblquote but why \emdash  why has no\-body told me \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Minister of Magic only reveals him- or herself to the Mug\-gle Prime Minister of the day,\rdblquote  said Fudge, poking his wand back inside his jacket. \ldblquote We find it the best way to maintain secrecy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then,\rdblquote  bleated the Prime Minister, \ldblquote why hasn\rquote t a former Prime Minister warned me \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At this, Fudge had actually laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear Prime Minister, are \i you\i0  ever going to tell anybody?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Still chortling, Fudge had thrown some powder into the fireplace, stepped into the emerald flames, and vanished with a whooshing sound. The Prime Minister had stood there, quite motionless, and re\-alized that he would never, as long as he lived, dare mention this en\-counter to a living soul, for who in the wide world would believe him?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The shock had taken a little while to wear off. For a time, he had tried to convince himself that Fudge had indeed been a hallucina\-tion brought on by lack of sleep during his grueling election cam\-paign. In a vain attempt to rid himself of all reminders of this uncomfortable encounter, he had given the gerbil to his delighted niece and instructed his private secretary to take down the portrait of the ugly little man who had announced Fudge\rquote s arrival. To the Prime Minister\rquote s dismay, however, the portrait had proved impossi\-ble to remove. When several carpenters, a builder or two, an art historian, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer had all tried unsuc\-cessfully to prise it from the wall, the Prime Minister had aban\-doned the attempt and simply resolved to hope that the thing remained motionless and silent for the rest of his term in office. Occasionally he could have sworn he saw out of the corner of his eye the occupant of the painting yawning, or else scratching his nose; even, once or twice, simply walking out of his frame and leav\-ing nothing but a stretch of muddy-brown canvas behind. How\-ever, he had trained himself not to look at the picture very much, and always to tell himself firmly that his eyes were playing tricks on him when anything like this happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then, three years ago, on a night very like tonight, the Prime Minister had been alone in his office when the portrait had once again announced the imminent arrival of Fudge, who had burst out of the fireplace, sopping wet and in a state of considerable panic. Before the Prime Minister could ask why he was dripping all over the Axminster, Fudge had started ranting about a prison the Prime Minister had never heard of, a man named \ldblquote Serious\rdblquote  Black, some\-thing that sounded like \ldblquote Hogwarts,\rdblquote  and a boy called Harry Potter, none of which made the remotest sense to the Prime Minister.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 I\rquote ve just come from Azkaban,\rdblquote  Fudge had panted, tipping a large amount of water out of the rim of his bowler hat into his pocket. \ldblquote Middle of the North Sea, you know, nasty flight\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 the dementors are in uproar\rdblquote  \emdash  he shuddered \emdash  \ldblquote they\rquote ve never had a breakout before. Anyway, I had to come to you, Prime Minister. Black\rquote s a known Muggle killer and may be planning to rejoin You-Know-Who. \'85 But of course, you don\rquote t even know who You-Know-Who is!\rdblquote  He had gazed hopelessly at the Prime Minister for a moment, then said, \ldblquote Well, sit down, sit down, I\rquote d better fill you in. \'85 Have a whiskey \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Prime Minister rather resented being told to sit down in his own office, let alone offered his own whiskey, but he sat neverthe\-less. Fudge pulled out his wand, conjured two large glasses full of amber liquid out of thin air, pushed one of them into the Prime Minister\rquote s hand, and drew up a chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge had talked for more than an hour. At one point, he had refused to say a certain name aloud and wrote it instead on a piece of parchment, which he had thrust into the Prime Minister\rquote s whiskey-free hand. When at last Fudge had stood up to leave, the Prime Minister had stood up too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you think that\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  He had squinted down at the name in his left hand. \ldblquote Lord Vol \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named\i0 !\rdblquote  snarled Fudge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry. \'85 You think that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is still alive, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Dumbledore says he is,\rdblquote  said Fudge, as he had fastened his pin-striped cloak under his chin, \ldblquote but we\rquote ve never found him. If you ask me, he\rquote s not dangerous unless he\rquote s got support, so it\rquote s Black we ought to be worrying about. You\rquote ll put out that warning,\lang3081  \lang1033 then? Excellent. Well, I hope we don\rquote t see each other again, Prime Minister! Good night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But they had seen each other again. Less than a year later a harassed-looking Fudge had appeared out of thin air in the cabinet room to inform the Prime Minister that there had been a spot of bother at the Kwidditch (or that was what it had sounded like) World Cup and that several Muggles had been \ldblquote involved,\rdblquote  but that the Prime Minister was not to worry, the fact that You-Know-Who\rquote s Mark had been seen again meant nothing; Fudge was sure it was an isolated incident, and the Muggle Liaison Office was deal\-ing with all memory modifications as they spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, and I almost forgot,\rdblquote  Fudge had added. \ldblquote We\rquote re importing three foreign dragons and a sphinx for the Triwizard Tournament, quite routine, but the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures tells me that it\rquote s down in the rule book that we have to notify you if we\rquote re bringing highly dangerous creatures into the country.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  what \emdash  \i dragons\i0 ?\rdblquote  spluttered the Prime Minister.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, three,\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote And a sphinx. Well, good day to you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Prime Minister had hoped beyond hope that dragons and sphinxes would be the worst of it, but no. Less than two years later, Fudge had erupted out of the fire yet again, this time with the news that there had been a mass breakout from Azkaban.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A \i mass\i0  breakout?\rdblquote  repeated the Prime Minister hoarsely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No need to worry, no need to worry!\rdblquote  shouted Fudge, already with one foot in the flames. \ldblquote We\rquote ll have them rounded up in no time \emdash  just thought you ought to know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And before the Prime Minister could shout, \ldblquote Now, wait just one moment!\rdblquote  Fudge had vanished in a shower of green sparks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Whatever the press and the opposition might say, the Prime Min\-ister was not a foolish man. It had not escaped his notice that, de\-spite Fudge\rquote s assurances at their first meeting, they were now seeing rather a lot of each other, nor that Fudge was becoming more flus\-tered with each visit. Little though he liked to think about the Min\-ister of Magic (or, as he always called Fudge in his head, the \i Other \i0 Minister), the Prime Minister could not help but fear that the next time Fudge appeared it would be with graver news still. The sight, therefore, of Fudge stepping out of the fire once more, looking di\-sheveled and fretful and sternly surprised that the Prime Minister did not know exactly why he was there, was about the worst thing that had happened in the course of this extremely gloomy week.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How should I know what\rquote s going on in the \emdash  er \emdash  Wizarding community?\rdblquote  snapped the Prime Minister now. \ldblquote I have a country to run and quite enough concerns at the moment without \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We have the same concerns,\rdblquote  Fudge interrupted. \ldblquote The Brock\-dale Bridge didn\rquote t wear out. That wasn\rquote t really a hurricane. Those murders were not the work of Muggles. And Herbert Chorley\rquote s family would be safer without him. We are currently making arrangements to have him transferred to St. Mungo\rquote s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. The move should be effected tonight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you \'85 I\rquote m afraid I \'85 \i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  blustered the Prime Minister.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge took a great, deep breath and said, \ldblquote Prime Minister, I am very sorry to have to tell you that he\rquote s back. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Back? When you say \lquote back\rquote  \'85 he\rquote s alive? I mean \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Prime Minister groped in his memory for the details of that\lang3081  \lang1033 horrible conversation of three years previously, when Fudge had told him about the wizard who was feared above all others, the wiz\-ard who had committed a thousand terrible crimes before his mys\-terious disappearance fifteen years earlier.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, alive,\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote That is \emdash  I don\rquote t know \emdash  is a man alive if he can\rquote t be killed? I don\rquote t really understand it, and Dumble\-dore won\rquote t explain properly \emdash  but anyway, he\rquote s certainly got a body and is walking and talking and killing, so I suppose, for the purposes of our discussion, yes, he\rquote s alive.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Prime Minister did not know what to say to this, but a per\-sistent habit of wishing to appear well-informed on any subject that came up made him cast around for any details he could re\-member of their previous conversations.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is Serious Black with \emdash  er \emdash  He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Black? Black?\rdblquote  said Fudge distractedly, turning his bowler rapidly in his fingers. \ldblquote Sirius Black, you mean? Merlin\rquote s beard, no. Black\rquote s dead. Turns out we were \emdash  er \emdash  mistaken about Black. He was innocent after all. And he wasn\rquote t in league with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named either. I mean,\rdblquote  he added defensively, spin\-ning the bowler hat still faster, \ldblquote all the evidence pointed \emdash  we had more than fifty eyewitnesses \emdash  but anyway, as I say, he\rquote s dead. Murdered, as a matter of fact. On Ministry of Magic premises. There\rquote s going to be an inquiry, actually. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To his great surprise, the Prime Minister felt a fleeting stab of pity for Fudge at this point. It was, however, eclipsed almost im\-mediately by a glow of smugness at the thought that, deficient though he himself might be in the area of materializing out of fire\-places, there had never been a murder in any of the government de\-partments under \i his\i0  charge. \'85 Not yet, anyway \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 While the Prime Minister surreptitiously touched the wood of his desk, Fudge continued, \ldblquote But Black\rquote s by-the-by now. The point is, we\rquote re at war, Prime Minister, and steps must be taken.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At war?\rdblquote  repeated the Prime Minister nervously. \ldblquote Surely that\rquote s a little bit of an overstatement?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named has now been joined by those of his followers who broke out of Azkaban in January,\rdblquote  said Fudge, speaking more and more rapidly and twirling his bowler so fast that it was a lime-green blur. \ldblquote Since they have moved into the open, they have been wreaking havoc. The Brockdale Bridge \emdash  he did it, Prime Minister, he threatened a mass Muggle killing unless I stood aside for him and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good grief, so it\rquote s \i your\i0  fault those people were killed and I\rquote m having to answer questions about rusted rigging and corroded ex\-pansion joints and I don\rquote t know what else!\rdblquote  said the Prime Minis\-ter furiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i My\i0  fault!\rdblquote  said Fudge, coloring up. \ldblquote Are you saying you would have caved in to blackmail like that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe not,\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister, standing up and striding about the room, \ldblquote but I would have put all my efforts into catching the blackmailer before he committed any such atrocity!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you really think I wasn\rquote t already making every effort?\rdblquote  de\-manded Fudge heatedly. \ldblquote Every Auror in the Ministry was \emdash  and is \emdash  trying to find him and round up his followers, but we happen to be talking about one of the most powerful wizards of all time, a wizard who has eluded capture for almost three decades!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So I suppose you\rquote re going to tell me he caused the hurricane in the West Country too?\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister, his temper rising with every pace he took. It was infuriating to discover the reason\lang3081  \lang1033 for all these terrible disasters and not to be able to tell the public, almost worse than it being the government\rquote s fault after all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was no hurricane,\rdblquote  said Fudge miserably.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excuse me!\rdblquote  barked the Prime Minister, now positively stamp\-ing up and down. \ldblquote Trees uprooted, roofs ripped off, lampposts bent, horrible injuries \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was the Death Eaters,\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named\rquote s followers. And \'85 and we suspect giant involvement.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Prime Minister stopped in his tracks as though he had hit an invisible wall. \ldblquote\i What\i0  involvement?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge grimaced. \ldblquote He used giants last time, when he wanted to go for the grand effect,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote The Office of Misinformation has been working around the clock, we\rquote ve had teams of Obliviators out trying to modify the memories of all the Muggles who saw what really happened, we\rquote ve got most of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures running around Somerset, but we can\rquote t find the giant \emdash  it\rquote s been a disaster.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t say!\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister furiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I won\rquote t deny that morale is pretty low at the Ministry,\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote What with all that, and then losing Amelia Bones.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Losing who?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Amelia Bones. Head of the Department of Magical Law En\-forcement. We think He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named may have murdered her in person, because she was a very gifted witch and \emdash  and all the evidence was that she put up a real fight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge cleared his throat and, with an effort, it seemed, stopped spinning his bowler hat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But that murder was in the newspapers,\rdblquote  said the Prime Minis\-ter, momentarily diverted from his anger. \ldblquote\i Our\i0  newspapers. Amelia\lang3081  \lang1033 Bones \'85 it just said she was a middle-aged woman who lived alone. It was a \emdash  a nasty killing, wasn\rquote t it? It\rquote s had rather a lot of publicity. The police are baffled, you see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge sighed. \ldblquote Well, of course they are,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Killed in a room that was locked from the inside, wasn\rquote t she? We, on the other hand, know exactly who did it, not that that gets us any further to\-ward catching him. And then there was Emmeline Vance, maybe you didn\rquote t hear about that one \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes I did!\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister. \ldblquote It happened just around the corner from here, as a matter of fact. The papers had a field day with it, \lquote breakdown of law and order in the Prime Minis\-ter\rquote s backyard \emdash\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And as if all that wasn\rquote t enough,\rdblquote  said Fudge, barely listening to the Prime Minister, \ldblquote we\rquote ve got dementors swarming all over the place, attacking people left, right, and center. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once upon a happier time this sentence would have been unin\-telligible to the Prime Minister, but he was wiser now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought dementors guard the prisoners in Azkaban,\rdblquote  he said cautiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They did,\rdblquote  said Fudge wearily. \ldblquote But not anymore. They\rquote ve deserted the prison and joined He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. I won\rquote t pretend that wasn\rquote t a blow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But,\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister, with a sense of dawning horror, \ldblquote didn\rquote t you tell me they\rquote re the creatures that drain hope and happi\-ness out of people?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right. And they\rquote re breeding. That\rquote s what\rquote s causing all this mist.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Prime Minister sank, weak-kneed, into the nearest chair. The idea of invisible creatures swooping through the towns and\lang3081  \lang1033 countryside, spreading despair and hopelessness in his voters, made him feel quite faint.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now see here, Fudge \emdash  you\rquote ve got to do something! It\rquote s your responsibility as Minister of Magic!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear Prime Minister, you can\rquote t honestly think I\rquote m still Min\-ister of Magic after all this? I was sacked three days ago! The whole Wizarding community has been screaming for my resignation for a fortnight. I\rquote ve never known them so united in my whole term of office!\rdblquote  said Fudge, with a brave attempt at a smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Prime Minister was momentarily lost for words. Despite his indignation at the position into which he had been placed, he still rather felt for the shrunken-looking man sitting opposite him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m very sorry,\rdblquote  he said finally. \ldblquote If there\rquote s anything I can do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s very kind of you, Prime Minister, but there is nothing. I was sent here tonight to bring you up to date on recent events and to in\-troduce you to my successor. I rather thought he\rquote d be here by now, but of course, he\rquote s very busy at the moment, with so much going on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge looked around at the portrait of the ugly little man wear\-ing the long curly silver wig, who was digging in his ear with the point of a quill. Catching Fudge\rquote s eye, the portrait said, \ldblquote He\rquote ll be here in a moment, he\rquote s just finishing a letter to Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wish him luck,\rdblquote  said Fudge, sounding bitter for the first time. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been writing to Dumbledore twice a day for the past fortnight, but he won\rquote t budge. If he\rquote d just been prepared to persuade the boy, I might still be \'85\lang3081  \lang1033 Well, maybe Scrimgeour will have more success.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge subsided into what was clearly an aggrieved silence, but it was broken almost immediately by the portrait, which suddenly spoke in its crisp, official voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To the Prime Minister of Muggles. Requesting a meeting.\lang3081  \lang1033 Urgent. Kindly respond immediately. Rufus Scrimgeour, Minister of Magic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, yes, fine,\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister distractedly, and he barely flinched as the flames in the grate turned emerald green again, rose up, and revealed a second spinning wizard in their heart, disgorging him moments later onto the antique rug.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge got to his feet and, after a moment\rquote s hesitation, the Prime Minister did the same, watching the new arrival straighten up, dust down his long black robes, and look around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Prime Minister\rquote s first, foolish thought was that Rufus Scrimgeour looked rather like an old lion. There were streaks of gray in his mane of tawny hair and his bushy eyebrows; he had keen yellowish eyes behind a pair of wire-rimmed spectacles and a certain rangy, loping grace even though he walked with a slight limp. There was an immediate impression of shrewdness and toughness; the Prime Minister thought he understood why the Wizarding community preferred Scrimgeour to Fudge as a leader in these dangerous times.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you do?\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister politely, holding out his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour grasped it briefly, his eyes scanning the room, then pulled out a wand from under his robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fudge told you everything?\rdblquote  he asked, striding over to the door and tapping the keyhole with his wand. The Prime Minister heard the lock click.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  yes,\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister. \ldblquote And if you don\rquote t mind, I\rquote d rather that door remained unlocked.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d rather not be interrupted,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour shortly, \ldblquote or watched,\rdblquote  he added, pointing his wand at the windows, so that the\lang3081  \lang1033 curtains swept across them. \ldblquote Right, well, I\rquote m a busy man, so let\rquote s get down to business. First of all, we need to discuss your security.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Prime Minister drew himself up to his fullest height and replied, \ldblquote I am perfectly happy with the security I\rquote ve already got, thank you very \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we\rquote re not,\rdblquote  Scrimgeour cut in. \ldblquote It\rquote ll be a poor lookout for the Muggles if their Prime Minister gets put under the Imperius Curse. The new secretary in your outer office \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not getting rid of Kingsley Shacklebolt, if that\rquote s what you\rquote re suggesting!\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister hotly. \ldblquote He\rquote s highly efficient, gets through twice the work the rest of them \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s because he\rquote s a wizard,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, without a flicker of a smile. \ldblquote A highly trained Auror, who has been assigned to you for your protection.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, wait a moment!\rdblquote  declared the Prime Minister. \ldblquote You can\rquote t just put your people into my office, I decide who works for me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you were happy with Shacklebolt?\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am \emdash  that\rquote s to say, I was \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then there\rquote s no problem, is there?\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85 well, as long as Shacklebolt\rquote s work continues to be \'85 er \'85 excellent,\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister lamely, but Scrimgeour barely seemed to hear him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, about Herbert Chorley, your Junior Minister,\rdblquote  he contin\-ued. \ldblquote The one who has been entertaining the public by imperson\-ating a duck.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about him?\rdblquote  asked the Prime Minister.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He has clearly reacted to a poorly performed Imperius Curse,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour. \ldblquote It\rquote s addled his brains, but he could still be dangerous.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s only quacking!\rdblquote  said the Prime Minister weakly. \ldblquote Surely a bit of a rest\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Maybe go easy on the drink \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A team of Healers from St. Mungo\rquote s Hospital for Magical Mal\-adies and Injuries are examining him as we speak. So far he has at\-tempted to strangle three of them,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour. \ldblquote I think it best that we remove him from Muggle society for a while.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 He\rquote ll be all right, won\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said the Prime Min\-ister anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour merely shrugged, already moving back toward the fireplace.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s really all I had to say. I will keep you posted of de\-velopments, Prime Minister \emdash  or, at least, I shall probably be too busy to come personally, in which case I shall send Fudge here. He has consented to stay on in an advisory capacity.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge attempted to smile, but was unsuccessful; he merely looked as though he had a toothache. Scrimgeour was already rum\-maging in his pocket for the mysterious powder that turned the fire green. The Prime Minister gazed hopelessly at the pair of them for a moment, then the words he had fought to suppress all evening burst from him at last.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But for heaven\rquote s sake \emdash  you\rquote re \i wizards\i0 ! You can do \i magic\i0 ! Surely you can sort out \emdash  well \emdash  \i anything\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour turned slowly on the spot and exchanged an incred\-ulous look with Fudge, who really did manage a smile this time as he said kindly, \ldblquote The trouble is, the other side can do magic too, Prime Minister.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And with that, the two wizards stepped one after the other into the bright green fire and vanished.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 2\par
\pard\qc Spinner\rquote s End\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Many miles away the chilly mist that had pressed against the Prime Minister\rquote s windows drifted over a dirty river that wound between overgrown, rubbish-strewn banks. An immense chimney, relic of a disused mill, reared up, shadowy and ominous. There was no sound apart from the whisper of the black water and no sign of life apart from a scrawny fox that had slunk down the bank to nose hopefully at some old fish-and-chip wrap\-pings in the tall grass.\par
But then, with a very faint \i pop,\i0  a slim, hooded figure appeared out of thin air on the edge of the river. The fox froze, wary eyes fixed upon this strange new phenomenon. The figure seemed to take its bearings for a few moments, then set off with light, quick strides, its long cloak rustling over the grass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a second and louder \i pop,\i0  another hooded figure materi\-alized.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The harsh cry startled the fox, now crouching almost flat in the undergrowth. It leapt from its hiding place and up the bank. There was a flash of green light, a yelp, and the fox fell back to the ground, dead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The second figure turned over the animal with its toe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just a fox,\rdblquote  said a woman\rquote s voice dismissively from under the hood. \ldblquote I thought perhaps an Auror \emdash  Cissy, wait!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But her quarry, who had paused and looked back at the flash of light, was already scrambling up the bank the fox had just fallen down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cissy \emdash  Narcissa \emdash  listen to me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The second woman caught the first and seized her arm, but the other wrenched it away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go back, Bella!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You must listen to me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve listened already. I\rquote ve made my decision. Leave me alone!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The woman named Narcissa gained the top of the bank, where a line of old railings separated the river from a narrow, cobbled street. The other woman, Bella, followed at once. Side by side they stood looking across the road at the rows and rows of dilapidated brick houses, their windows dull and blind in the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He lives here?\rdblquote  asked Bella in a voice of contempt. \ldblquote\i Here\i0 ? In this Muggle dunghill? We must be the first of our kind ever to set foot \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Narcissa was not listening; she had slipped through a gap in the rusty railings and was already hurrying across the road.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cissy, \i wait\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bella followed, her cloak streaming behind, and saw Narcissa darting through an alley between the houses into a second, almost\lang3081  \lang1033 identical street. Some of the streetlamps were broken; the two women were running between patches of light and deep darkness. The pursuer caught up with her prey just as she turned another corner, this time succeeding in catching hold of her arm and swing\-ing her around so that they faced each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cissy, you must not do this, you can\rquote t trust him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord trusts him, doesn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord is \'85 I believe \'85 mistaken,\rdblquote  Bella panted, and her eyes gleamed momentarily under her hood as she looked around to check that they were indeed alone. \ldblquote In any case, we were told not to speak of the plan to anyone. This is a betrayal of the Dark Lord\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let go, Bella!\rdblquote  snarled Narcissa, and she drew a wand from be\-neath her cloak, holding it threateningly in the other\rquote s face. Bella merely laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cissy, your own sister? You wouldn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is nothing I wouldn\rquote t do anymore!\rdblquote  Narcissa breathed, a note of hysteria in her voice, and as she brought down the wand like a knife, there was another flash of light. Bella let go of her sis\-ter\rquote s arm as though burned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Narcissa\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Narcissa had rushed ahead. Rubbing her hand, her pursuer followed again, keeping her distance now, as they moved deeper into the deserted labyrinth of brick houses. At last, Narcissa hur\-ried up a street named Spinner\rquote s End, over which the towering mill chimney seemed to hover like a giant admonitory finger. Her foot\-steps echoed on the cobbles as she passed boarded and broken win\-dows, until she reached the very last house, where a dim light glimmered through the curtains in a downstairs room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She had knocked on the door before Bella, cursing under her breath, had caught up. Together they stood waiting, panting slightly, breathing in the smell of the dirty river that was carried to them on the night breeze. After a few seconds, they heard move\-ment behind the door and it opened a crack. A sliver of a man could be seen looking out at them, a man with long black hair parted in curtains around a sallow face and black eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Narcissa threw back her hood. She was so pale that she seemed to shine in the darkness; the long blonde hair streaming down her back gave her the look of a drowned person.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Narcissa!\rdblquote  said the man, opening the door a little wider, so that the light fell upon her and her sister too. \ldblquote What a pleasant sur\-prise!\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus,\rdblquote  she said in a strained whisper. \ldblquote May I speak to you? It\rquote s urgent.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But of course.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stood back to allow her to pass him into the house. Her still-hooded sister followed without invitation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape,\rdblquote  she said curtly as she passed him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bellatrix,\rdblquote  he replied, his thin mouth curling into a slightly mocking smile as he closed the door with a snap behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had stepped directly into a tiny sitting room, which had the feeling of a dark, padded cell. The walls were completely cov\-ered in books, most of them bound in old black or brown leather; a threadbare sofa, an old armchair, and a rickety table stood grouped together in a pool of dim light cast by a candle-filled lamp hung from the ceiling. The place had an air of neglect, as though it was not usually inhabited.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape gestured Narcissa to the sofa. She threw off her cloak, cast\lang3081  \lang1033 it aside, and sat down, staring at her white and trembling hands clasped in her lap. Bellatrix lowered her hood more slowly. Dark as her sister was fair, with heavily lidded eyes and a strong jaw, she did not take her gaze from Snape as she moved to stand behind Narcissa.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, what can I do for you?\rdblquote  Snape asked, settling himself in the armchair opposite the two sisters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We \'85 we are alone, aren\rquote t we?\rdblquote  Narcissa asked quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, of course. Well, Wormtail\rquote s here, but we\rquote re not counting vermin, are we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pointed his wand at the wall of books behind him and with a bang, a hidden door flew open, revealing a narrow staircase upon which a small man stood frozen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As you have clearly realized, Wormtail, we have guests,\rdblquote  said Snape lazily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The man crept, hunchbacked, down the last few steps and moved into the room. He had small, watery eyes, a pointed nose, and wore an unpleasant simper. His left hand was caressing his right, which looked as though it was encased in a bright silver glove.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Narcissa!\rdblquote  he said, in a squeaky voice. \ldblquote And Bellatrix! How charming \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wormtail will get us drinks, if you\rquote d like them,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote And then he will return to his bedroom.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wormtail winced as though Snape had thrown something at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am not your servant!\rdblquote  he squeaked, avoiding Snape\rquote s eye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really? I was under the impression that the Dark Lord placed you here to assist me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To assist, yes \emdash  but not to make you drinks and \emdash  and clean your house!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had no idea, Wormtail, that you were craving more dangerous assignments,\rdblquote  said Snape silkily. \ldblquote This can be easily arranged: I shall speak to the Dark Lord \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can speak to him myself if I want to!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course you can,\rdblquote  said Snape, sneering. \ldblquote But in the mean\-time, bring us drinks. Some of the elf-made wine will do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wormtail hesitated for a moment, looking as though he might argue, but then turned and headed through a second hidden door. They heard banging and a clinking of glasses. Within seconds he was back, bearing a dusty bottle and three glasses upon a tray. He dropped these on the rickety table and scurried from their pres\-ence, slamming the book-covered door behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape poured out three glasses of bloodred wine and handed two of them to the sisters. Narcissa murmured a word of thanks, whilst Bellatrix said nothing, but continued to glower at Snape. This did not seem to discompose him; on the contrary, he looked rather amused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord,\rdblquote  he said, raising his glass and draining it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sisters copied him. Snape refilled their glasses. As Narcissa took her second drink she said in a rush, \ldblquote Severus, I\rquote m sorry to come here like this, but I had to see you. I think you are the only one who can help me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape held up a hand to stop her, then pointed his wand again at the concealed staircase door. There was a loud bang and a squeal, followed by the sound of Wormtail scurrying back up the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My apologies,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote He has lately taken to listening at\lang3081  \lang1033 doors, I don\rquote t know what he means by it. \'85 You were saying, Narcissa?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She took a great, shuddering breath and started again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus, I know I ought not to be here, I have been told to say nothing to anyone, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then you ought to hold your tongue!\rdblquote  snarled Bellatrix. \ldblquote Par\-ticularly in present company!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Present company\rquote ?\rdblquote  repeated Snape sardonically. \ldblquote And what am I to understand by that, Bellatrix?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That I don\rquote t trust you, Snape, as you very well know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Narcissa let out a noise that might have been a dry sob and cov\-ered her face with her hands. Snape set his glass down upon the table and sat back again, his hands upon the arms of his chair, smil\-ing into Bellatrix\rquote s glowering face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Narcissa, I think we ought to hear what Bellatrix is bursting to say; it will save tedious interruptions. Well, continue, Bellatrix,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote Why is it that you do not trust me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A hundred reasons!\rdblquote  she said loudly, striding out from behind the sofa to slam her glass upon the table. \ldblquote Where to start! Where were you when the Dark Lord fell? Why did you never make any attempt to find him when he vanished? What have you been doing all these years that you\rquote ve lived in Dumbledore\rquote s pocket? Why did you stop the Dark Lord procuring the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone? Why did you not return at once when the Dark Lord was reborn? Where were you a few weeks ago when we battled to retrieve the prophecy for the Dark Lord? And why, Snape, is Harry Potter still alive, when you have had him at your mercy for five years?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She paused, her chest rising and falling rapidly, the color high in\lang3081  \lang1033 her cheeks. Behind her, Narcissa sat motionless, her face still hid\-den in her hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Before I answer you \emdash  oh yes, Bellatrix, I am going to answer! You can carry my words back to the others who whisper behind my back, and carry false tales of my treachery to the Dark Lord! Before I answer you, I say, let me ask a question in turn. Do you really think that the Dark Lord has not asked me each and every one of those questions? And do you really think that, had I not been able to give satisfactory answers, I would be sitting here talking to you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She hesitated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know he believes you, but\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think he is mistaken? Or that I have somehow hoodwinked him? Fooled the Dark Lord, the greatest wizard, the most accom\-plished Legilimens the world has ever seen?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix said nothing, but looked, for the first time, a little dis\-comfited. Snape did not press the point. He picked up his drink again, sipped it, and continued, \ldblquote You ask where I was when the Dark Lord fell. I was where he had ordered me to be, at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, because he wished me to spy upon Albus Dumbledore. You know, I presume, that it was on the Dark Lord\rquote s orders that I took up the post?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She nodded almost imperceptibly and then opened her mouth, but Snape forestalled her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You ask why I did not attempt to find him when he vanished. For the same reason that Avery, Yaxley, the Carrows, Greyback, Lu\-cius\rdblquote  \emdash  he inclined his head slightly to Narcissa \emdash  \ldblquote and many others did not attempt to find him. I believed him finished. I am not proud of it, I was wrong, but there it is. \'85 If he had not\lang3081  \lang1033 forgiven we who lost faith at that time, he would have very few fol\-lowers left.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote d have me!\rdblquote  said Bellatrix passionately. \ldblquote I, who spent many years in Azkaban for him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, indeed, most admirable,\rdblquote  said Snape in a bored voice. \ldblquote Of course, you weren\rquote t a lot of use to him in prison, but the gesture was undoubtedly fine \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gesture!\rdblquote  she shrieked; in her fury she looked slightly mad. \ldblquote While I endured the dementors, you remained at Hogwarts, com\-fortably playing Dumbledore\rquote s pet!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not quite,\rdblquote  said Snape calmly. \ldblquote He wouldn\rquote t give me the De\-fense Against the Dark Arts job, you know. Seemed to think it might, ah, bring about a relapse \'85 tempt me into my old ways.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This was your sacrifice for the Dark Lord, not to teach your fa\-vorite subject?\rdblquote  she jeered. \ldblquote Why did you stay there all that time, Snape? Still spying on Dumbledore for a master you believed dead?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hardly,\rdblquote  said Snape, \ldblquote although the Dark Lord is pleased that I never deserted my post: I had sixteen years of information on Dumbledore to give him when he returned, a rather more useful welcome-back present than endless reminiscences of how unpleas\-ant Azkaban is. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you stayed \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Bellatrix, I stayed,\rdblquote  said Snape, betraying a hint of impa\-tience for the first time. \ldblquote I had a comfortable job that I preferred to a stint in Azkaban. They were rounding up the Death Eaters, you know. Dumbledore\rquote s protection kept me out of jail; it was most convenient and I used it. I repeat: The Dark Lord does not com\-plain that I stayed, so I do not see why you do.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think you next wanted to know,\rdblquote  he pressed on, a little more loudly, for Bellatrix showed every sign of interrupting, \ldblquote why I stood between the Dark Lord and the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone. That is eas\-ily answered. He did not know whether he could trust me. He thought, like you, that I had turned from faithful Death Eater to Dumbledore\rquote s stooge. He was in a pitiable condition, very weak, sharing the body of a mediocre wizard. He did not dare reveal him\-self to a former ally if that ally might turn him over to Dumbledore or the Ministry. I deeply regret that he did not trust me. He would have returned to power three years sooner. As it was, I saw only greedy and unworthy Quirrell attempting to steal the stone and, I admit, I did all I could to thwart him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix\rquote s mouth twisted as though she had taken an unpleasant dose of medicine.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you didn\rquote t return when he came back, you didn\rquote t fly back to him at once when you felt the Dark Mark burn \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Correct. I returned two hours later. I returned on Dumble\-dore\rquote s orders.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote On Dumbledore\rquote s \emdash  ?\rdblquote  she began, in tones of outrage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Think!\rdblquote  said Snape, impatient again. \ldblquote Think! By waiting two hours, just two hours, I ensured that I could remain at Hogwarts as a spy! By allowing Dumbledore to think that I was only returning to the Dark Lord\rquote s side because I was ordered to, I have been able to pass information on Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix ever since! Consider, Bellatrix: The Dark Mark had been growing stronger for months. I knew he must be about to return, all the Death Eaters knew! I had plenty of time to think about what I wanted to do, to plan my next move, to escape like Karkaroff, didn\rquote t I?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord\rquote s initial displeasure at my lateness vanished\lang3081  \lang1033 entirely, I assure you, when I explained that I remained faithful, al\-though Dumbledore thought I was his man. Yes, the Dark Lord thought that I had left him forever, but he was wrong.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what use have you been?\rdblquote  sneered Bellatrix. \ldblquote What useful information have we had from you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My information has been conveyed directly to the Dark Lord,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote If he chooses not to share it with you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He shares everything with me!\rdblquote  said Bellatrix, firing up at once. \ldblquote He calls me his most loyal, his most faithful \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does he?\rdblquote  said Snape, his voice delicately inflected to suggest his disbelief. \ldblquote Does he \i still,\i0  after the fiasco at the Ministry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was not my fault!\rdblquote  said Bellatrix, flushing. \ldblquote The Dark Lord has, in the past, entrusted me with his most precious \emdash  if Lucius hadn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you dare \emdash  don\rquote t you \i dare\i0  blame my husband!\rdblquote  said Narcissa, in a low and deadly voice, looking up at her sister.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is no point apportioning blame,\rdblquote  said Snape smoothly. \ldblquote What is done, is done.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But not by you!\rdblquote  said Bellatrix furiously. \ldblquote No, you were once again absent while the rest of us ran dangers, were you not, Snape?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My orders were to remain behind,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote Perhaps you disagree with the Dark Lord, perhaps you think that Dumbledore would not have noticed if I had joined forces with the Death Eaters to fight the Order of the Phoenix? And \emdash  forgive me \emdash  you speak of dangers \'85 you were facing six teenagers, were you not?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They were joined, as you very well know, by half of the Order before long!\rdblquote  snarled Bellatrix. \ldblquote And, while we are on the subject of the Order, you still claim you cannot reveal the whereabouts of their headquarters, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am not the Secret-Keeper; I cannot speak the name of the place. You understand how the enchantment works, I think? The Dark Lord is satisfied with the information I have passed him on the Order. It led, as perhaps you have guessed, to the recent capture and murder of Emmeline Vance, and it certainly helped dispose of Sirius Black, though I give you full credit for finishing him off.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He inclined his head and toasted her. Her expression did not soften.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are avoiding my last question, Snape. Harry Potter. You could have killed him at any point in the past five years. You have not done it. Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you discussed this matter with the Dark Lord?\rdblquote  asked Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He \'85 lately, we \'85 I am asking you, Snape!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I had murdered Harry Potter, the Dark Lord could not have used his blood to regenerate, making him invincible \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You claim you foresaw his use of the boy!\rdblquote  she jeered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do not claim it; I had no idea of his plans; I have already con\-fessed that I thought the Dark Lord dead. I am merely trying to ex\-plain why the Dark Lord is not sorry that Potter survived, at least until a year ago. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why did you keep him alive?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you not understood me? It was only Dumbledore\rquote s pro\-tection that was keeping me out of Azkaban! Do you disagree that murdering his favorite student might have turned him against me? But there was more to it than that. I should remind you that when Potter first arrived at Hogwarts there were still many stories circu\-lating about him, rumors that he himself was a great Dark wizard, which was how he had survived the Dark Lord\rquote s attack. Indeed,\lang3081  \lang1033 many of the Dark Lord\rquote s old followers thought Potter might be a standard around which we could all rally once more. I was curious, I admit it, and not at all inclined to murder him the moment he set foot in the castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, it became apparent to me very quickly that he had no extraordinary talent at all. He has fought his way out of a num\-ber of tight corners by a simple combination of sheer luck and more talented friends. He is mediocre to the last degree, though as obnoxious and self-satisfied as was his father before him. I have done my utmost to have him thrown out of Hogwarts, where I be\-lieve he scarcely belongs, but kill him, or allow him to be killed in front of me? I would have been a fool to risk it with Dumbledore close at hand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And through all this we are supposed to believe Dumbledore has never suspected you?\rdblquote  asked Bellatrix. \ldblquote He has no idea of your true allegiance, he trusts you implicitly still?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\ldblquote I \lang1033 have played my part well,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote And you overlook Dumbledore\rquote s greatest weakness: He has to believe the best of peo\-ple. I spun him a tale of deepest remorse when I joined his staff, fresh from my Death Eater days, and he embraced me with open arms \emdash  though, as I say, never allowing me nearer the Dark Arts than he could help. Dumbledore has been a great wizard \emdash  oh yes, he has,\rdblquote  (for Bellatrix had made a scathing noise), \ldblquote the Dark Lord acknowledges it. I am pleased to say, however, that Dumbledore is growing old. The duel with the Dark Lord last month shook him. He has since sustained a serious injury because his reactions are slower than they once were. But through all these years, he has never stopped trusting Severus Snape, and therein lies my great value to the Dark Lord.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix still looked unhappy, though she appeared unsure how best to attack Snape next. Taking advantage of her silence, Snape turned to her sister.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now \'85 you came to ask me for help, Narcissa?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Narcissa looked up at him, her face eloquent with despair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Severus. I \emdash  I think you are the only one who can help me, I have nowhere else to turn. Lucius is in jail and \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She closed her eyes and two large tears seeped from beneath her eyelids.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord has forbidden me to speak of it,\rdblquote  Narcissa con\-tinued, her eyes still closed. \ldblquote He wishes none to know of the plan. It is \'85 very secret. But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If he has forbidden it, you ought not to speak,\rdblquote  said Snape at once. \ldblquote The Dark Lord\rquote s word is law.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Narcissa gasped as though he had doused her with cold water. Bellatrix looked satisfied for the first time since she had entered the house.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There!\rdblquote  she said triumphantly to her sister. \ldblquote Even Snape says so: You were told not to talk, so hold your silence!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Snape had gotten to his feet and strode to the small window, peered through the curtains at the deserted street, then closed them again with a jerk. He turned around to face Narcissa, frowning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It so happens that I know of the plan,\rdblquote  he said in a low voice. \ldblquote I am one of the few the Dark Lord has told. Nevertheless, had I not been in on the secret, Narcissa, you would have been guilty of great treachery to the Dark Lord.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you must know about it!\rdblquote  said Narcissa, breathing more freely. \ldblquote He trusts you so, Severus. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know about the plan?\rdblquote  said Bellatrix, her fleeting expres\-sion of satisfaction replaced by a look of outrage. \ldblquote\i You\i0  know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote But what help do you require, Nar\-cissa? If you are imagining I can persuade the Dark Lord to change his mind, I am afraid there is no hope, none at all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus,\rdblquote  she whispered, tears sliding down her pale cheeks. \ldblquote My son \'85 my only son \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Draco should be proud,\rdblquote  said Bellatrix indifferently. \ldblquote The Dark Lord is granting him a great honor. And I will say this for Draco: He isn\rquote t shrinking away from his duty, he seems glad of a chance to prove himself, excited at the prospect \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Narcissa began to cry in earnest, gazing beseechingly all the while at Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s because he is sixteen and has no idea what lies in store! Why, Severus? Why my son? It is too dangerous! This is vengeance for Lucius\rquote s mistake, I know it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape said nothing. He looked away from the sight of her tears as though they were indecent, but he could not pretend not to hear her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s why he\rquote s chosen Draco, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  she persisted. \ldblquote To pun\-ish Lucius?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If Draco succeeds,\rdblquote  said Snape, still looking away from her, \ldblquote he will be honored above all others.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he won\rquote t succeed!\rdblquote  sobbed Narcissa. \ldblquote How can he, when the Dark Lord himself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix gasped; Narcissa seemed to lose her nerve.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I only meant\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 that nobody has yet succeeded. \'85 Severus \'85 please \'85 You are, you have always been, Draco\rquote s favorite\lang3081  \lang1033 teacher. \'85 You are Lucius\rquote s old friend. \'85 I beg you. \'85 You are the Dark Lord\rquote s favorite, his most trusted advisor. \'85 Will you speak to him, persuade him \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord will not be persuaded, and I am not stupid enough to attempt it,\rdblquote  said Snape flatly. \ldblquote I cannot pretend that the Dark Lord is not angry with Lucius. Lucius was supposed to be in charge. He got himself captured, along with how many others, and failed to retrieve the prophecy into the bargain. Yes, the Dark Lord is angry, Narcissa, very angry indeed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then I am right, he has chosen Draco in revenge!\rdblquote  choked Narcissa. \ldblquote He does not mean him to succeed, he wants him to be killed trying!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Snape said nothing, Narcissa seemed to lose what little self-restraint she still possessed. Standing up, she staggered to Snape and seized the front of his robes. Her face close to his, her tears falling onto his chest, she gasped, \ldblquote You could do it. \i You\i0  could do it instead of Draco, Severus. You would succeed, of course you would, and he would reward you beyond all of us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape caught hold of her wrists and removed her clutching hands. Looking down into her tearstained face, he said slowly, \ldblquote He intends me to do it in the end, I think. But he is determined that Draco should try first. You see, in the unlikely event that Draco succeeds, I shall be able to remain at Hogwarts a little longer, ful\-filling my useful role as spy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In other words, it doesn\rquote t matter to him if Draco is killed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord is very angry,\rdblquote  repeated Snape quietly. \ldblquote He failed to hear the prophecy. You know as well as I do, Narcissa, that he does not forgive easily.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She crumpled, falling at his feet, sobbing and moaning on the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My only son \'85 my only son \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You should be proud!\rdblquote  said Bellatrix ruthlessly. \ldblquote If I had sons, I would be glad to give them up to the service of the Dark Lord!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Narcissa gave a little scream of despair and clutched at her long blonde hair. Snape stooped, seized her by the arms, lifted her up, and steered her back onto the sofa. He then poured her more wine and forced the glass into her hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Narcissa, that\rquote s enough. Drink this. Listen to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She quieted a little; slopping wine down herself, she took a shaky sip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It might be possible \'85 for me to help Draco.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She sat up, her face paper-white, her eyes huge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus \emdash  oh, Severus \emdash  you would help him? Would you look after him, see he comes to no harm?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I can try.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She flung away her glass; it skidded across the table as she slid off the sofa into a kneeling position at Snape\rquote s feet, seized his hand in both of hers, and pressed her lips to it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you are there to protect him \'85 Severus, will you swear it? Will you make the Unbreakable Vow?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Unbreakable Vow?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape\rquote s expression was blank, unreadable. Bellatrix, however, let out a cackle of triumphant laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aren\rquote t you listening, Narcissa? Oh, he\rquote ll \i try,\i0  I\rquote m sure. \'85 The usual empty words, the usual slithering out of action \'85 oh, on the Dark Lord\rquote s orders, of course!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape did not look at Bellatrix. His black eyes were fixed upon Narcissa\rquote s tear-filled blue ones as she continued to clutch his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly, Narcissa, I shall make the Unbreakable Vow,\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote Perhaps your sister will consent to be our Bonder.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix\rquote s mouth fell open. Snape lowered himself so that he was kneeling opposite Narcissa. Beneath Bellatrix\rquote s astonished gaze, they grasped right hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will need your wand, Bellatrix,\rdblquote  said Snape coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She drew it, still looking astonished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you will need to move a little closer,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stepped forward so that she stood over them, and placed the tip of her wand on their linked hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Narcissa spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Will you, Severus, watch over my son, Draco, as he attempts to fulfill the Dark Lord\rquote s wishes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I will,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A thin tongue of brilliant flame issued from the wand and wound its way around their hands like a red-hot wire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And will you, to the best of your ability, protect him from harm?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I will,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A second tongue of flame shot from the wand and interlinked with the first, making a fine, glowing chain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And, should it prove necessary\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 if it seems Draco will fail\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  whispered Narcissa (Snape\rquote s hand twitched within hers, but he did not draw away), \ldblquote will you carry out the deed that the Dark Lord has ordered Draco to perform?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a moment\rquote s silence. Bellatrix watched, her wand upon their clasped hands, her eyes wide.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I will,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix\rquote s astounded face glowed red in the blaze of a third tongue of flame, which shot from the wand, twisted with the oth\-ers, and bound itself thickly around their clasped hands, like a rope, like a fiery snake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 3\par
\pard\qc Will and Won\rquote t\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry Potter was snoring loudly. He had been sitting in a chair beside his bedroom window for the best part of four hours, staring out at the darkening street, and had finally fallen asleep with one side of his face pressed against the cold win\-dowpane, his glasses askew and his mouth wide open. The misty fug his breath had left on the window sparkled in the orange glare of the streetlamp outside, and the artificial light drained his face of all color, so that he looked ghostly beneath his shock of untidy black hair.\par
The room was strewn with various possessions and a good smattering of rubbish. Owl feathers, apple cores, and sweet wrappers littered the floor, a number of spellbooks lay higgledy-piggledy among the tangled robes on his bed, and a mess of newspapers sat in a puddle of light on his desk. The headline of one blared:\par
\lang3081\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 HARRY POTTER: THE CHOSEN ONE?\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj Rumors continue to fly about the mysterious re\-cent disturbance at the Ministry of Magic, during which He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was sighted once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not allowed to talk about it, don\rquote t ask me anything,\rdblquote  said one agitated Obliviator, who re\-fused to give his name as he left the Ministry last night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nevertheless, highly placed sources within the Ministry have confirmed that the disturbance cen\-tered on the fabled Hall of Prophecy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Though Ministry spokeswizards have hitherto refused even to confirm the existence of such a place, a growing number of the Wizarding commu\-nity believe that the Death Eaters now serving sen\-tences in Azkaban for trespass and attempted theft were attempting to steal a prophecy. The nature of that prophecy is unknown, although speculation is rife that it concerns Harry Potter, the only person ever known to have survived the Killing Curse, and who is also known to have been at the Ministry on the night in question. Some are going so far as to call Potter \ldblquote the Chosen One,\rdblquote  believing that the prophecy names him as the only one who will be able to rid us of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The current whereabouts of the prophecy, if it exists, are unknown, although (\i ctd. page 2, column 5\i0 )\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A second newspaper lay beside the first. This one bore the headline:\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\lang1033 SCRIMGEOUR SUCCEEDS FUDGE\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\lang1033 Most of this front page was taken up with a large black-and-white picture of a man with a lionlike mane of thick hair and a rather ravaged face. The picture was moving \emdash  the man was wav\-ing at the ceiling.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Rufus Scrimgeour, previously Head of the Auror office in the Department of Magical Law Enforce\-ment, has succeeded Cornelius Fudge as Minister of Magic. The appointment has largely been greeted with enthusiasm by the Wizarding community, though rumors of a rift between the new Minister and Albus Dumbledore, newly reinstated Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, surfaced within hours of Scrimgeour taking office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour\rquote s representatives admitted that he had met with Dumbledore at once upon taking possession of the top job, but refused to com\-ment on the topics under discussion. Albus Dum\-bledore is known to (\i ctd. page 3, column 2\i0 )\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 To the left of this paper sat another, which had been folded so that a story bearing the title MINISTRY GUARANTEES STUDENTS\rquote  SAFETY was visible.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Newly appointed Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrim\-geour, spoke today of the tough new measures taken by his Ministry to ensure the safety of stu\-dents returning to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this autumn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For obvious reasons, the Ministry will not be going into detail about its stringent new security plans,\rdblquote  said the Minister, although an insider con\-firmed that measures include defensive spells and charms, a complex array of countercurses, and a small task force of Aurors dedicated solely to the protection of Hogwarts School.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Most seem reassured by the new Minister\rquote s tough stand on student safety. Said Mrs. Augusta Longbottom, \ldblquote My grandson, Neville \emdash  a good friend of Harry Potter\rquote s, incidentally, who fought the Death Eaters alongside him at the Ministry in June and \emdash\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 But the rest of this story was obscured by the large birdcage standing on top of it. Inside it was a magnificent snowy owl. Her amber eyes surveyed the room imperiously, her head swiveling occasionally to gaze at her snoring master. Once or twice she clicked her beak impatiently, but Harry was too deeply asleep to hear her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A large trunk stood in the very middle of the room. Its lid was open; it looked expectant; yet it was almost empty but for a residue of old underwear, sweets, empty ink bottles, and broken quills that\lang3081  \lang1033 coated the very bottom. Nearby, on the floor, lay a purple leaflet emblazoned with the words:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\emdash    \fs20 ISSUED ON BEHALF OF\fs24    \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 THE\lang3081  MINISTRY\lang1033  OF MAGIC\par
\fs20 PROTECTING YOUR HOME AND FAMILY\par
AGAINST DARK FORCES\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24 The Wizarding community is currently under threat from an orga\-nization calling itself the Death Eaters. Observing the following simple security guidelines will help protect you, your family, and your home from attack.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li644\qj\tx644 1.\tab You are advised not to leave the house alone.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li644\qj\lang1033 2.\tab Particular care should be taken during the hours of dark\-ness. Wherever possible, arrange to complete journeys be\-fore night has fallen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 3.\tab Review the security arrangements around your house, making sure that all family members are aware of emer\-gency measures such as Shield and Disillusionment Charms, and, in the case of underage family members, Side-Along-Apparition.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 4.\tab Agree on security questions with close friends and family so as to detect Death Eaters masquerading as others by use of the Polyjuice Potion (see page 2).\lang3081\par
\lang1033 5.\tab Should you feel that a family member, colleague, friend, or neighbor is acting in a strange manner, contact the Magi\-cal Law Enforcement Squad at once. They may have been put under the Imperius Curse (see page 4).\lang3081\par
\lang1033 6.\tab Should the Dark Mark appear over any dwelling place or other building, DO NOT ENTER, but contact the Auror office immediately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 7.\tab Unconfirmed sightings suggest that the Death Eaters \i may\i0  now be using Inferi (see page 10). Any sighting of an In\-ferius, or encounter with same, should be reported to the Ministry IMMEDIATELY.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
Harry grunted in his sleep and his face slid down the window an inch or so, making his glasses still more lopsided, but he did not wake up. An alarm clock, repaired by Harry several years ago, ticked loudly on the sill, showing one minute to eleven. Beside it, held in place by Harry\rquote s relaxed hand, was a piece of parchment covered in thin, slanting writing. Harry had read this letter so often since its arrival three days ago that although it had been delivered in a tightly furled scroll, it now lay quite flat.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Dear Harry,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i If it is convenient to you, I shall call at number four, Privet Drive this coming Friday at eleven p.m. to escort you to the Burrow, where you have been invited to spend the remainder of your school holidays.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i If you are agreeable, I should also be glad of your assistance in a matter to which I hope to attend on the way to the Burrow. I shall explain this more fully when I see you.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Kindly send your answer by return of this owl. Hoping to see you this Friday,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I am, yours most sincerely,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Albus\lang3081  Dumbledore\par
\lang1033\i0\par
Though he already knew it by heart, Harry had been stealing glances at this missive every few minutes since seven o\rquote clock that evening, when he had first taken up his position beside his bed\-room window, which had a reasonable view of both ends of Privet Drive. He knew it was pointless to keep rereading Dumbledore\rquote s words; Harry had sent back his \ldblquote yes\rdblquote  with the delivering owl, as re\-quested, and all he could do now was wait: Either Dumbledore was going to come, or he was not.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry had not packed. It just seemed too good to be true that he was going to be rescued from the Dursleys after a mere fort\-night of their company. He could not shrug off the feeling that something was going to go wrong \emdash  his reply to Dumbledore\rquote s let\-ter might have gone astray; Dumbledore could be prevented from collecting him; the letter might turn out not to be from Dumble\-dore at all, but a trick or joke or trap. Harry had not been able to face packing and then being let down and having to unpack again. The only gesture he had made to the possibility of a journey was to shut his snowy owl, Hedwig, safely in her cage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The minute hand on the alarm clock reached the number twelve and, at that precise moment, the streetlamp outside the window went out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry awoke as though the sudden darkness were an alarm. Hastily straightening his glasses and unsticking his cheek from the glass, he pressed his nose against the window instead and squinted down at the pavement. A tall figure in a long, billowing cloak was walking up the garden path.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry jumped up as though he had received an electric shock, knocked over his chair, and started snatching anything and everything within reach from the floor and throwing it into the trunk. Even as he lobbed a set of robes, two spellbooks, and a packet of crisps across the room, the doorbell rang. Downstairs in the living room his Uncle Vernon shouted, \ldblquote Who the blazes is calling at this time of night?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry froze with a brass telescope in one hand and a pair of trainers in the other. He had completely forgotten to warn the Dursleys that Dumbledore might be coming. Feeling both panicky and close to laughter, he clambered over the trunk and wrenched open his bedroom door in time to hear a deep voice say, \ldblquote Good evening. You must be Mr. Dursley. I daresay Harry has told you I would be coming for him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry ran down the stairs two at a time, coming to an abrupt halt several steps from the bottom, as long experience had taught him to remain out of arm\rquote s reach of his uncle whenever possible. There in the doorway stood a tall, thin man with waist-length sil\-ver hair and beard. Half-moon spectacles were perched on his crooked nose, and he was wearing a long black traveling cloak and a pointed hat. Vernon Dursley, whose mustache was quite as bushy as Dumbledore\rquote s, though black, and who was wearing a puce dress\-ing gown, was staring at the visitor as though he could not believe his tiny eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Judging by your look of stunned disbelief, Harry did \i not\i0  warn you that I was coming,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore pleasantly. \ldblquote However, let us assume that you have invited me warmly into your house. It is unwise to linger overlong on doorsteps in these troubled times.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stepped smartly over the threshold and closed the front door behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is a long time since my last visit,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, peering down his crooked nose at Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote I must say, your agapan\-thus are flourishing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Vernon Dursley said nothing at all. Harry did not doubt that speech would return to him, and soon \emdash  the vein pulsing in his uncle\rquote s temple was reaching danger point \emdash  but something about Dumbledore seemed to have robbed him temporarily of breath. It might have been the blatant wizardishness of his appearance, but it might, too, have been that even Uncle Vernon could sense that here was a man whom it would be very difficult to bully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, good evening Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, looking up at him through his half-moon glasses with a most satisfied expression. \ldblquote Excellent, excellent.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 These words seemed to rouse Uncle Vernon. It was clear that as far as he was concerned, any man who could look at Harry and say \ldblquote excellent\rdblquote  was a man with whom he could never see eye to eye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t mean to be rude \emdash\rdblquote  he began, in a tone that threatened rudeness in every syllable.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  yet, sadly, accidental rudeness occurs alarmingly often,\rdblquote  Dumbledore finished the sentence gravely. \ldblquote Best to say nothing at all, my dear man. Ah, and this must be Petunia.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The kitchen door had opened, and there stood Harry\rquote s aunt, wearing rubber gloves and a housecoat over her nightdress, clearly halfway through her usual pre-bedtime wipe-down of all the kitchen surfaces. Her rather horsey face registered nothing but shock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Albus Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, when Uncle Vernon failed to effect an introduction. \ldblquote We have corresponded, of course.\rdblquote  Harry thought this an odd way of reminding Aunt Petunia that he\lang3081  \lang1033 had once sent her an exploding letter, but Aunt Petunia did not challenge the term. \ldblquote And this must be your son, Dudley?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley had that moment peered round the living room door. His large, blond head rising out of the stripy collar of his pajamas looked oddly disembodied, his mouth gaping in astonishment and fear. Dumbledore waited a moment or two, apparently to see whether any of the Dursleys were going to say anything, but as the silence stretched on he smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shall we assume that you have invited me into your sitting room?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley scrambled out of the way as Dumbledore passed him. Harry, still clutching the telescope and trainers, jumped the last few stairs and followed Dumbledore, who had settled himself in the armchair nearest the fire and was taking in the surroundings with an expression of benign interest. He looked quite extraordi\-narily out of place.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aren\rquote t \emdash  aren\rquote t we leaving, sir?\rdblquote  Harry asked anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, indeed we are, but there are a few matters we need to dis\-cuss first,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote And I would prefer not to do so in the open. We shall trespass upon your aunt and uncle\rquote s hospitality only a little longer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will, will you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Vernon Dursley had entered the room, Petunia at his shoulder, and Dudley skulking behind them both.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore simply, \ldblquote I shall.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He drew his wand so rapidly that Harry barely saw it; with a ca\-sual flick, the sofa zoomed forward and knocked the knees out from under all three of the Dursleys so that they collapsed upon it\lang3081  \lang1033 in a heap. Another flick of the wand and the sofa zoomed back to its original position.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We may as well be comfortable,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore pleasantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As he replaced his wand in his pocket, Harry saw that his hand was blackened and shriveled; it looked as though his flesh had been burned away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir \emdash  what happened to your \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Later, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Please sit down.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took the remaining armchair, choosing not to look at the Dursleys, who seemed stunned into silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would assume that you were going to offer me refreshment,\rdblquote  Dumbledore said to Uncle Vernon, \ldblquote but the evidence so far sug\-gests that that would be optimistic to the point of foolishness.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A third twitch of the wand, and a dusty bottle and five glasses appeared in midair. The bottle tipped and poured a generous mea\-sure of honey-colored liquid into each of the glasses, which then floated to each person in the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Madam Rosmerta\rquote s finest oak-matured mead,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore, raising his glass to Harry, who caught hold of his own and sipped. He had never tasted anything like it before, but enjoyed it immensely. The Dursleys, after quick, scared looks at one an\-other, tried to ignore their glasses completely, a difficult feat, as they were nudging them gently on the sides of their heads. Harry could not suppress a suspicion that Dumbledore was rather enjoy\-ing himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, turning toward him, \ldblquote a diffi\-culty has arisen which I hope you will be able to solve for us. By \i us,\i0  I mean the Order of the Phoenix. But first of all I must tell you that\lang3081  \lang1033 Sirius\rquote s will was discovered a week ago and that he left you every\-thing he owned.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Over on the sofa, Uncle Vernon\rquote s head turned, but Harry did not look at him, nor could he think of anything to say except, \ldblquote Oh. Right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is, in the main, fairly straightforward,\rdblquote  Dumbledore went on. \ldblquote You add a reasonable amount of gold to your account at Gringotts, and you inherit all of Sirius\rquote s personal possessions. The slightly problematic part of the legacy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His godfather\rquote s dead?\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon loudly from the sofa. Dumbledore and Harry both turned to look at him. The glass of mead was now knocking quite insistently on the side of Vernon\rquote s head; he attempted to beat it away. \ldblquote He\rquote s dead? His godfather?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. He did not ask Harry why he had not confided in the Dursleys. \ldblquote Our problem,\rdblquote  he continued to Harry, as if there had been no interruption, \ldblquote is that Sirius also left you number twelve, Grimmauld Place.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s been left a house?\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon greedily, his small eyes narrowing, but nobody answered him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can keep using it as headquarters,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I don\rquote t care. You can have it, I don\rquote t really want it.\rdblquote  Harry never wanted to set foot in number twelve, Grimmauld Place again if he could help it. He thought he would be haunted forever by the memory of Sirius prowling its dark musty rooms alone, imprisoned within the place he had wanted so desperately to leave.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That is generous,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote We have, however, va\-cated the building temporarily.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, ignoring the mutterings of Uncle Vernon, who was now being rapped smartly over the head by the persistent glass of mead, \ldblquote Black family tradition decreed that the house was handed down the direct line, to the next male with the name of \lquote Black.\rquote  Sirius was the very last of the line as his younger brother, Regulus, predeceased him and both were childless. While his will makes it perfectly plain that he wants you to have the house, it is nevertheless possible that some spell or enchantment has been set upon the place to ensure that it cannot be owned by anyone other than a pureblood.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A vivid image of the shrieking, spitting portrait of Sirius\rquote s mother that hung in the hall of number twelve, Grimmauld Place flashed into Harry\rquote s mind. \ldblquote I bet there has,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quite,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote And if such an enchantment exists, then the ownership of the house is most likely to pass to the eldest of Sirius\rquote s living relatives, which would mean his cousin, Bellatrix Lestrange.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Without realizing what he was doing, Harry sprang to his feet; the telescope and trainers in his lap rolled across the floor. Bellatrix Lestrange, Sirius\rquote s killer, inherit his house?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, obviously we would prefer that she didn\rquote t get it either,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly. \ldblquote The situation is fraught with complica\-tions. We do not know whether the enchantments we ourselves have placed upon it, for example, making it Unplottable, will hold now that ownership has passed from Sirius\rquote s hands. It might be that Bellatrix will arrive on the doorstep at any moment. Naturally we had to move out until such time as we have clarified the position.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how are you going to find out if I\rquote m allowed to own it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fortunately,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote there is a simple test.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He placed his empty glass on a small table beside his chair, but before he could do anything else, Uncle Vernon shouted, \ldblquote\i Will\lang3081  \lang1033 you get these ruddy things off us\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around; all three of the Dursleys were cowering with their arms over their heads as their glasses bounced up and down on their skulls, their contents flying everywhere.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I\rquote m so sorry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore politely, and he raised his wand again. All three glasses vanished. \ldblquote But it would have been better manners to drink it, you know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It looked as though Uncle Vernon was bursting with any num\-ber of unpleasant retorts, but he merely shrank back into the cush\-ions with Aunt Petunia and Dudley and said nothing, keeping his small piggy eyes on Dumbledore\rquote s wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You see,\rdblquote  Dumbledore said, turning back to Harry and again speaking as though Uncle Vernon had not uttered, \ldblquote if you have in\-deed inherited the house, you have also inherited \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He flicked his wand for a fifth time. There was a loud crack, and a house-elf appeared, with a snout for a nose, giant bat\rquote s ears, and enormous bloodshot eyes, crouching on the Dursleys\rquote  shag carpet and covered in grimy rags. Aunt Petunia let out a hair-raising shriek; nothing this filthy had entered her house in living memory. Dudley drew his large, bare, pink feet off the floor and sat with them raised almost above his head, as though he thought the crea\-ture might run up his pajama trousers, and Uncle Vernon bel\-lowed, \ldblquote What the \i hell\i0  is that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher,\rdblquote  finished Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher won\rquote t, Kreacher won\rquote t, Kreacher won\rquote t!\rdblquote  croaked the house-elf, quite as loudly as Uncle Vernon, stamping his long,\lang3081  \lang1033 gnarled feet and pulling his ears. \ldblquote Kreacher belongs to Miss Bella\-trix, oh yes, Kreacher belongs to the Blacks, Kreacher wants his new mistress, Kreacher won\rquote t go to the Potter brat, Kreacher won\rquote t, won\rquote t, won\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As you can see, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore loudly, over Kreacher\rquote s continued croaks of \ldblquote won\rquote t, won\rquote t, won\rquote t,\rdblquote  \ldblquote Kreacher is showing a certain reluctance to pass into your ownership.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t care,\rdblquote  said Harry again, looking with disgust at the writhing, stamping house-elf. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Won\rquote t, won\rquote t, won\rquote t, won\rquote t\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You would prefer him to pass into the ownership of Bellatrix Lestrange? Bearing in mind that he has lived at the headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix for the past year?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Won\rquote t, won\rquote t, won\rquote t, won\rquote t\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at Dumbledore. He knew that Kreacher could not be permitted to go and live with Bellatrix Lestrange, but the idea of owning him, of having responsibility for the creature that had be\-trayed Sirius, was repugnant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give him an order,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote If he has passed into your ownership, he will have to obey. If not, then we shall have to think of some other means of keeping him from his rightful mis\-tress.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Won\rquote t, won\rquote t, won\rquote t, WON\rquote T\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher\rquote s voice had risen to a scream. Harry could think of nothing to say, except, \ldblquote Kreacher, shut up!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It looked for a moment as though Kreacher was going to choke. He grabbed his throat, his mouth still working furiously, his eyes bulging. After a few seconds of frantic gulping, he threw himself face forward onto the carpet (Aunt Petunia whimpered) and beat\lang3081  \lang1033 the floor with his hands and feet, giving himself over to a violent, but entirely silent, tantrum.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that simplifies matters,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore cheerfully. \ldblquote It seems that Sirius knew what he was doing. You are the rightful owner of number twelve, Grimmauld Place and of Kreacher.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do I \emdash  do I have to keep him with me?\rdblquote  Harry asked, aghast, as Kreacher thrashed around at his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not if you don\rquote t want to,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote If I might make a suggestion, you could send him to Hogwarts to work in the kitchen there. In that way, the other house-elves could keep an eye on him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry in relief, \ldblquote yeah, I\rquote ll do that. Er \emdash  Kreacher \emdash  I want you to go to Hogwarts and work in the kitchens there with the other house-elves.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher, who was now lying flat on his back with his arms and legs in the air, gave Harry one upside-down look of deepest loathing and, with another loud crack, vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote There is also the matter of the hip\-pogriff, Buckbeak. Hagrid has been looking after him since Sirius died, but Buckbeak is yours now, so if you would prefer to make different arrangements \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry at once, \ldblquote he can stay with Hagrid. I think Buckbeak would prefer that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid will be delighted,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling. \ldblquote He was thrilled to see Buckbeak again. Incidentally, we have decided, in the interests of Buckbeak\rquote s safety, to rechristen him \lquote Witherwings\rquote  for the time being, though I doubt that the Ministry would ever guess he is the hippogriff they once sentenced to death. Now, Harry, is your trunk packed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Erm \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Doubtful that I would turn up?\rdblquote  Dumbledore suggested shrewdly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll just go and \emdash  er \emdash  finish off,\rdblquote  said Harry hastily, hurrying to pick up his fallen telescope and trainers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It took him a little over ten minutes to track down everything he needed; at last he had managed to extract his Invisibility Cloak from under the bed, screwed the top back on his jar of color-change ink, and forced the lid of his trunk shut on his cauldron. Then, heaving his trunk in one hand and holding Hedwig\rquote s cage in the other, he made his way back downstairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was disappointed to discover that Dumbledore was not wait\-ing in the hall, which meant that he had to return to the living room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody was talking. Dumbledore was humming quietly, appar\-ently quite at his ease, but the atmosphere was thicker than cold custard, and Harry did not dare look at the Dursleys as he said, \ldblquote Professor \emdash  I\rquote m ready now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Just one last thing, then.\rdblquote  And he turned to speak to the Dursleys once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As you will no doubt be aware, Harry comes of age in a year\rquote s time \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Aunt Petunia, speaking for the first time since Dum\-bledore\rquote s arrival.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore politely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, he doesn\rquote t. He\rquote s a month younger than Dudley, and Dudders doesn\rquote t turn eighteen until the year after next.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore pleasantly, \ldblquote but in the Wizarding world, we come of age at seventeen.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon muttered, \ldblquote Preposterous,\rdblquote  but Dumbledore ig\-nored him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, as you already know, the wizard called Lord Voldemort has returned to this country. The Wizarding community is cur\-rently in a state of open warfare. Harry, whom Lord Voldemort has already attempted to kill on a number of occasions, is in even greater danger now than the day when I left him upon your doorstep fifteen years ago, with a letter explaining about his par\-ents\rquote  murder and expressing the hope that you would care for him as though he were your own.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore paused, and although his voice remained light and calm, and he gave no obvious sign of anger, Harry felt a kind of chill emanating from him and noticed that the Dursleys drew very slightly closer together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You did not do as I asked. You have never treated Harry as a son. He has known nothing but neglect and often cruelty at your hands. The best that can be said is that he has at least escaped the appalling damage you have inflicted upon the unfortunate boy sit\-ting between you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Both Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon looked around instinc\-tively, as though expecting to see someone other than Dudley squeezed between them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Us \emdash  mistreat Dudders? What d\rquote you \emdash  ?\rdblquote  began Uncle Ver\-non furiously, but Dumbledore raised his finger for silence, a si\-lence which fell as though he had struck Uncle Vernon dumb.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The magic I evoked fifteen years ago means that Harry has pow\-erful protection while he can still call this house \lquote home.\rquote  However miserable he has been here, however unwelcome, however badly treated, you have at least, grudgingly, allowed him houseroom. This\lang3081  \lang1033 magic will cease to operate the moment that Harry turns seventeen; in other words, at the moment he becomes a man. I ask only this: that you allow Harry to return, once more, to this house, before his seventeenth birthday, which will ensure that the protection contin\-ues until that time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 None of the Dursleys said anything. Dudley was frowning slightly, as though he was still trying to work out when he had ever been mistreated. Uncle Vernon looked as though he had something stuck in his throat; Aunt Petunia, however, was oddly flushed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Harry \'85 time for us to be off,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore at last, standing up and straightening his long black cloak. \ldblquote Until we meet again,\rdblquote  he said to the Dursleys, who looked as though that moment could wait forever as far as they were concerned, and after doffing his hat, he swept from the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bye,\rdblquote  said Harry hastily to the Dursleys, and followed Dum\-bledore, who paused beside Harry\rquote s trunk, upon which Hedwig\rquote s cage was perched.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We do not want to be encumbered by these just now,\rdblquote  he said, pulling out his wand again. \ldblquote I shall send them to the Burrow to await us there. However, I would like you to bring your Invisibility Cloak \'85 just in case.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry extracted his cloak from his trunk with some difficulty, trying not to show Dumbledore the mess within. When he had stuffed it into an inside pocket of his jacket, Dumbledore waved his wand and the trunk, cage, and Hedwig vanished. Dumbledore then waved his wand again, and the front door opened onto cool, misty darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now, Harry, let us step out into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 4\par
\pard\qc Horace Slughorn\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Despite the fact that he had spent every waking moment of\lang3081  \lang1033 the past few days hoping desperately that Dumbledore would indeed come to fetch him, Harry felt distinctly awkward as they set off down Privet Drive together. He had never had a proper conversation with the headmaster outside of Hogwarts before; there was usually a desk between them. The memory of their last face-to-face encounter kept intruding too, and it rather heightened Harry\rquote s sense of embarrassment; he had shouted a lot on that occa\-sion, not to mention done his best to smash several of Dumble\-dore\rquote s most prized possessions.\par
Dumbledore, however, seemed completely relaxed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Keep your wand at the ready, Harry,\rdblquote  he said brightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I thought I\rquote m not allowed to use magic outside school, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If there is an attack,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote I give you permission to use any counterjinx or curse that might occur to you. However, I do not think you need worry about being attacked tonight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why not, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are with me,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore simply. \ldblquote This will do, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He came to an abrupt halt at the end of Privet Drive.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have not, of course, passed your Apparition Test,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I thought you had to be seventeen?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You do,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote So you will need to hold on to my arm very tightly. My left, if you don\rquote t mind \emdash  as you have noticed, my wand arm is a little fragile at the moment.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry gripped Dumbledore\rquote s proffered forearm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very good,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Well, here we go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt Dumbledore\rquote s arm twist away from him and redou\-bled his grip; the next thing he knew, everything went black; he was being pressed very hard from all directions; he could not breathe, there were iron bands tightening around his chest; his eye\-balls were being forced back into his head; his eardrums were being pushed deeper into his skull and then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gulped great lungfuls of cold night air and opened his streaming eyes. He felt as though he had just been forced through a very tight rubber tube. It was a few seconds before he realized that Privet Drive had vanished. He and Dumbledore were now stand\-ing in what appeared to be a deserted village square, in the center of which stood an old war memorial and a few benches. His com\-prehension catching up with his senses, Harry realized that he had just Apparated for the first time in his life.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you all right?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore, looking down at him so\-licitously. \ldblquote The sensation does take some getting used to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m fine,\rdblquote  said Harry, rubbing his ears, which felt as though\lang3081  \lang1033 they had left Privet Drive rather reluctantly. \ldblquote But I think I might prefer brooms. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore smiled, drew his traveling cloak a little more tightly around his neck, and said, \ldblquote This way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He set off at a brisk pace, past an empty inn and a few houses. According to a clock on a nearby church, it was almost midnight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So tell me, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Your scar \'85 has it been hurting at all?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry raised a hand unconsciously to his forehead and rubbed the lightning-shaped mark.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote and I\rquote ve been wondering about that. I thought it would be burning all the time now Voldemort\rquote s getting so power\-ful again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He glanced up at Dumbledore and saw that he was wearing a satisfied expression.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I, on the other hand, thought otherwise,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Lord Voldemort has finally realized the dangerous access to his thoughts and feelings you have been enjoying. It appears that he is now employing Occlumency against you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m not complaining,\rdblquote  said Harry, who missed neither the disturbing dreams nor the startling flashes of insight into Voldemort\rquote s mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They turned a corner, passing a telephone box and a bus shelter. Harry looked sideways at Dumbledore again. \ldblquote Professor?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  where exactly are we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This, Harry, is the charming village of Budleigh Babberton.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what are we doing here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah yes, of course, I haven\rquote t told you,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Well, I have lost count of the number of times I have said this in recent years, but we are, once again, one member of staff short. We are here to persuade an old colleague of mine to come out of retire\-ment and return to Hogwarts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How can I help with that, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I think we\rquote ll find a use for you,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore vaguely. \ldblquote Left here, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They proceeded up a steep, narrow street lined with houses. All the windows were dark. The odd chill that had lain over Privet Drive for two weeks persisted here too. Thinking of dementors, Harry cast a look over his shoulder and grasped his wand reassur\-ingly in his pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor, why couldn\rquote t we just Apparate directly into your old colleague\rquote s house?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because it would be quite as rude as kicking down the front door,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Courtesy dictates that we offer fellow wizards the opportunity of denying us entry. In any case, most Wizarding dwellings are magically protected from unwanted Ap\-parators. At Hogwarts, for instance \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  you can\rquote t Apparate anywhere inside the buildings or grounds,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote Hermione Granger told me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And she is quite right. We turn left again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The church clock chimed midnight behind them. Harry won\-dered why Dumbledore did not consider it rude to call on his old colleague so late, but now that conversation had been established, he had more pressing questions to ask.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir, I saw in the \i Daily Prophet\i0  that Fudge has been sacked. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Correct,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, now turning up a steep side street.\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote He has been replaced, as I am sure you also saw, by Rufus Scrim\-geour, who used to be Head of the Auror office.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is he \'85 Do you think he\rquote s good?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An interesting question,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote He is able, cer\-tainly. A more decisive and forceful personality than Cornelius.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but I meant \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know what you meant. Rufus is a man of action and, having fought Dark wizards for most of his working life, does not under\-estimate Lord Voldemort.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not say anything about the disagreement with Scrimgeour that the \i Daily Prophet\i0  had reported, and he did not have the nerve to pursue the subject, so he changed it. \ldblquote And \'85 sir \'85 I saw about Madam Bones.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote A terrible loss. She was a great witch. Just up here, I think \emdash  ouch.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had pointed with his injured hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor, what happened to your \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have no time to explain now,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote It is a thrilling tale, I wish to do it justice.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He smiled at Harry, who understood that he was not being snubbed, and that he had permission to keep asking questions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir \emdash  I got a Ministry of Magic leaflet by owl, about security measures we should all take against the Death Eaters. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I received one myself,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, still smiling. \ldblquote Did you find it useful?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not really.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I thought not. You have not asked me, for instance, what is my favorite flavor of jam, to check that I am indeed Professor Dumbledore and not an impostor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  Harry began, not entirely sure whether he was be\-ing reprimanded or not.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For future reference, Harry, it is raspberry\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 although of course, if I were a Death Eater, I would have been sure to research my own jam preferences before impersonating myself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85 right,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Well, on that leaflet, it said some\-thing about Inferi. What exactly are they? The leaflet wasn\rquote t very clear.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They are corpses,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly. \ldblquote Dead bodies that have been bewitched to do a Dark wizard\rquote s bidding. Inferi have not been seen for a long time, however, not since Voldemort was last powerful. \'85 He killed enough people to make an army of them, of course. This is the place, Harry, just here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were nearing a small, neat stone house set in its own gar\-den. Harry was too busy digesting the horrible idea of Inferi to have much attention left for anything else, but as they reached the front gate, Dumbledore stopped dead and Harry walked into him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh dear. Oh dear, dear, dear.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry followed his gaze up the carefully tended front path and felt his heart sink. The front door was hanging off its hinges.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore glanced up and down the street. It seemed quite deserted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wand out and follow me, Harry,\rdblquote  he said quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened the gate and walked swiftly and silently up the gar\-den path, Harry at his heels, then pushed the front door very slowly, his wand raised and at the ready.\par
\ldblquote\i Lumos.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s wand tip ignited, casting its light up a narrow hallway. To the left, another door stood open. Holding his illumi\-nated wand aloft, Dumbledore walked into the sitting room with Harry right behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A scene of total devastation met their eyes. A grandfather clock lay splintered at their feet, its face cracked, its pendulum lying a lit\-tle farther away like a dropped sword. A piano was on its side, its keys strewn across the floor. The wreckage of a fallen chandelier glittered nearby. Cushions lay deflated, feathers oozing from slashes in their sides; fragments of glass and china lay like powder over everything. Dumbledore raised his wand even higher, so that its light was thrown upon the walls, where something darkly red and glutinous was spattered over the wallpaper. Harry\rquote s small intake of breath made Dumbledore look around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not pretty, is it?\rdblquote  he said heavily. \ldblquote Yes, something horrible has happened here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore moved carefully into the middle of the room, scru\-tinizing the wreckage at his feet. Harry followed, gazing around, half-scared of what he might see hidden behind the wreck of the pi\-ano or the overturned sofa, but there was no sign of a body.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe there was a fight and \emdash  and they dragged him off, Pro\-fessor?\rdblquote  Harry suggested, trying not to imagine how badly wounded a man would have to be to leave those stains spattered halfway up the walls.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly, peering behind an overstuffed armchair lying on its side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mean he\rquote s \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Still here somewhere? Yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And without warning, Dumbledore swooped, plunging the tip of his wand into the seat of the overstuffed armchair, which yelled, \ldblquote Ouch!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good evening, Horace,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, straightening up again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s jaw dropped. Where a split second before there had been an armchair, there now crouched an enormously fat, bald, old man who was massaging his lower belly and squinting up at Dumble\-dore with an aggrieved and watery eye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There was no need to stick the wand in that hard,\rdblquote  he said gruffly, clambering to his feet. \ldblquote It hurt.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wandlight sparkled on his shiny pate, his prominent eyes, his enormous, silver, walruslike mustache, and the highly polished buttons on the maroon velvet jacket he was wearing over a pair of lilac silk pajamas. The top of his head barely reached Dumbledore\rquote s chin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What gave it away?\rdblquote  he grunted as he staggered to his feet, still rubbing his lower belly. He seemed remarkably unabashed for a man who had just been discovered pretending to be an armchair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear Horace,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, looking amused, \ldblquote if the Death Eaters really had come to call, the Dark Mark would have been set over the house.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wizard clapped a pudgy hand to his vast forehead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Mark,\rdblquote  he muttered. \ldblquote Knew there was something \'85 ah well. Wouldn\rquote t have had time anyway, I\rquote d only just put the finishing touches to my upholstery when you entered the room.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He heaved a great sigh that made the ends of his mustache flutter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Would you like my assistance clearing up?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore politely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please,\rdblquote  said the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They stood back to back, the tall thin wizard and the short round one, and waved their wands in one identical sweeping motion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The furniture flew back to its original places; ornaments re\-formed in midair, feathers zoomed into their cushions; torn books repaired themselves as they landed upon their shelves; oil lanterns soared onto side tables and reignited; a vast collection of splintered silver picture frames flew glittering across the room and alighted, whole and untarnished, upon a desk; rips, cracks, and holes healed everywhere, and the walls wiped themselves clean.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What kind of blood was that, incidentally?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore loudly over the chiming of the newly unsmashed grandfather clock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote On the walls? Dragon,\rdblquote  shouted the wizard called Horace, as, with a deafening grinding and tinkling, the chandelier screwed it\-self back into the ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a final \i plunk\i0  from the piano, and silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, dragon,\rdblquote  repeated the wizard conversationally. \ldblquote My last bottle, and prices are sky-high at the moment. Still, it might be reusable.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stumped over to a small crystal bottle standing on top of a sideboard and held it up to the light, examining the thick liquid within.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmm. Bit dusty.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He set the bottle back on the sideboard and sighed. It was then that his gaze fell upon Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oho,\rdblquote  he said, his large round eyes flying to Harry\rquote s forehead and the lightning-shaped scar it bore. \ldblquote\i Oho\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, moving forward to make the intro\-duction, \ldblquote is Harry Potter. Harry, this is an old friend and colleague of mine, Horace Slughorn.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn turned on Dumbledore, his expression shrewd. \ldblquote So that\rquote s how you thought you\rquote d persuade me, is it? Well, the answer\rquote s no, Albus.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pushed past Harry, his face turned resolutely away with the air of a man trying to resist temptation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose we can have a drink, at least?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore. \ldblquote For old time\rquote s sake?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn hesitated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right then, one drink,\rdblquote  he said ungraciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore smiled at Harry and directed him toward a chair not unlike the one that Slughorn had so recently impersonated, which stood right beside the newly burning fire and a brightly glowing oil lamp. Harry took the seat with the distinct impression that Dumbledore, for some reason, wanted to keep him as visible as possible. Certainly when Slughorn, who had been busy with de\-canters and glasses, turned to face the room again, his eyes fell im\-mediately upon Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmpf,\rdblquote  he said, looking away quickly as though frightened of hurting his eyes. \ldblquote Here \emdash\rdblquote  He gave a drink to Dumbledore, who had sat down without invitation, thrust the tray at Harry, and then sank into the cushions of the repaired sofa and a disgruntled si\-lence. His legs were so short they did not touch the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, how have you been keeping, Horace?\rdblquote  Dumbledore asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not so well,\rdblquote  said Slughorn at once. \ldblquote Weak chest. Wheezy.\lang3081  \lang1033 Rheumatism too. Can\rquote t move like I used to. Well, that\rquote s to be ex\-pected. Old age. Fatigue.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And yet you must have moved fairly quickly to prepare such a welcome for us at such short notice,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote You can\rquote t have had more than three minutes\rquote  warning?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn said, half irritably, half proudly, \ldblquote Two. Didn\rquote t hear my Intruder Charm go off, I was taking a bath. Still,\rdblquote  he added sternly, seeming to pull himself back together again, \ldblquote the fact remains that I\rquote m an old man, Albus. A tired old man who\rquote s earned the right to a quiet life and a few creature comforts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He certainly had those, thought Harry, looking around the room. It was stuffy and cluttered, yet nobody could say it was un\-comfortable; there were soft chairs and footstools, drinks and books, boxes of chocolates and plump cushions. If Harry had not known who lived there, he would have guessed at a rich, fussy old lady.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not yet as old as I am, Horace,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, maybe you ought to think about retirement yourself,\rdblquote  said Slughorn bluntly. His pale gooseberry eyes had found Dum\-bledore\rquote s injured hand. \ldblquote Reactions not what they were, I see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re quite right,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore serenely, shaking back his sleeve to reveal the tips of those burned and blackened fingers; the sight of them made the back of Harry\rquote s neck prickle unpleasantly. \ldblquote I am undoubtedly slower than I was. But on the other hand \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He shrugged and spread his hands wide, as though to say that age had its compensations, and Harry noticed a ring on his unin\-jured hand that he had never seen Dumbledore wear before: It was large, rather clumsily made of what looked like gold, and was set\lang3081  \lang1033 with a heavy black stone that had cracked down the middle. Slughorn\rquote s eyes lingered for a moment on the ring too, and Harry saw a tiny frown momentarily crease his wide forehead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, all these precautions against intruders, Horace \'85 are they for the Death Eaters\rquote  benefit, or mine?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What would the Death Eaters want with a poor broken-down old buffer like me?\rdblquote  demanded Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I imagine that they would want you to turn your considerable talents to coercion, torture, and murder,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Are you really telling me that they haven\rquote t come recruiting yet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn eyed Dumbledore balefully for a moment, then mut\-tered, \ldblquote I haven\rquote t given them the chance. I\rquote ve been on the move for a year. Never stay in one place more than a week. Move from Mug\-gle house to Muggle house \emdash  the owners of this place are on holi\-day in the Canary Islands \emdash  it\rquote s been very pleasant, I\rquote ll be sorry to leave. It\rquote s quite easy once you know how, one simple Freezing Charm on these absurd burglar alarms they use instead of Sneako\-scopes and make sure the neighbors don\rquote t spot you bringing in the piano.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ingenious,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote But it sounds a rather tiring ex\-istence for a broken-down old buffer in search of a quiet life. Now, if you were to return to Hogwarts \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you\rquote re going to tell me my life would be more peaceful at that pestilential school, you can save your breath, Albus! I might have been in hiding, but some funny rumors have reached me since Do\-lores Umbridge left! If that\rquote s how you treat teachers these days \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Umbridge ran afoul of our centaur herd,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore. \ldblquote I think you, Horace, would have known better than to\lang3081  \lang1033 stride into the forest and call a horde of angry centaurs \lquote filthy half-breeds.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s what she did, did she?\rdblquote  said Slughorn. \ldblquote Idiotic woman. Never liked her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry chuckled and both Dumbledore and Slughorn looked round at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  Harry said hastily. \ldblquote It\rquote s just \emdash  I didn\rquote t like her either.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore stood up rather suddenly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you leaving?\rdblquote  asked Slughorn at once, looking hopeful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I was wondering whether I might use your bathroom,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, clearly disappointed. \ldblquote Second on the left down the hall.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore strode from the room. Once the door had closed behind him, there was silence. After a few moments, Slughorn got to his feet but seemed uncertain what to do with himself. He shot a furtive look at Harry, then crossed to the fire and turned his back on it, warming his wide behind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t think I don\rquote t know why he\rquote s brought you,\rdblquote  he said abruptly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry merely looked at Slughorn. Slughorn\rquote s watery eyes slid over Harry\rquote s scar, this time taking in the rest of his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You look very like your father.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I\rquote ve been told,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Except for your eyes. You\rquote ve got \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My mother\rquote s eyes, yeah.\rdblquote  Harry had heard it so often he found it a bit wearing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmpf. Yes, well. You shouldn\rquote t have favorites as a teacher, of\lang3081  \lang1033 course, but she was one of mine. Your mother,\rdblquote  Slughorn added, in answer to Harry\rquote s questioning look. \ldblquote Lily Evans. One of the bright\-est I ever taught. Vivacious, you know. Charming girl. I used to tell her she ought to have been in my House. Very cheeky answers I used to get back too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which was your House?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was Head of Slytherin,\rdblquote  said Slughorn. \ldblquote Oh, now,\rdblquote  he went on quickly, seeing the expression on Harry\rquote s face and wagging a stubby finger at him, \ldblquote don\rquote t go holding that against me! You\rquote ll be Gryffindor like her, I suppose? Yes, it usually goes in families. Not always, though. Ever heard of Sirius Black? You must have done \emdash  been in the papers for the last couple of years \emdash  died a few weeks ago \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was as though an invisible hand had twisted Harry\rquote s intestines and held them tight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, anyway, he was a big pal of your father\rquote s at school. The whole Black family had been in my House, but Sirius ended up in Gryffindor! Shame \emdash  he was a talented boy. I got his brother, Regulus, when he came along, but I\rquote d have liked the set.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sounded like an enthusiastic collector who had been outbid at auction. Apparently lost in memories, he gazed at the opposite wall, turning idly on the spot to ensure an even heat on his backside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your mother was Muggle-born, of course. Couldn\rquote t believe it when I found out. Thought she must have been pure-blood, she was so good.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One of my best friends is Muggle-born,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote and she\rquote s the best in our year.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Funny how that sometimes happens, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not really,\rdblquote  said Harry coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn looked down at him in surprise. \ldblquote You mustn\rquote t think I\rquote m prejudiced!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote No, no, no! Haven\rquote t I just said your mother was one of my all-time favorite students? And there was Dirk Cresswell in the year after her too \emdash  now Head of the Gob\-lin Liaison Office, of course \emdash  another Muggle-born, a very gifted student, and still gives me excellent inside information on the goings-on at Gringotts!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He bounced up and down a little, smiling in a self-satisfied way, and pointed at the many glittering photograph frames on the dresser, each peopled with tiny moving occupants.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All ex-students, all signed. You\rquote ll notice Barnabas Cuffe, editor of the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  he\rquote s always interested to hear my take on the day\rquote s news. And Ambrosius Flume, of Honeydukes \emdash  a hamper every birthday, and all because I was able to give him an introduc\-tion to Ciceron Harkiss, who gave him his first job! And at the back \emdash  you\rquote ll see her if you just crane your neck \emdash  that\rquote s Gwenog Jones, who of course captains the Holyhead Harpies. \'85 People are always astonished to hear I\rquote m on first-name terms with the Harpies, and free tickets whenever I want them!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This thought seemed to cheer him up enormously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And all these people know where to find you, to send you stuff?\rdblquote  asked Harry, who could not help wondering why the Death Eaters had not yet tracked down Slughorn if hampers of sweets, Quidditch tickets, and visitors craving his advice and opinions could find him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The smile slid from Slughorn\rquote s face as quickly as the blood from his walls.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course not,\rdblquote  he said, looking down at Harry. \ldblquote I have been out of touch with everybody for a year.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had the impression that the words shocked Slughorn him\-self; he looked quite unsettled for a moment. Then he shrugged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Still \'85 the prudent wizard keeps his head down in such times. All very well for Dumbledore to talk, but taking up a post at Hog\-warts just now would be tantamount to declaring my public alle\-giance to the Order of the Phoenix! And while I\rquote m sure they\rquote re very admirable and brave and all the rest of it, I don\rquote t personally fancy the mortality rate \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t have to join the Order to teach at Hogwarts,\rdblquote  said Harry, who could not quite keep a note of derision out of his voice: It was hard to sympathize with Slughorn\rquote s cosseted existence when he remembered Sirius, crouching in a cave and living on rats. \ldblquote Most of the teachers aren\rquote t in it, and none of them has ever been killed \emdash  well, unless you count Quirrell, and he got what he de\-served seeing as he was working with Voldemort.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had been sure Slughorn would be one of those wizards who could not bear to hear Voldemort\rquote s name spoken aloud, and was not disappointed: Slughorn gave a shudder and a squawk of protest, which Harry ignored.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I reckon the staff are safer than most people while Dumble\-dore\rquote s headmaster; he\rquote s supposed to be the only one Voldemort ever feared, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  Harry went on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn gazed into space for a moment or two: He seemed to be thinking over Harry\rquote s words.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, yes, it is true that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named has never sought a fight with Dumbledore,\rdblquote  he muttered grudgingly.\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote And I suppose one could argue that as I have not joined the Death Eaters, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named can hardly count me a friend \'85 in which case, I might well be safer a little closer to Albus. \'85 I cannot pretend that Amelia Bones\rquote s death did not shake me. \'85 If she, with all her Ministry contacts and protection \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore reentered the room and Slughorn jumped as though he had forgotten he was in the house.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, there you are, Albus,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote You\rquote ve been a very long time. Upset stomach?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I was merely reading the Muggle magazines,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore. \ldblquote I do love knitting patterns. Well, Harry, we have tres\-passed upon Horace\rquote s hospitality quite long enough; I think it is time for us to leave.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Not at all reluctant to obey, Harry jumped to his feet. Slughorn seemed taken aback.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re leaving?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, indeed. I think I know a lost cause when I see one.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lost\'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn seemed agitated. He twiddled his fat thumbs and fidg\-eted as he watched Dumbledore fasten his traveling cloak, and Harry zip up his jacket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m sorry you don\rquote t want the job, Horace,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore, raising his uninjured hand in a farewell salute. \ldblquote Hogwarts would have been glad to see you back again. Our greatly increased security notwithstanding, you will always be welcome to visit, should you wish to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \'85 well \'85 very gracious \'85 as I say \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good-bye, then.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bye,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were at the front door when there was a shout from behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, all right, I\rquote ll do it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore turned to see Slughorn standing breathless in the doorway to the sitting room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will come out of retirement?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, yes,\rdblquote  said Slughorn impatiently. \ldblquote I must be mad, but yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wonderful,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, beaming. \ldblquote Then, Horace, we shall see you on the first of September.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I daresay you will,\rdblquote  grunted Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As they set off down the garden path, Slughorn\rquote s voice floated af\-ter them, \ldblquote I\rquote ll want a pay rise, Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore chuckled. The garden gate swung shut behind them, and they set off back down the hill through the dark and the swirling mist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well done, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t do anything,\rdblquote  said Harry in surprise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes you did. You showed Horace exactly how much he stands to gain by returning to Hogwarts. Did you like him?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry wasn\rquote t sure whether he liked Slughorn or not. He sup\-posed he had been pleasant in his way, but he had also seemed vain and, whatever he said to the contrary, much too surprised that a Muggle-born should make a good witch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Horace,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, relieving Harry of the responsibil\-ity to say any of this, \ldblquote likes his comfort. He also likes the company of the famous, the successful, and the powerful. He enjoys the feel\-ing that he influences these people. He has never wanted to occupy\lang3081  \lang1033 the throne himself; he prefers the backseat \emdash  more room to spread out, you see. He used to handpick favorites at Hogwarts, some\-times for their ambition or their brains, sometimes for their charm or their talent, and he had an uncanny knack for choosing those who would go on to become outstanding in their various fields. Horace formed a kind of club of his favorites with himself at the center, making introductions, forging useful contacts between members, and always reaping some kind of benefit in return, whether a free box of his favorite crystalized pineapple or the chance to recommend the next junior member of the Goblin Liaison Office.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had a sudden and vivid mental image of a great swollen spider, spinning a web around it, twitching a thread here and there to bring its large and juicy flies a little closer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I tell you all this,\rdblquote  Dumbledore continued, \ldblquote not to turn you against Horace \emdash  or, as we must now call him, Professor Slug\-horn \emdash  but to put you on your guard. He will undoubtedly try to collect you, Harry. You would be the jewel of his collection; \lquote the Boy Who Lived\rquote  \'85 or, as they call you these days, \lquote the Chosen\lang3081  \lang1033 One.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At these words, a chill that had nothing to do with the sur\-rounding mist stole over Harry. He was reminded of words he had heard a few weeks ago, words that had a horrible and particular meaning to him: \i Neither can live while the other survives\i0  \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore had stopped walking, level with the church they had passed earlier.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This will do, Harry. If you will grasp my arm.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Braced this time, Harry was ready for the Apparition, but still found it unpleasant. When the pressure disappeared and he found\lang3081  \lang1033 himself able to breathe again, he was standing in a country lane beside Dumbledore and looking ahead to the crooked silhouette of his second favorite building in the world: the Burrow. In spite of the feeling of dread that had just swept through him, his spirits could not help but lift at the sight of it. Ron was in there \'85 and so was Mrs. Weasley, who could cook better than anyone he knew. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you don\rquote t mind, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, as they passed through the gate, \ldblquote I\rquote d like a few words with you before we part. In private. Perhaps in here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore pointed toward a run-down stone outhouse where the Weasleys kept their broomsticks. A little puzzled, Harry fol\-lowed Dumbledore through the creaking door into a space a little smaller than the average cupboard. Dumbledore illuminated the tip of his wand, so that it glowed like a torch, and smiled down at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hope you will forgive me for mentioning it, Harry, but I am pleased and a little proud at how well you seem to be coping after everything that happened at the Ministry. Permit me to say that I think Sirius would have been proud of you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry swallowed; his voice seemed to have deserted him. He did not think he could stand to discuss Sirius; it had been painful enough to hear Uncle Vernon say \ldblquote His godfather\rquote s dead?\rdblquote  and even worse to hear Sirius\rquote s name thrown out casually by Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was cruel,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore softly, \ldblquote that you and Sirius had such a short time together. A brutal ending to what should have been a long and happy relationship.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded, his eyes fixed resolutely on the spider now climb\-ing Dumbledore\rquote s hat. He could tell that Dumbledore understood,\lang3081  \lang1033 that he might even suspect that until his letter arrived, Harry had spent nearly all his time at the Dursleys\rquote  lying on his bed, refusing meals, and staring at the misted window, full of the chill emptiness that he had come to associate with dementors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s just hard,\rdblquote  Harry said finally, in a low voice, \ldblquote to realize he won\rquote t write to me again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His eyes burned suddenly and he blinked. He felt stupid for ad\-mitting it, but the fact that he had had someone outside Hogwarts who cared what happened to him, almost like a parent, had been one of the best things about discovering his godfather \'85 and now the post owls would never bring him that comfort again. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius represented much to you that you had never known before,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore gently. \ldblquote Naturally, the loss is devastat\-ing. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But while I was at the Dursleys\rquote  \'85\rdblquote  interrupted Harry, his voice growing stronger, \ldblquote I realized I can\rquote t shut myself away or \emdash  or crack up. Sirius wouldn\rquote t have wanted that, would he? And anyway, life\rquote s too short. \'85 Look at Madam Bones, look at Emmeline Vance. \'85 It could be me next, couldn\rquote t it? But if it is,\rdblquote  he said fiercely, now looking straight into Dumbledore\rquote s blue eyes gleam\-ing in the wandlight, \ldblquote I\rquote ll make sure I take as many Death Eaters with me as I can, and Voldemort too if I can manage it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Spoken both like your mother and father\rquote s son and Sirius\rquote s true godson!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, with an approving pat on Harry\rquote s back. \ldblquote I take my hat off to you \emdash  or I would, if I were not afraid of showering you in spiders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now, Harry, on a closely related subject\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I gather that you have been taking the \i Daily Prophet\i0  over the last two weeks?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, and his heart beat a little faster.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then you will have seen that there have been not so much leaks as floods concerning your adventure in the Hall of Prophecy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry again. \ldblquote And now everyone knows that I\rquote m the one \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, they do not,\rdblquote  interrupted Dumbledore. \ldblquote There are only two people in the whole world who know the full contents of the prophecy made about you and Lord Voldemort, and they are both standing in this smelly, spidery broom shed. It is true, however, that many have guessed, correctly, that Voldemort sent his Death Eaters to steal a prophecy, and that the prophecy concerned you.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, I think I am correct in saying that you have not told any\-body that you know what the prophecy said?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A wise decision, on the whole,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Although I think you ought to relax it in favor of your friends, Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger. Yes,\rdblquote  he continued, when Harry looked startled, \ldblquote I think they ought to know. You do them a disservice by not confiding something this important to them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t want \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  to worry or frighten them?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, surveying Harry over the top of his half-moon spectacles. \ldblquote Or perhaps, to confess that you yourself are worried and frightened? You need your friends, Harry. As you so rightly said, Sirius would not have wanted you to shut yourself away.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said nothing, but Dumbledore did not seem to require an answer. He continued, \ldblquote On a different, though related, subject, it is my wish that you take private lessons with me this year.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Private \emdash  with you?\rdblquote  said Harry, surprised out of his preoccu\-pied silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes. I think it is time that I took a greater hand in your educa\-tion.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What will you be teaching me, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, a little of this, a little of that,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore airily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry waited hopefully, but Dumbledore did not elaborate, so he asked something else that had been bothering him slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I\rquote m having lessons with you, I won\rquote t have to do Occlumency lessons with Snape, will I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Professor \i0 Snape, Harry \emdash  and no, you will not.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Harry in relief, \ldblquote because they were a \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stopped, careful not to say what he really thought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think the word \lquote fiasco\rquote  would be a good one here,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore, nodding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that means I won\rquote t see much of Professor Snape from now on,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote because he won\rquote t let me carry on Potions unless I get \lquote Outstanding\rquote  in my O.W.L., which I know I haven\rquote t.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t count your owls before they are delivered,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore gravely. \ldblquote Which, now I think of it, ought to be some time later today. Now, two more things, Harry, before we part.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Firstly, I wish you to keep your Invisibility Cloak with you at all times from this moment onward. Even within Hogwarts itself. Just in case, you understand me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And lastly, while you stay here, the Burrow has been given the\lang3081  \lang1033 highest security the Ministry of Magic can provide. These measures have caused a certain amount of inconvenience to Arthur and Molly \emdash  all their post, for instance, is being searched at the Min\-istry before being sent on. They do not mind in the slightest, for their only concern is your safety. However, it would be poor repay\-ment if you risked your neck while staying with them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I understand,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well, then,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, pushing open the broom shed door and stepping out into the yard. \ldblquote I see a light in the kitchen. Let us not deprive Molly any longer of the chance to de\-plore how thin you are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 5\par
\pard\qc An Excess of Phlegm\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry and Dumbledore approached the back door of the Burrow, which was surrounded by the familiar litter of old Wellington boots and rusty cauldrons; Harry could hear the soft clucking of sleepy chickens coming from a distant shed. Dum\-bledore knocked three times and Harry saw sudden movement be\-hind the kitchen window.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s there?\rdblquote  said a nervous voice he recognized as Mrs. Weasley\rquote s. \ldblquote Declare yourself!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is I, Dumbledore, bringing Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door opened at once. There stood Mrs. Weasley, short, plump, and wearing an old green dressing gown.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, dear! Gracious, Albus, you gave me a fright, you said not to expect you before morning!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We were lucky,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, ushering Harry over the threshold. \ldblquote Slughorn proved much more persuadable than I had expected. Harry\rquote s doing, of course. Ah, hello, Nymphadora!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around and saw that Mrs. Weasley was not alone, despite the lateness of the hour. A young witch with a pale, heart-shaped face and mousy brown hair was sitting at the table clutch\-ing a large mug between her hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello, Professor,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Wotcher, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Tonks.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought she looked drawn, even ill, and there was some\-thing forced in her smile. Certainly her appearance was less color\-ful than usual without her customary shade of bubble-gum-pink hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d better be off,\rdblquote  she said quickly, standing up and pulling her cloak around her shoulders. \ldblquote Thanks for the tea and sympathy, Molly.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please don\rquote t leave on my account,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore courte\-ously, \ldblquote I cannot stay, I have urgent matters to discuss with Rufus Scrimgeour.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, I need to get going,\rdblquote  said Tonks, not meeting Dum\-bledore\rquote s eyes. \ldblquote  \rquote Night \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dear, why not come to dinner at the weekend, Remus and Mad-Eye are coming \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, really, Molly \'85 thanks anyway \'85 Good night, every\-one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tonks hurried past Dumbledore and Harry into the yard; a few paces beyond the doorstep, she turned on the spot and vanished into thin air. Harry noticed that Mrs. Weasley looked troubled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I shall see you at Hogwarts, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Take care of yourself. Molly, your servant.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He made Mrs. Weasley a bow and followed Tonks, vanishing at precisely the same spot. Mrs. Weasley closed the door on the empty\lang3081  \lang1033 yard and then steered Harry by the shoulders into the full glow of the lantern on the table to examine his appearance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re like Ron,\rdblquote  she sighed, looking him up and down. \ldblquote Both of you look as though you\rquote ve had Stretching Jinxes put on you. I swear Ron\rquote s grown four inches since I last bought him school robes. Are you hungry, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I am,\rdblquote  said Harry, suddenly realizing just how hungry he was.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sit down, dear, I\rquote ll knock something up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry sat down, a furry ginger cat with a squashed face jumped onto his knees and settled there, purring.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So Hermione\rquote s here?\rdblquote  he asked happily as he tickled Crook\-shanks behind the ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, she arrived the day before yesterday,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weas\-ley, rapping a large iron pot with her wand. It bounced onto the stove with a loud clang and began to bubble at once. \ldblquote Everyone\rquote s in bed, of course, we didn\rquote t expect you for hours. Here you are \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She tapped the pot again; it rose into the air, flew toward Harry, and tipped over; Mrs. Weasley slid a bowl neatly beneath it just in time to catch the stream of thick, steaming onion soup.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bread, dear?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks, Mrs. Weasley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She waved her wand over her shoulder; a loaf of bread and a knife soared gracefully onto the table; as the loaf sliced itself and the soup pot dropped back onto the stove, Mrs. Weasley sat down opposite him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you persuaded Horace Slughorn to take the job?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded, his mouth so full of hot soup that he could not speak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He taught Arthur and me,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote He was at Hog\-warts for ages, started around the same time as Dumbledore, I think. Did you like him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His mouth now full of bread, Harry shrugged and gave a non\-committal jerk of the head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know what you mean,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, nodding wisely. \ldblquote Of course he can be charming when he wants to be, but Arthur\rquote s never liked him much. The Ministry\rquote s littered with Slughorn\rquote s old favorites, he was always good at giving leg ups, but he never had much time for Arthur \emdash  didn\rquote t seem to think he was enough of a highflier. Well, that just shows you, even Slughorn makes mistakes. I don\rquote t know whether Ron\rquote s told you in any of his letters \emdash  it\rquote s only just happened \emdash  but Arthur\rquote s been promoted!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It could not have been clearer that Mrs. Weasley had been burst\-ing to say this.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry swallowed a large amount of very hot soup and thought he could feel his throat blistering. \ldblquote That\rquote s great!\rdblquote  he gasped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are sweet,\rdblquote  beamed Mrs. Weasley, possibly taking his wa\-tering eyes for emotion at the news. \ldblquote Yes, Rufus Scrimgeour has set up several new offices in response to the present situation, and Arthur\rquote s heading the Office for the Detection and Confiscation of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects. It\rquote s a big job, he\rquote s got ten people reporting to him now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What exactly \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you see, in all the panic about You-Know-Who, odd things have been cropping up for sale everywhere, things that are supposed to guard against You-Know-Who and the Death Eaters. You can imagine the kind of thing \emdash  so-called protective potions that are really gravy with a bit of bubotuber pus added, or instruc\-tions for defensive jinxes that actually make your ears fall off. \'85 Well, in the main the perpetrators are just people like Mundungus Fletcher, who\rquote ve never done an honest day\rquote s work in their lives and are taking advantage of how frightened everybody is, but every now and then something really nasty turns up. The other day Arthur confiscated a box of cursed Sneakoscopes that were almost certainly planted by a Death Eater. So you see, it\rquote s a very important job, and I tell him it\rquote s just silly to miss dealing with spark plugs and toasters and all the rest of that Muggle rubbish.\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley ended her speech with a stern look, as if it had been Harry suggest\-ing that it was natural to miss spark plugs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is Mr. Weasley still at work?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, he is. As a matter of fact, he\rquote s a tiny bit late. \'85 He said he\rquote d be back around midnight. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She turned to look at a large clock that was perched awkwardly on top of a pile of sheets in the washing basket at the end of the table. Harry recognized it at once: It had nine hands, each in\-scribed with the name of a family member, and usually hung on the Weasleys\rquote  sitting room wall, though its current position sug\-gested that Mrs. Weasley had taken to carrying it around the house with her. Every single one of its nine hands was now pointing at \ldblquote mortal peril.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s been like that for a while now,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, in an un\-convincingly casual voice, \ldblquote ever since You-Know-Who came back into the open. I suppose everybody\rquote s in mortal danger now. \'85 I don\rquote t think it can be just our family \'85 but I don\rquote t know anyone else who\rquote s got a clock like this, so I can\rquote t check. Oh!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a sudden exclamation she pointed at the clock\rquote s face. Mr. Weasley\rquote s hand had switched to \ldblquote traveling.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s coming!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And sure enough, a moment later there was a knock on the back door. Mrs. Weasley jumped up and hurried to it; with one hand on the doorknob and her face pressed against the wood she called softly, \ldblquote Arthur, is that you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  came Mr. Weasley\rquote s weary voice. \ldblquote But I would say that even if I were a Death Eater, dear. Ask the question!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, honestly \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, all right\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 What is your dearest ambition?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To find out how airplanes stay up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley nodded and turned the doorknob, but apparently Mr. Weasley was holding tight to it on the other side, because the door remained firmly shut.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly! I\rquote ve got to ask you your question first!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur, really, this is just silly. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you like me to call you when we\rquote re alone together?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Even by the dim light of the lantern Harry could tell that Mrs. Weasley had turned bright red; he himself felt suddenly warm around the ears and neck, and hastily gulped soup, clattering his spoon as loudly as he could against the bowl.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mollywobbles,\rdblquote  whispered a mortified Mrs. Weasley into the crack at the edge of the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Correct,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Now you can let me in.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley opened the door to reveal her husband, a thin, balding, red-haired wizard wearing horn-rimmed spectacles and a long and dusty traveling cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I still don\rquote t see why we have to go through that every time you come home,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, still pink in the face as she helped\lang3081  \lang1033 her husband out of his cloak. \ldblquote I mean, a Death Eater might have forced the answer out of you before impersonating you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, dear, but it\rquote s Ministry procedure, and I have to set an example. Something smells good \emdash  onion soup?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley turned hopefully in the direction of the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! We didn\rquote t expect you until morning!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They shook hands, and Mr. Weasley dropped into the chair be\-side Harry as Mrs. Weasley set a bowl of soup in front of him too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks, Molly. It\rquote s been a tough night. Some idiot\rquote s started sell\-ing Metamorph-Medals. Just sling them around your neck and you\rquote ll be able to change your appearance at will. A hundred thou\-sand disguises, all for ten Galleons!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what really happens when you put them on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mostly you just turn a fairly unpleasant orange color, but a cou\-ple of people have also sprouted tentaclelike warts all over their bodies. As if St. Mungo\rquote s didn\rquote t have enough to do already!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It sounds like the sort of thing Fred and George would find funny,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley hesitantly. \ldblquote Are you sure \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I am!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote The boys wouldn\rquote t do any\-thing like that now, not when people are desperate for protection!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So is that why you\rquote re late, Metamorph-Medals?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, we got wind of a nasty backfiring jinx down in Elephant and Castle, but luckily the Magical Law Enforcement Squad had sorted it out by the time we got there. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stifled a yawn behind his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bed,\rdblquote  said an undeceived Mrs. Weasley at once. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got Fred and George\rquote s room all ready for you, you\rquote ll have it to yourself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why, where are they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, they\rquote re in Diagon Alley, sleeping in the little flat over their\lang3081  \lang1033 joke shop as they\rquote re so busy,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote I must say, I didn\rquote t approve at first, but they do seem to have a bit of a flair for business! Come on, dear, your trunk\rquote s already up there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Night, Mr. Weasley,\rdblquote  said Harry, pushing back his chair. Crookshanks leapt lightly from his lap and slunk out of the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote G\rquote night, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw Mrs. Weasley glance at the clock in the washing basket as they left the kitchen. All the hands were once again at \ldblquote mortal peril.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George\rquote s bedroom was on the second floor. Mrs. Weas\-ley pointed her wand at a lamp on the bedside table and it ignited at once, bathing the room in a pleasant golden glow. Though a large vase of flowers had been placed on a desk in front of the small window, their perfume could not disguise the lingering smell of what Harry thought was gunpowder. A considerable amount of floor space was devoted to a vast number of unmarked, sealed card\-board boxes, amongst which stood Harry\rquote s school trunk. The room looked as though it was being used as a temporary warehouse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hedwig hooted happily at Harry from her perch on top of a large wardrobe, then took off through the window; Harry knew she had been waiting to see him before going hunting. Harry bade Mrs. Weasley good night, put on pajamas, and got into one of the beds. There was something hard inside the pillowcase. He groped inside it and pulled out a sticky purple-and-orange sweet, which he recognized as a Puking Pastille. Smiling to himself, he rolled over and was instantly asleep.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seconds later, or so it seemed to Harry, he was awakened by what sounded like cannon fire as the door burst open. Sitting bolt upright, he heard the rasp of the curtains being pulled back: The\lang3081  \lang1033 dazzling sunlight seemed to poke him hard in both eyes. Shielding them with one hand, he groped hopelessly for his glasses with the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wuzzgoinon?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We didn\rquote t know you were here already!\rdblquote  said a loud and excited voice, and he received a sharp blow to the top of the head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, don\rquote t hit him!\rdblquote  said a girl\rquote s voice reproachfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s hand found his glasses and he shoved them on, though the light was so bright he could hardly see anyway. A long, loom\-ing shadow quivered in front of him for a moment; he blinked and Ron Weasley came into focus, grinning down at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never been better,\rdblquote  said Harry, rubbing the top of his head and slumping back onto his pillows. \ldblquote You?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not bad,\rdblquote  said Ron, pulling over a cardboard box and sitting on it. \ldblquote When did you get here? Mum\rquote s only just told us!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote About one o\rquote clock this morning.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Were the Muggles all right? Did they treat you okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Same as usual,\rdblquote  said Harry, as Hermione perched herself on the edge of his bed, \ldblquote they didn\rquote t talk to me much, but I like it better that way. How\rquote re you, Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I\rquote m fine,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who was scrutinizing Harry as though he was sickening for something. He thought he knew what was behind this, and as he had no wish to discuss Sirius\rquote s death or any other miserable subject at the moment, he said, \ldblquote What\rquote s the time? Have I missed breakfast?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry about that, Mum\rquote s bringing you up a tray; she reckons you look underfed,\rdblquote  said Ron, rolling his eyes. \ldblquote So, what\rquote s been going on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing much, I\rquote ve just been stuck at my aunt and uncle\rquote s, haven\rquote t I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come off it!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You\rquote ve been off with Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It wasn\rquote t that exciting. He just wanted me to help him persuade this old teacher to come out of retirement. His name\rquote s Horace Slughorn.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking disappointed. \ldblquote We thought \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione flashed a warning look at Ron, and Ron changed tack at top speed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  we thought it\rquote d be something like that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You did?\rdblquote  said Harry, amused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 yeah, now Umbridge has left, obviously we need a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, don\rquote t we? So, er, what\rquote s he like?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He looks a bit like a walrus, and he used to be Head of Slytherin,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Something wrong, Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was watching him as though expecting strange symptoms to manifest themselves at any moment. She rearranged her features hastily in an unconvincing smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, of course not! So, um, did Slughorn seem like he\rquote ll be a good teacher?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He can\rquote t be worse than Umbridge, can he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know someone who\rquote s worse than Umbridge,\rdblquote  said a voice from the doorway. Ron\rquote s younger sister slouched into the room, looking irritable. \ldblquote Hi, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s up with you?\rdblquote  Ron asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s \i her,\i0\rdblquote  said Ginny, plonking herself down on Harry\rquote s bed. \ldblquote She\rquote s driving me mad.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s she done now?\rdblquote  asked Hermione sympathetically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s the way she talks to me \emdash  you\rquote d think I was about three!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Hermione, dropping her voice. \ldblquote She\rquote s so full of herself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was astonished to hear Hermione talking about Mrs. Weasley like this and could not blame Ron for saying angrily, \ldblquote Can\rquote t you two lay off her for five seconds?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, that\rquote s right, defend her,\rdblquote  snapped Ginny. \ldblquote We all know you can\rquote t get enough of her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This seemed an odd comment to make about Ron\rquote s mother. Starting to feel that he was missing something, Harry said, \ldblquote Who are you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But his question was answered before he could finish it. The bedroom door flew open again, and Harry instinctively yanked the bedcovers up to his chin so hard that Hermione and Ginny slid off the bed onto the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A young woman was standing in the doorway, a woman of such breathtaking beauty that the room seemed to have become strangely airless. She was tall and willowy with long blonde hair and appeared to emanate a faint, silvery glow. To complete this vision of perfec\-tion, she was carrying a heavily laden breakfast tray.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Arry,\rdblquote  she said in a throaty voice. \ldblquote Eet \rquote as been too long!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As she swept over the threshold toward him, Mrs. Weasley was revealed, bobbing along in her wake, looking rather cross.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There was no need to bring up the tray, I was just about to do it myself!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Eet was no trouble,\rdblquote  said Fleur Delacour, setting the tray across Harry\rquote s knees and then swooping to kiss him on each cheek: He felt the places where her mouth had touched him burn. \ldblquote I \rquote ave been\lang3081  \lang1033 longing to see \rquote im. You remember my seester, Gabrielle? She never stops talking about \rquote Arry Potter. She will be delighted to see you again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 is she here too?\rdblquote  Harry croaked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, silly boy,\rdblquote  said Fleur with a tinkling laugh, \ldblquote I mean next summer, when we \emdash  but do you not know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her great blue eyes widened and she looked reproachfully at Mrs. Weasley, who said, \ldblquote We hadn\rquote t got around to telling him yet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fleur turned back to Harry, swinging her silvery sheet of hair so that it whipped Mrs. Weasley across the face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bill and I are going to be married!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Harry blankly. He could not help noticing how Mrs. Weasley, Hermione, and Ginny were all determinedly avoiding one another\rquote s gaze. \ldblquote Wow. Er \emdash  congratulations!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She swooped down upon him and kissed him again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bill is very busy at ze moment, working very \rquote ard, and I only work part-time at Gringotts for my Eenglish, so he brought me \rquote ere for a few days to get to know \rquote is family properly. I was so pleased to \rquote ear you would be coming \emdash  zere isn\rquote t much to do \rquote ere, unless you like cooking and chickens! Well \emdash  enjoy your breakfast, \rquote Arry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With these words she turned gracefully and seemed to float out of the room, closing the door quietly behind her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley made a noise that sounded like \ldblquote tchah!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum hates her,\rdblquote  said Ginny quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do not hate her!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley in a cross whisper. \ldblquote I just think they\rquote ve hurried into this engagement, that\rquote s all!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote ve known each other a year,\rdblquote  said Ron, who looked oddly groggy and was staring at the closed door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s not very long! I know why it\rquote s happened, of course.\lang3081  \lang1033 It\rquote s all this uncertainty with You-Know-Who coming back, people think they might be dead tomorrow, so they\rquote re rushing all sorts of decisions they\rquote d normally take time over. It was the same last time he was powerful, people eloping left, right, and center \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Including you and Dad,\rdblquote  said Ginny slyly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, well, your father and I were made for each other, what was the point in waiting?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote Whereas Bill and Fleur \'85 well \'85 what have they really got in common? He\rquote s a hard\-working, down-to-earth sort of person, whereas she\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A cow,\rdblquote  said Ginny, nodding. \ldblquote But Bill\rquote s not that down-to-earth. He\rquote s a Curse-Breaker, isn\rquote t he, he likes a bit of adventure, a bit of glamour. \'85 I expect that\rquote s why he\rquote s gone for Phlegm.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop calling her that, Ginny,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley sharply, as Harry and Hermione laughed. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote d better get on. \'85 Eat your eggs while they\rquote re warm, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Looking careworn, she left the room. Ron still seemed slightly punch-drunk; he was shaking his head experimentally like a dog trying to rid its ears of water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you get used to her if she\rquote s staying in the same house?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you do,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote but if she jumps out at you unex\-pectedly, like then \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s pathetic,\rdblquote  said Hermione furiously, striding away from Ron as far as she could go and turning to face him with her arms folded once she had reached the wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t really want her around forever?\rdblquote  Ginny asked Ron incredulously. When he merely shrugged, she said, \ldblquote Well, Mum\rquote s going to put a stop to it if she can, I bet you anything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote s she going to manage that?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She keeps trying to get Tonks round for dinner. I think she\rquote s hoping Bill will fall for Tonks instead. I hope he does, I\rquote d much rather have her in the family.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote ll work,\rdblquote  said Ron sarcastically. \ldblquote Listen, no bloke in his right mind\rquote s going to fancy Tonks when Fleur\rquote s around. I mean, Tonks is okay-looking when she isn\rquote t doing stupid things to her hair and her nose, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s a damn sight nicer than \i Phlegm,\i0\rquote\rquote  said Ginny\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And she\rquote s more intelligent, she\rquote s an Auror!\rdblquote  said Hermione from the corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fleur\rquote s not stupid, she was good enough to enter the Triwizard Tournament,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not you as well!\rdblquote  said Hermione bitterly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose you like the way Phlegm says \lquote\rquote Arry,\rquote  do you?\rdblquote  asked Ginny scornfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, wishing he hadn\rquote t spoken, \ldblquote I was just saying, Phlegm \emdash  I mean, Fleur \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d much rather have Tonks in the family,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote At least she\rquote s a laugh.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She hasn\rquote t been much of a laugh lately,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Every time I\rquote ve seen her she\rquote s looked more like Moaning Myrtle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s not fair,\rdblquote  snapped Hermione. \ldblquote She still hasn\rquote t got over what happened \'85 you know \'85 I mean, he was her cousin!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart sank. They had arrived at Sirius. He picked up a fork and began shoveling scrambled eggs into his mouth, hoping to deflect any invitation to join in this part of the conversation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tonks and Sirius barely knew each other!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Sirius was in Azkaban half her life and before that their families never met \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s not the point,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote She thinks it was her fault he died!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How does she work that one out?\rdblquote  asked Harry, in spite of himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, she was fighting Bellatrix Lestrange, wasn\rquote t she? I think she feels that if only she had finished her off, Bellatrix couldn\rquote t have killed Sirius.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s stupid,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s survivor\rquote s guilt,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I know Lupin\rquote s tried to talk her round, but she\rquote s still really down. She\rquote s actually having trouble with her Metamorphosing!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote With her \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She can\rquote t change her appearance like she used to,\rdblquote  explained Hermione. \ldblquote I think her powers must have been affected by shock, or something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t know that could happen,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nor did I,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote but I suppose if you\rquote re really de\-pressed \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door opened again and Mrs. Weasley popped her head in. \ldblquote Ginny,\rdblquote  she whispered, \ldblquote come downstairs and help me with the lunch.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m talking to this lot!\rdblquote  said Ginny, outraged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, and withdrew.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She only wants me there so she doesn\rquote t have to be alone with Phlegm!\rdblquote  said Ginny crossly. She swung her long red hair around in a very good imitation of Fleur and pranced across the room with her arms held aloft like a ballerina.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You lot had better come down quickly too,\rdblquote  she said as she left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took advantage of the temporary silence to eat more breakfast. Hermione was peering into Fred and George\rquote s boxes, though every now and then she cast sideways looks at Harry. Ron, who was now helping himself to Harry\rquote s toast, was still gazing dreamily at the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s this?\rdblquote  Hermione asked eventually, holding up what looked like a small telescope.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote but if Fred and George\rquote ve left it here, it\rquote s probably not ready for the joke shop yet, so be careful.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your mum said the shop\rquote s going well,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Said Fred and George have got a real flair for business.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s an understatement,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote They\rquote re raking in the Galleons! I can\rquote t wait to see the place, we haven\rquote t been to Diagon Alley yet, because Mum says Dad\rquote s got to be there for extra security and he\rquote s been really busy at work, but it sounds excellent.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what about Percy?\rdblquote  asked Harry; the third-eldest Weasley brother had fallen out with the rest of the family. \ldblquote Is he talking to your mum and dad again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nope,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he knows your dad was right all along now about Volde\-mort being back \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore says people find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than being right,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I heard him telling your mum, Ron.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sounds like the sort of mental thing Dumbledore would say,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s going to be giving me private lessons this year,\rdblquote  said Harry conversationally.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron choked on his bit of toast, and Hermione gasped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You kept that quiet!\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I only just remembered,\rdblquote  said Harry honestly. \ldblquote He told me last night in your broom shed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey \'85 private lessons with Dumbledore!\rdblquote  said Ron, look\-ing impressed. \ldblquote I wonder why he\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice tailed away. Harry saw him and Hermione exchange looks. Harry laid down his knife and fork, his heart beating rather fast considering that all he was doing was sitting in bed. Dumble\-dore had said to do it. \'85 Why not now? He fixed his eyes on his fork, which was gleaming in the sunlight streaming into his lap, and said, \ldblquote I don\rquote t know exactly why he\rquote s going to be giving me lessons, but I think it must be because of the prophecy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neither Ron nor Hermione spoke. Harry had the impression that both had frozen. He continued, still speaking to his fork, \ldblquote You know, the one they were trying to steal at the Ministry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nobody knows what it said, though,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly. \ldblquote It got smashed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Although the \i Prophet\i0  says \emdash\rdblquote  began Ron, but Hermione said, \ldblquote Shh!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The \i Prophet\rquote s\i0  got it right,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking up at them both with a great effort: Hermione seemed frightened and Ron amazed. \ldblquote That glass ball that smashed wasn\rquote t the only record of the prophecy. I heard the whole thing in Dumbledore\rquote s office, he was the one the prophecy was made to, so he could tell me. From what it said,\rdblquote  Harry took a deep breath, \ldblquote it looks like I\rquote m the one who\rquote s got to finish off Voldemort. \'85 At least, it said neither of us could live while the other survives.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The three of them gazed at one another in silence for a moment. Then there was a loud bang and Hermione vanished behind a puff of black smoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione!\rdblquote  shouted Harry and Ron; the breakfast tray slid to the floor with a crash.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione emerged, coughing, out of the smoke, clutching the telescope and sporting a brilliantly purple black eye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I squeezed it and it \emdash  it punched me!\rdblquote  she gasped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And sure enough, they now saw a tiny fist on a long spring pro\-truding from the end of the telescope.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was plainly trying not to laugh, \ldblquote Mum\rquote ll fix that, she\rquote s good at healing minor injuries \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh well, never mind that now!\rdblquote  said Hermione hastily. \ldblquote Harry, oh, Harry \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She sat down on the edge of his bed again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We wondered, after we got back from the Ministry \'85 Obvi\-ously, we didn\rquote t want to say anything to you, but from what Lucius Malfoy said about the prophecy, how it was about you and Volde\-mort, well, we thought it might be something like this. \'85 Oh, Harry \'85\rdblquote  She stared at him, then whispered, \ldblquote Are you scared?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not as much as I was,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote When I first heard it, I was \'85 but now, it seems as though I always knew I\rquote d have to face him in the end. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When we heard Dumbledore was collecting you in person, we thought he might be telling you something or showing you some\-thing to do with the prophecy,\rdblquote  said Ron eagerly. \ldblquote And we were kind of right, weren\rquote t we? He wouldn\rquote t be giving you lessons if he thought you were a goner, wouldn\rquote t waste his time \emdash  he must think you\rquote ve got a chance!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s true,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I wonder what he\rquote ll teach you, Harry? Really advanced defensive magic, probably\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 powerful countercurses \'85 anti-jinxes \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not really listen. A warmth was spreading through him that had nothing to do with the sunlight; a tight obstruction in his chest seemed to be dissolving. He knew that Ron and Hermione were more shocked than they were letting on, but the mere fact that they were still there on either side of him, speaking bracing words of comfort, not shrinking from him as though he were contaminated or dangerous, was worth more than he could ever tell them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and evasive enchantments generally,\rdblquote  concluded Hermi\-one. \ldblquote Well, at least you know one lesson you\rquote ll be having this year, that\rquote s one more than Ron and me. I wonder when our O.W.L. re\-sults will come?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t be long now, it\rquote s been a month,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on,\rdblquote  said Harry, as another part of last night\rquote s conver\-sation came back to him. \ldblquote I think Dumbledore said our O.W.L. results would be arriving today!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Today?\rdblquote  shrieked Hermione. \ldblquote\i Today\i0 ? But why didn\rquote t you \emdash  oh my God \emdash  you should have said \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She leapt to her feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to see whether any owls have come. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But when Harry arrived downstairs ten minutes later, fully dressed and carrying his empty breakfast tray, it was to find Hermione sitting at the kitchen table in great agitation, while Mrs. Weasley tried to lessen her resemblance to half a panda.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It just won\rquote t budge,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley was saying anxiously, stand\-ing over Hermione with her wand in her hand and a copy of \i The\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i Healer\rquote s Helpmate\i0  open at \ldblquote Bruises, Cuts, and Abrasions.\rdblquote  \ldblquote This has always worked before, I just can\rquote t understand it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote ll be Fred and George\rquote s idea of a funny joke, making sure it can\rquote t come off,\rdblquote  said Ginny\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it\rquote s got to come off!\rdblquote  squeaked Hermione. \ldblquote I can\rquote t go around looking like this forever!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You won\rquote t, dear, we\rquote ll find an antidote, don\rquote t worry,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley soothingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bill told me \rquote ow Fred and George are very amusing!\rdblquote  said Fleur, smiling serenely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I can hardly breathe for laughing,\rdblquote  snapped Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She jumped up and started walking round and round the kitchen, twisting her fingers together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mrs. Weasley, you\rquote re quite, quite sure no owls have arrived this morning?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, dear, I\rquote d have noticed,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley patiently. \ldblquote But it\rquote s barely nine, there\rquote s still plenty of time. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know I messed up Ancient Runes,\rdblquote  muttered Hermione feverishly, \ldblquote I definitely made at least one serious mistranslation. And the Defense Against the Dark Arts practical was no good at all. I thought Transfiguration went all right at the time, but looking back \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, will you shut up, you\rquote re not the only one who\rquote s nervous!\rdblquote  barked Ron. \ldblquote And when you\rquote ve got your eleven \lquote Out\-standing\rquote  O.W.L.s \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t, don\rquote t, don\rquote t!\rdblquote  said Hermione, flapping her hands hyster\-ically. \ldblquote I know I\rquote ve failed everything!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happens if we fail?\rdblquote  Harry asked the room at large, but it was again Hermione who answered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We discuss our options with our Head of House, I asked Pro\-fessor McGonagall at the end of last term.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s stomach squirmed. He wished he had eaten less breakfast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At Beauxbatons,\rdblquote  said Fleur complacently, \ldblquote we \rquote ad a different way of doing things. I think eet was better. We sat our examina\-tions after six years of study, not five, and then \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fleur\rquote s words were drowned in a scream. Hermione was pointing through the kitchen window. Three black specks were clearly visi\-ble in the sky, growing larger all the time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re definitely owls,\rdblquote  said Ron hoarsely, jumping up to join Hermione at the window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And there are three of them,\rdblquote  said Harry, hastening to her other side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One for each of us,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a terrified whisper. \ldblquote Oh no \'85 oh no \'85 oh no \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She gripped both Harry and Ron tightly around the elbows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The owls were flying directly at the Burrow, three handsome tawnies, each of which, it became clear as they flew lower over the path leading up to the house, was carrying a large square envelope.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \i no\i0 !\rdblquote  squealed Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley squeezed past them and opened the kitchen win\-dow. One, two, three, the owls soared through it and landed on the table in a neat line. All three of them lifted their right legs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry moved forward. The letter addressed to him was tied to the leg of the owl in the middle. He untied it with fumbling fin\-gers. To his left, Ron was trying to detach his own results; to his right, Hermione\rquote s hands were shaking so much she was making her whole owl tremble.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody in the kitchen spoke. At last, Harry managed to detach the envelope. He slit it open quickly and unfolded the parchment inside.\par
\lang3081\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 ORDINARY WIZARDING LEVEL RESULTS\lang3081\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft794\trqc\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx4536\cellx6429\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i Pass Grades\cell Fail Grades\lang3081\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft794\trqc\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx4536\cellx6429\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0 Outstanding (O)\cell Poor (P)\lang3081\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft794\trqc\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx4536\cellx6429\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 Exceeds Expectations (E)\cell Dreadful (D)\lang3081\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft794\trqc\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx4536\cellx6429\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 Acceptable (A)\cell Troll (T)\cell\row\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\i Harry James Potter has achieved:\lang3081\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft1418\trqc\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5103\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5669\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0 Astronomy\cell A\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft1418\trqc\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5103\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5669\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj Care of Magical Creatures\lang3081\cell\lang1033 E\lang3081\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft1418\trqc\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5103\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5669\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 Charms\cell E\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft1418\trqc\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5103\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5669\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj Defense Against the Dark Arts\cell O\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft1418\trqc\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5103\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5669\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj Divination\cell P\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft1418\trqc\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5103\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5669\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj Herbology\cell E\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft1418\trqc\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5103\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5669\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj History of Magic\cell D\lang3081\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft1418\trqc\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5103\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5669\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 Potions\lang3081\cell E\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft1418\trqc\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5103\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx5669\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 Transfiguration\cell E\lang3081\cell\row\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\lang1033 Harry read the parchment through several times, his breathing becoming easier with each reading. It was all right: He had always known that he would fail Divination, and he had had no chance of passing History of Magic, given that he had collapsed halfway through the examination, but he had passed everything else! He ran his finger down the grades \'85 he had passed well in Transfiguration\lang3081  \lang1033 and Herbology, he had even exceeded expectations at Potions! And best of all, he had achieved \ldblquote Outstanding\rdblquote  at Defense Against the Dark Arts!\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around. Hermione had her back to him and her head bent, but Ron was looking delighted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only failed Divination and History of Magic, and who cares about them?\rdblquote  he said happily to Harry. \ldblquote Here \emdash  swap \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced down Ron\rquote s grades: There were no \ldblquote Outstand\-ings\rdblquote  there. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Knew you\rquote d be top at Defense Against the Dark Arts,\rdblquote  said Ron, punching Harry on the shoulder. \ldblquote We\rquote ve done all right, haven\rquote t we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well done!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley proudly, ruffling Ron\rquote s hair. \ldblquote Seven O.W.L.s, that\rquote s more than Fred and George got together!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione?\rdblquote  said Ginny tentatively, for Hermione still hadn\rquote t turned around. \ldblquote How did you do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  not bad,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a small voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, come off it,\rdblquote  said Ron, striding over to her and whipping her results out of her hand. \ldblquote Yep \emdash  nine \lquote Outstandings\rquote  and one \lquote Exceeds Expectations\rquote  at Defense Against the Dark Arts.\rdblquote  He looked down at her, half-amused, half-exasperated. \ldblquote You\rquote re actually disappointed, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione shook her head, but Harry laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we\rquote re N.E.W.T. students now!\rdblquote  grinned Ron. \ldblquote Mum, are there any more sausages?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked back down at his results. They were as good as he could have hoped for. He felt just one tiny twinge of regret. \'85 This was the end of his ambition to become an Auror. He had not\lang3081  \lang1033 secured the required Potions grade. He had known all along that he wouldn\rquote t, but he still felt a sinking in his stomach as he looked again at that small black E.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was odd, really, seeing that it had been a Death Eater in dis\-guise who had first told Harry he would make a good Auror, but somehow the idea had taken hold of him, and he couldn\rquote t really think of anything else he would like to be. Moreover, it had seemed the right destiny for him since he had heard the prophecy a few weeks ago. \'85 \i Neither can live while the other survives. \'85\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 Wouldn\rquote t he be living up to the prophecy, and giving himself the best chance of survival, if he joined those highly trained wizards whose job it was to find and kill Voldemort?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 6\par
\pard\qc Draco\rquote s Detour\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry remained within the confines of the Burrow\rquote s gar\-den over the next few weeks. He spent most of his days playing two-a-side Quidditch in the Weasleys\rquote  orchard (he and Hermione against Ron and Ginny; Hermione was dreadful and Ginny good, so they were reasonably well matched) and his eve\-nings eating triple helpings of everything Mrs. Weasley put in front of him.\par
It would have been a happy, peaceful holiday had it not been for the stories of disappearances, odd accidents, even of deaths now appearing almost daily in the \i Prophet.\i0  Sometimes Bill and Mr. Weasley brought home news before it even reached the paper. To Mrs. Weasley\rquote s displeasure, Harry\rquote s sixteenth birthday celebrations were marred by grisly tidings brought to the party by Remus Lupin, who was looking gaunt and grim, his brown hair streaked liberally with gray, his clothes more ragged and patched than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There have been another couple of dementor attacks,\rdblquote  he\lang3081  \lang1033 announced, as Mrs. Weasley passed him a large slice of birthday cake. \ldblquote And they\rquote ve found Igor Karkaroff\rquote s body in a shack up north. The Dark Mark had been set over it \emdash  well, frankly, I\rquote m surprised he stayed alive for even a year after deserting the Death Eaters; Sirius\rquote s brother, Regulus, only managed a few days as far as I can remember.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, well,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, frowning, \ldblquote perhaps we should talk about something diff\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you hear about Florean Fortescue, Remus?\rdblquote  asked Bill, who was being plied with wine by Fleur. \ldblquote The man who ran \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  the ice-cream place in Diagon Alley?\rdblquote  Harry interrupted, with an unpleasant, hollow sensation in the pit of his stomach. \ldblquote He used to give me free ice creams. What\rquote s happened to him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dragged off, by the look of his place.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  asked Ron, while Mrs. Weasley pointedly glared at Bill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who knows? He must\rquote ve upset them somehow. He was a good man, Florean.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Talking of Diagon Alley,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, \ldblquote looks like Olli\-vander\rquote s gone too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The wandmaker?\rdblquote  said Ginny, looking startled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s the one. Shop\rquote s empty. No sign of a struggle. No one knows whether he left voluntarily or was kidnapped.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But wands \emdash  what\rquote ll people do for wands?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote ll make do with other makers,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote But Ollivan\-der was the best, and if the other side have got him it\rquote s not so good for us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The day after this rather gloomy birthday tea, their letters and booklists arrived from Hogwarts. Harry\rquote s included a surprise: He had been made Quidditch Captain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That gives you equal status with prefects!\rdblquote  cried Hermione happily. \ldblquote You can use our special bathroom now and everything!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wow, I remember when Charlie wore one of these,\rdblquote  said Ron, examining the badge with glee. \ldblquote Harry, this is so cool, you\rquote re my Captain \emdash  if you let me back on the team, I suppose, ha ha. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t suppose we can put off a trip to Diagon Alley much longer now you\rquote ve got these,\rdblquote  sighed Mrs. Weasley, looking down Ron\rquote s booklist. \ldblquote We\rquote ll go on Saturday as long as your father doesn\rquote t have to go into work again. I\rquote m not going there without him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum, d\rquote you honestly think You-Know-Who\rquote s going to be hid\-ing behind a bookshelf in Flourish and Blotts?\rdblquote  sniggered Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fortescue and Ollivander went on holiday, did they?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, firing up at once. \ldblquote If you think security\rquote s a laughing mat\-ter you can stay behind and I\rquote ll get your things myself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I wanna come, I want to see Fred and George\rquote s shop!\rdblquote  said Ron hastily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then you just buck up your ideas, young man, before I decide you\rquote re too immature to come with us!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley angrily, snatching up her clock, all nine hands of which were still pointing at \ldblquote mortal peril,\rdblquote  and balancing it on top of a pile of just-laundered towels. \ldblquote And that goes for returning to Hogwarts as well!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron turned to stare incredulously at Harry as his mother hoisted the laundry basket and the teetering clock into her arms and stormed out of the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey \'85 you can\rquote t even make a joke round here anymore. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ron was careful not to be flippant about Voldemort over the next few days. Saturday dawned without any more outbursts from Mrs. Weasley, though she seemed very tense at breakfast. Bill, who\lang3081  \lang1033 would be staying at home with Fleur (much to Hermione and Ginny\rquote s pleasure), passed a full money bag across the table to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s mine?\rdblquote  demanded Ron at once, his eyes wide.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s already Harry\rquote s, idiot,\rdblquote  said Bill. \ldblquote I got it out of your vault for you, Harry, because it\rquote s taking about five hours for the public to get to their gold at the moment, the goblins have tight\-ened security so much. Two days ago Arkie Philpott had a Probity Probe stuck up his \'85 Well, trust me, this way\rquote s easier.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks, Bill,\rdblquote  said Harry, pocketing his gold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote E is always so thoughtful,\rdblquote  purred Fleur adoringly, stroking Bill\rquote s nose. Ginny mimed vomiting into her cereal behind Fleur. Harry choked over his cornflakes, and Ron thumped him on the back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was an overcast, murky day. One of the special Ministry of Magic cars, in which Harry had ridden once before, was awaiting them in the front yard when they emerged from the house, pulling on their cloaks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s good Dad can get us these again,\rdblquote  said Ron appreciatively, stretching luxuriously as the car moved smoothly away from the Burrow, Bill and Fleur waving from the kitchen window. He, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny were all sitting in roomy comfort in the wide backseat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t get used to it, it\rquote s only because of Harry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weas\-ley over his shoulder. He and Mrs. Weasley were in front with the Ministry driver; the front passenger seat had obligingly stretched into what resembled a two-seater sofa. \ldblquote He\rquote s been given top-grade security status. And we\rquote ll be joining up with additional security at the Leaky Cauldron too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said nothing; he did not much fancy doing his shopping\lang3081  \lang1033 while surrounded by a battalion of Aurors. He had stowed his Invisibility Cloak in his backpack and felt that, if that was good enough for Dumbledore, it ought to be good enough for the Min\-istry, though now he came to think of it, he was not sure the Ministry knew about his cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here you are, then,\rdblquote  said the driver, a surprisingly short while later, speaking for the first time as he slowed in Charing Cross Road and stopped outside the Leaky Cauldron. \ldblquote I\rquote m to wait for you, any idea how long you\rquote ll be?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A couple of hours, I expect,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Ah, good, he\rquote s here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry imitated Mr. Weasley and peered through the window; his heart leapt. There were no Aurors waiting outside the inn, but instead the gigantic, black-bearded form of Rubeus Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, wearing a long beaverskin coat, beaming at the sight of Harry\rquote s face and oblivious to the startled stares of pass\-ing Muggles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  he boomed, sweeping Harry into a bone-crushing hug the moment Harry had stepped out of the car. \ldblquote Buckbeak \emdash  Witherwings, I mean \emdash  yeh should see him, Harry, he\rquote s so happy ter be back in the open air \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Glad he\rquote s pleased,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning as he massaged his ribs. \ldblquote We didn\rquote t know \lquote security\rquote  meant you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, jus\rquote  like old times, innit? See, the Ministry wanted ter send a bunch o\rquote  Aurors, but Dumbledore said I\rquote d do,\rdblquote  said Hagrid proudly, throwing out his chest and tucking his thumbs into his pockets. \ldblquote Let\rquote s get goin\rquote  then \emdash  after yeh, Molly, Arthur \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Leaky Cauldron was, for the first time in Harry\rquote s memory, completely empty. Only Tom the landlord, wizened and toothless,\lang3081  \lang1033 remained of the old crowd. He looked up hopefully as they en\-tered, but before he could speak, Hagrid said importantly, \ldblquote Jus\rquote  passin\rquote  through today, Tom, sure yeh understand, Hogwarts busi\-ness, yeh know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tom nodded gloomily and returned to wiping glasses; Harry, Hermione, Hagrid, and the Weasleys walked through the bar and out into the chilly little courtyard at the back where the dustbins stood. Hagrid raised his pink umbrella and rapped a certain brick in the wall, which opened at once to form an archway onto a wind\-ing cobbled street. They stepped through the entrance and paused, looking around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Diagon Alley had changed. The colorful, glittering window dis\-plays of spellbooks, potion ingredients, and cauldrons were lost to view, hidden behind the large Ministry of Magic posters that had been pasted over them. Most of these somber purple posters carried blown-up versions of the security advice on the Ministry pam\-phlets that had been sent out over the summer, but others bore moving black-and-white photographs of Death Eaters known to be on the loose. Bellatrix Lestrange was sneering from the front of the nearest apothecary. A few windows were boarded up, including those of Florean Fortescue\rquote s Ice Cream Parlor. On the other hand, a number of shabby-looking stalls had sprung up along the street. The nearest one, which had been erected outside Flourish and Blotts, under a striped, stained awning, had a cardboard sign pinned to its front:\par
\par
\pard\qc\i AMULETS\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Effective Against Werewolves, Dementors, and Inferi\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
A seedy-looking little wizard was rattling armfuls of silver sym\-bols on chains at passersby.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One for your little girl, madam?\rdblquote  he called at Mrs. Weasley as they passed, leering at Ginny. \ldblquote Protect her pretty neck?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I were on duty \'85\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, glaring angrily at the amulet seller.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but don\rquote t go arresting anyone now, dear, we\rquote re in a hurry,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, nervously consulting a list. \ldblquote I think we\rquote d better do Madam Malkin\rquote s first, Hermione wants new dress robes, and Ron\rquote s showing much too much ankle in his school robes, and you must need new ones too, Harry, you\rquote ve grown so much \emdash  come on, everyone \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly, it doesn\rquote t make sense for all of us to go to Madam Mal\-kin\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Why don\rquote t those three go with Hagrid, and we can go to Flourish and Blotts and get everyone\rquote s school\-books?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley anxiously, clearly torn be\-tween a desire to finish the shopping quickly and the wish to stick together in a pack. \ldblquote Hagrid, do you think \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote  fret, they\rquote ll be fine with me, Molly,\rdblquote  said Hagrid sooth\-ingly, waving an airy hand the size of a dustbin lid. Mrs. Weasley did not look entirely convinced, but allowed the separation, scur\-rying off toward Flourish and Blotts with her husband and Ginny while Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Hagrid set off for Madam Malkin\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry noticed that many of the people who passed them had the same harried, anxious look as Mrs. Weasley, and that nobody was stopping to talk anymore; the shoppers stayed together in their\lang3081  \lang1033 own tightly knit groups, moving intently about their business. No\-body seemed to be shopping alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Migh\rquote  be a bit of a squeeze in there with all of us,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, stopping outside Madam Malkin\rquote s and bending down to peer through the window. \ldblquote I\rquote ll stand guard outside, all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 So Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the little shop together. It appeared, at first glance, to be empty, but no sooner had the door swung shut behind them than they heard a familiar voice issuing from behind a rack of dress robes in spangled green and blue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 not a child, in case you haven\rquote t noticed, Mother. I am per\-fectly capable of doing my shopping \i alone.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a clucking noise and a voice Harry recognized as that of Madam Malkin, the owner, said, \ldblquote Now, dear, your mother\rquote s quite right, none of us is supposed to go wandering around on our own anymore, it\rquote s nothing to do with being a child \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Watch where you\rquote re sticking that pin, will you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A teenage boy with a pale, pointed face and white-blond hair ap\-peared from behind the rack, wearing a handsome set of dark green robes that glittered with pins around the hem and the edges of the sleeves. He strode to the mirror and examined himself; it was a few moments before he noticed Harry, Ron, and Hermione reflected over his shoulder. His light gray eyes narrowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you\rquote re wondering what the smell is, Mother, a Mudblood just walked in,\rdblquote  said Draco Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think there\rquote s any need for language like that!\rdblquote  said Madam Malkin, scurrying out from behind the clothes rack hold\-ing a tape measure and a wand. \ldblquote And I don\rquote t want wands drawn in my shop either!\rdblquote  she added hastily, for a glance toward the door\lang3081  \lang1033 had shown her Harry and Ron both standing there with their wands out and pointing at Malfoy. Hermione, who was standing slightly behind them, whispered, \ldblquote No, don\rquote t, honestly, it\rquote s not worth it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, like you\rquote d dare do magic out of school,\rdblquote  sneered Malfoy. \ldblquote Who blacked your eye, Granger? I want to send them flowers.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s quite enough!\rdblquote  said Madam Malkin sharply, looking over her shoulder for support. \ldblquote Madam \emdash  please \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Narcissa Malfoy strolled out from behind the clothes rack.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Put those away,\rdblquote  she said coldly to Harry and Ron. \ldblquote If you at\-tack my son again, I shall ensure that it is the last thing you ever do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote  said Harry, taking a step forward and gazing into the smoothly arrogant face that, for all its pallor, still resembled her sis\-ter\rquote s. He was as tall as she was now. \ldblquote Going to get a few Death Eater pals to do us in, are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Malkin squealed and clutched at her heart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really, you shouldn\rquote t accuse \emdash  dangerous thing to say \emdash  wands away, please!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry did not lower his wand. Narcissa Malfoy smiled unpleasantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see that being Dumbledore\rquote s favorite has given you a false sense of security, Harry Potter. But Dumbledore won\rquote t always be there to protect you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked mockingly all around the shop. \ldblquote Wow \'85 look at that\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 he\rquote s not here now! So why not have a go? They might be able to find you a double cell in Azkaban with your loser of a husband!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy made an angry movement toward Harry, but stumbled over his overlong robe. Ron laughed loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you dare talk to my mother like that, Potter!\rdblquote  Malfoy snarled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all right, Draco,\rdblquote  said Narcissa, restraining him with her thin white fingers upon his shoulder. \ldblquote I expect Potter will be re\-united with dear Sirius before I am reunited with Lucius.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry raised his wand higher.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, no!\rdblquote  moaned Hermione, grabbing his arm and attempt\-ing to push it down by his side. \ldblquote Think. \'85 You mustn\rquote t. \'85 You\rquote ll be in such trouble. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Malkin dithered for a moment on the spot, then seemed to decide to act as though nothing was happening in the hope that it wouldn\rquote t. She bent toward Malfoy, who was still glaring at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think this left sleeve could come up a little bit more, dear, let me just \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ouch!\rdblquote  bellowed Malfoy, slapping her hand away. \ldblquote Watch where you\rquote re putting your pins, woman! Mother \emdash  I don\rquote t think I want these anymore \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled the robes over his head and threw them onto the floor at Madam Malkin\rquote s feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re right, Draco,\rdblquote  said Narcissa, with a contemptuous glance at Hermione, \ldblquote now I know the kind of scum that shops here. \'85 We\rquote ll do better at Twilfitt and Tatting\rquote s.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And with that, the pair of them strode out of the shop, Malfoy taking care to bang as hard as he could into Ron on the way out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, \i really\i0 !\rdblquote  said Madam Malkin, snatching up the fallen robes\lang3081  \lang1033 and moving the tip of her wand over them like a vacuum cleaner, so that it removed all the dust.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was distracted all through the fitting of Ron\rquote s and Harry\rquote s new robes, tried to sell Hermione wizard\rquote s dress robes instead of witch\rquote s, and when she finally bowed them out of the shop it was with an air of being glad to see the back of them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Got ev\rquote rything?\rdblquote  asked Hagrid brightly when they reappeared at his side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just about,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Did you see the Malfoys?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, unconcerned. \ldblquote Bu\rquote  they wouldn\rquote  dare make trouble in the middle o\rquote  Diagon Alley, Harry. Don\rquote  worry abou\rquote  them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged looks, but before they could disabuse Hagrid of this comfortable notion, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny appeared, all clutching heavy packages of books.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everyone all right?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote Got your robes? Right then, we can pop in at the Apothecary and Eeylops on the way to Fred and George\rquote s \emdash  stick close, now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neither Harry nor Ron bought any ingredients at the Apothe\-cary, seeing that they were no longer studying Potions, but both bought large boxes of owl nuts for Hedwig and Pigwidgeon at Eey\-lops Owl Emporium. Then, with Mrs. Weasley checking her watch every minute or so, they headed farther along the street in search of Weasleys\rquote  Wizard Wheezes, the joke shop run by Fred and George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We really haven\rquote t got too long,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley said. \ldblquote So we\rquote ll just have a quick look around and then back to the car. We must be close, that\rquote s number ninety-two \'85 ninety-four \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Whoa,\i0\rdblquote  said Ron, stopping in his tracks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Set against the dull, poster-muffled shop fronts around them, Fred and George\rquote s windows hit the eye like a firework display. Casual passersby were looking back over their shoulders at the win\-dows, and a few rather stunned-looking people had actually come to a halt, transfixed. The left-hand window was dazzlingly full of an assortment of goods that revolved, popped, flashed, bounced, and shrieked; Harry\rquote s eyes began to water just looking at it. The right-hand window was covered with a gigantic poster, purple like those of the Ministry, but emblazoned with flashing yellow letters:\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 WHY ARE YOU WORRYING ABOUT\lang3081\par
\lang1033 YOU-KNOW-WHO?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 YOU SHOULD BE WORRYING ABOUT\lang3081\par
\lang1033  U-NO-POO\lang3081\emdash\par
\lang1033 THE CONSTIPATION SENSATION\lang3081\par
\lang1033 THAT\rquote S GRIPPING THE NATION!\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\lang1033 Harry started to laugh. He heard a weak sort of moan beside him and looked around to see Mrs. Weasley gazing, dumbfounded, at the poster. Her lips moved silently, mouthing the name \ldblquote U-No-Poo.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote ll be murdered in their beds!\rdblquote  she whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No they won\rquote t!\rdblquote  said Ron, who, like Harry, was laughing. \ldblquote This is brilliant!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he and Harry led the way into the shop. It was packed with customers; Harry could not get near the shelves. He stared around, looking up at the boxes piled to the ceiling: Here were the Skiving Snackboxes that the twins had perfected during their last, unfinished year at Hogwarts; Harry noticed that the Nosebleed Nougat was most popular, with only one battered box left on the shelf. There were bins full of trick wands, the cheapest merely turning into rubber chickens or pairs of briefs when waved, the most ex\-pensive beating the unwary user around the head and neck, and boxes of quills, which came in Self-Inking, Spell-Checking, and Smart-Answer varieties. A space cleared in the crowd, and Harry pushed his way toward the counter, where a gaggle of delighted ten-year-olds was watching a tiny little wooden man slowly as\-cending the steps to a real set of gallows, both perched on a box that read: REUSABLE HANGMAN \emdash  SPELL IT OR HE\rquote LL SWING!\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Patented Daydream Charms \'85\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione had managed to squeeze through to a large display near the counter and was reading the information on the back of a box bearing a highly colored picture of a handsome youth and a swooning girl who were standing on the deck of a pirate ship.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote One simple incantation and you will enter a top-quality, highly realistic, thirty-minute daydream, easy to fit into the average school lesson and virtually undetectable (side effects include vacant expression and minor drooling). Not for sale to under-sixteens.\rquote  You know,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking up at Harry, \ldblquote that really is ex\-traordinary magic!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For that, Hermione,\rdblquote  said a voice behind them, \ldblquote you can have one for free.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A beaming Fred stood before them, wearing a set of magenta robes that clashed magnificently with his flaming hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are you, Harry?\rdblquote  They shook hands. \ldblquote And what\rquote s hap\-pened to your eye, Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your punching telescope,\rdblquote  she said ruefully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh blimey, I forgot about those,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote Here \i\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 He pulled a tub out of his pocket and handed it to her; she un\-screwed it gingerly to reveal a thick yellow paste.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just dab it on, that bruise\rquote ll be gone within the hour,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote We had to find a decent bruise remover. \ldblquote We\rquote re testing most of our products on ourselves.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked nervous. \ldblquote It is \i safe,\i0  isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  she asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course it is,\rdblquote  said Fred bracingly. \ldblquote Come on, Harry, I\rquote ll give you a tour.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry left Hermione dabbing her black eye with paste and fol\-lowed Fred toward the back of the shop, where he saw a stand of card and rope tricks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Muggle magic tricks!\rdblquote  said Fred happily, pointing them out. \ldblquote For freaks like Dad, you know, who love Muggle stuff. It\rquote s not a big earner, but we do fairly steady business, they\rquote re great novelties. \'85 Oh, here\rquote s George. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred\rquote s twin shook Harry\rquote s hand energetically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Giving him the tour? Come through the back, Harry, that\rquote s where we\rquote re making the real money\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\lang3081  \lang1033\i pocket anything, you, and you\rquote ll pay in more than Galleons\i0 !\rdblquote  he added warningly to a small boy who hastily whipped his hand out of the tub labeled EDIBLE DARK\lang3081  \lang1033 MARKS\lang3081  \emdash  \lang1033 THEY\rquote LL MAKE ANYONE SICK!\lang3081\par
\lang1033 George pushed back a curtain beside the Muggle tricks and Harry saw a darker, less crowded room. The packaging on the products lining these shelves was more subdued.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve just developed this more serious line,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote Funny how it happened \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You wouldn\rquote t believe how many people, even people who work at the Ministry, can\rquote t do a decent Shield Charm,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote  \rquote Course, they didn\rquote t have you teaching them, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right. \'85 Well, we thought Shield Hats were a bit of a laugh, you know, challenge your mate to jinx you while wearing it and watch his face when the jinx just bounces off. But the Ministry bought five hundred for all its support staff! And we\rquote re still getting massive orders!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So we\rquote ve expanded into a range of Shield Cloaks, Shield Gloves \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 I mean, they wouldn\rquote t help much against the Unforgivable Curses, but for minor to moderate hexes or jinxes \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then we thought we\rquote d get into the whole area of Defense Against the Dark Arts, because it\rquote s such a money spinner,\rdblquote  contin\-ued George enthusiastically. \ldblquote This is cool. Look, Instant Darkness Powder, we\rquote re importing it from Peru. Handy if you want to make a quick escape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And our Decoy Detonators are just walking off the shelves, look,\rdblquote  said Fred, pointing at a number of weird-looking black horn-type objects that were indeed attempting to scurry out of sight. \ldblquote You just drop one surreptitiously and it\rquote ll run off and make a nice loud noise out of sight, giving you a diversion if you need one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Handy,\rdblquote  said Harry, impressed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  said George, catching a couple and throwing them to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A young witch with short blonde hair poked her head around the curtain; Harry saw that she too was wearing magenta staff robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s a customer out here looking for a joke cauldron, Mr. Weasley and Mr. Weasley,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry found it very odd to hear Fred and George called \ldblquote Mr. Weasley,\rdblquote  but they took it in their stride.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right you are, Verity, I\rquote m coming,\rdblquote  said George promptly. \ldblquote Harry, you help yourself to anything you want, all right? No charge.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t do that!\rdblquote  said Harry, who had already pulled out his money bag to pay for the Decoy Detonators.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t pay here,\rdblquote  said Fred firmly, waving away Harry\rquote s gold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You gave us our start-up loan, we haven\rquote t forgotten,\rdblquote  said George sternly. \ldblquote Take whatever you like, and just remember to tell people where you got it, if they ask.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 George swept off through the curtain to help with the cus\-tomers, and Fred led Harry back into the main part of the shop to find Hermione and Ginny still poring over the Patented Daydream Charms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Haven\rquote t you girls found our special WonderWitch products yet?\rdblquote  asked Fred. \ldblquote Follow me, ladies. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Near the window was an array of violently pink products around which a cluster of excited girls was giggling enthusiastically. Hermi\-one and Ginny both hung back, looking wary.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There you go,\rdblquote  said Fred proudly. \ldblquote Best range of love potions you\rquote ll find anywhere.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny raised an eyebrow skeptically. \ldblquote Do they work?\rdblquote  she asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly they work, for up to twenty-four hours at a time de\-pending on the weight of the boy in question \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and the attractiveness of the girl,\rdblquote  said George, reappearing suddenly at their side. \ldblquote But we\rquote re not selling them to our sister,\rdblquote  he added, becoming suddenly stern, \ldblquote not when she\rquote s already got about five boys on the go from what we\rquote ve \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whatever you\rquote ve heard from Ron is a big fat lie,\rdblquote  said Ginny calmly, leaning forward to take a small pink pot off the shelf. \ldblquote What\rquote s this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Guaranteed ten-second pimple vanisher,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote Excellent on everything from boils to blackheads, but don\rquote t change the sub\-ject. Are you or are you not currently going out with a boy called Dean Thomas?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I am,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote And last time I looked, he was defi\-nitely one boy, not five. What are those?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was pointing at a number of round balls of fluff in shades of pink and purple, all rolling around the bottom of a cage and emit\-ting high-pitched squeaks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pygmy Puffs,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Miniature puffskeins, we can\rquote t breed them fast enough. So what about Michael Corner?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dumped him, he was a bad loser,\rdblquote  said Ginny, putting a finger through the bars of the cage and watching the Pygmy Puffs crowd around it. \ldblquote They\rquote re really cute!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re fairly cuddly, yes,\rdblquote  conceded Fred. \ldblquote But you\rquote re moving through boyfriends a bit fast, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny turned to look at him, her hands on her hips. There was such a Mrs. Weasley-ish glare on her face that Harry was surprised Fred didn\rquote t recoil.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s none of your business. And I\rquote ll thank \i you,\i0\rdblquote  she added an\-grily to Ron, who had just appeared at George\rquote s elbow, laden with merchandise, \ldblquote not to tell tales about me to these two!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s three Galleons, nine Sickles, and a Knut,\rdblquote  said Fred, ex\-amining the many boxes in Ron\rquote s arms. \ldblquote Cough up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m your brother!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And that\rquote s our stuff you\rquote re nicking. Three Galleons, nine Sick\-les. I\rquote ll knock off the Knut.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I haven\rquote t got three Galleons, nine Sickles!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d better put it back then, and mind you put it on the right shelves.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron dropped several boxes, swore, and made a rude hand ges\-ture at Fred that was unfortunately spotted by Mrs. Weasley, who had chosen that moment to appear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I see you do that again I\rquote ll jinx your fingers together,\rdblquote  she said sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum, can I have a Pygmy Puff?\rdblquote  said Ginny at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A what?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley warily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look, they\rquote re so sweet. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley moved aside to look at the Pygmy Puffs, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione momentarily had an unimpeded view out of the window. Draco Malfoy was hurrying up the street alone. As he passed Weasleys\rquote  Wizard Wheezes, he glanced over his shoul\-der. Seconds later, he moved beyond the scope of the window and they lost sight of him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wonder where his mummy is?\rdblquote  said Harry, frowning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Given her the slip by the looks of it,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why, though?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said nothing; he was thinking too hard. Narcissa Malfoy would not have let her precious son out of her sight willingly; Mal\-foy must have made a real effort to free himself from her clutches.\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry, knowing and loathing Malfoy, was sure the reason could not be innocent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He glanced around. Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were bending over the Pygmy Puffs. Mr. Weasley was delightedly examining a pack of Muggle marked playing cards. Fred and George were both helping customers. On the other side of the glass, Hagrid was standing with his back to them, looking up and down the street.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get under here, quick,\rdblquote  said Harry, pulling his Invisibility Cloak out of his bag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  I don\rquote t know, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking uncer\-tainly toward Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come \i on\i0 !\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She hesitated for a second longer, then ducked under the cloak with Harry and Ron. Nobody noticed them vanish; they were all too interested in Fred and George\rquote s products. Harry, Ron, and Her\-mione squeezed their way out of the door as quickly as they could, but by the time they gained the street, Malfoy had disappeared just as successfully as they had.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was going in that direction,\rdblquote  murmured Harry as quietly as possible, so that the humming Hagrid would not hear them. \ldblquote C\rquote mon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They scurried along, peering left and right, through shop win\-dows and doors, until Hermione pointed ahead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s him, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  she whispered. \ldblquote Turning left?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Big surprise,\rdblquote  whispered Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For Malfoy had glanced around, then slid into Knockturn Alley and out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quick, or we\rquote ll lose him,\rdblquote  said Harry, speeding up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Our feet\rquote ll be seen!\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously, as the cloak flapped a little around their ankles; it was much more difficult hid\-ing all three of them under the cloak nowadays.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t matter,\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently. \ldblquote Just hurry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Knockturn Alley, the side street devoted to the Dark Arts, looked completely deserted. They peered into windows as they passed, but none of the shops seemed to have any customers at all. Harry supposed it was a bit of a giveaway in these dangerous and suspicious times to buy Dark artifacts \emdash  or at least, to be seen buy\-ing them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione gave his arm a hard pinch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ouch!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shh! Look! He\rquote s in there!\rdblquote  she breathed in Harry\rquote s ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had drawn level with the only shop in Knockturn Alley that Harry had ever visited, Borgin and Burkes, which sold a wide variety of sinister objects. There in the midst of the cases full of skulls and old bottles stood Draco Malfoy with his back to them, just visible beyond the very same large black cabinet in which Harry had once hidden to avoid Malfoy and his father. Judging by the movements of Malfoy\rquote s hands, he was talking animatedly. The proprietor of the shop, Mr. Borgin, an oily-haired, stooping man, stood facing Malfoy. He was wearing a curious expression of min\-gled resentment and fear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If only we could hear what they\rquote re saying!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can!\rdblquote  said Ron excitedly. \ldblquote Hang on \emdash  damn \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He dropped a couple more of the boxes he was still clutching as he fumbled with the largest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Extendable Ears, look!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fantastic!\rdblquote  said Hermione, as Ron unraveled the long, flesh\-colored strings and began to feed them toward the bottom of the door. \ldblquote Oh, I hope the door isn\rquote t Imperturbable \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Ron gleefully. \ldblquote Listen!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They put their heads together and listened intently to the ends of the strings, through which Malfoy\rquote s voice could be heard loud and clear, as though a radio had been turned on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 you know how to fix it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Possibly,\rdblquote  said Borgin, in a tone that suggested he was unwill\-ing to commit himself. \ldblquote I\rquote ll need to see it, though. Why don\rquote t you bring it into the shop?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote It\rquote s got to stay put. I just need you to tell me how to do it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw Borgin lick his lips nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, without seeing it, I must say it will be a very difficult job, perhaps impossible. I couldn\rquote t guarantee anything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No?\rdblquote  said Malfoy, and Harry knew, just by his tone, that Mal\-foy was sneering. \ldblquote Perhaps this will make you more confident.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He moved toward Borgin and was blocked from view by the cabinet. Harry, Ron, and Hermione shuffled sideways to try and keep him in sight, but all they could see was Borgin, looking very frightened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell anyone,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, \ldblquote and there will be retribution. You know Fenrir Greyback? He\rquote s a family friend. He\rquote ll be dropping in from time to time to make sure you\rquote re giving the problem your full attention.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There will be no need for \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll decide that,\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote d better be off. And don\rquote t forget to keep \i that\i0  one safe, I\rquote ll need it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perhaps you\rquote d like to take it now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, of course I wouldn\rquote t, you stupid little man, how would I look carrying that down the street? Just don\rquote t sell it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course not\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Borgin made a bow as deep as the one Harry had once seen him give Lucius Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not a word to anyone, Borgin, and that includes my mother, understand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Naturally, naturally,\rdblquote  murmured Borgin, bowing again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Next moment, the bell over the door tinkled loudly as Malfoy stalked out of the shop looking very pleased with himself. He passed so close to Harry, Ron, and Hermione that they felt the cloak flutter around their knees again. Inside the shop, Borgin remained frozen; his unctuous smile had vanished; he looked worried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was that about?\rdblquote  whispered Ron, reeling in the Extend\-able Ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry, thinking hard. \ldblquote He wants something mended \'85 and he wants to reserve something in there. \'85 Could you see what he pointed at when he said \lquote that one\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, he was behind that cabinet \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You two stay here,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Hermione had already ducked out from under the cloak. She checked her hair in the reflection in the glass, then marched into the shop, setting the bell tinkling again. Ron hastily fed the Extendable Ears back under the door and passed one of the strings to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello, horrible morning, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  Hermione said brightly to Borgin, who did not answer, but cast her a suspicious look. Hum\-ming cheerily, Hermione strolled through the jumble of objects on display.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is this necklace for sale?\rdblquote  she asked, pausing beside a glass-fronted case.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you\rquote ve got one and a half thousand Galleons,\rdblquote  said Mr. Borgin coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  er \emdash  no, I haven\rquote t got quite that much,\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one, walking on. \ldblquote And \'85 what about this lovely \emdash  um \emdash  skull?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sixteen Galleons.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So it\rquote s for sale, then? It isn\rquote t being \'85 kept for anyone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Borgin squinted at her. Harry had the nasty feeling he knew exactly what Hermione was up to. Apparently Hermione felt she had been rumbled too because she suddenly threw caution to the winds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The thing is, that \emdash  er \emdash  boy who was in here just now, Draco Malfoy, well, he\rquote s a friend of mine, and I want to get him a birthday present, but if he\rquote s already reserved anything, I obviously don\rquote t want to get him the same thing, so \'85 um \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a pretty lame story in Harry\rquote s opinion, and apparently Borgin thought so too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Out,\rdblquote  he said sharply. \ldblquote Get out!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione did not wait to be asked twice, but hurried to the door with Borgin at her heels. As the bell tinkled again, Borgin slammed the door behind her and put up the closed sign.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah well,\rdblquote  said Ron, throwing the cloak back over Hermione. \ldblquote Worth a try, but you were a bit obvious \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, next time you can show me how it\rquote s done, Master of Mystery!\rdblquote  she snapped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione bickered all the way back to Weasleys\rquote\lang3081  \lang1033 Wizard Wheezes, where they were forced to stop so that they could dodge undetected around a very anxious-looking Mrs. Weasley and Hagrid, who had clearly noticed their absence. Once in the shop, Harry whipped off the Invisibility Cloak, hid it in his bag, and joined in with the other two when they insisted, in answer to Mrs. Weasley\rquote s accusations, that they had been in the back room all along, and that she could not have looked properly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 7\par
\pard\qc The Slug Club\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry spent a lot of the last week of the holidays ponder\-ing the meaning of Malfoy\rquote s behavior in Knockturn Alley. What disturbed him most was the satisfied look on Malfoy\rquote s face as he had left the shop. Nothing that made Malfoy look that happy could be good news. To his slight annoyance, however, nei\-ther Ron nor Hermione seemed quite as curious about Malfoy\rquote s activities as he was; or at least, they seemed to get bored of dis\-cussing it after a few days.\par
\ldblquote Yes, I\rquote ve already agreed it was fishy, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione a lit\-tle impatiently. She was sitting on the windowsill in Fred and George\rquote s room with her feet up on one of the cardboard boxes and had only grudgingly looked up from her new copy of \i Advanced Rune Translation.\i0  \ldblquote But haven\rquote t we agreed there could be a lot of explanations?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe he\rquote s broken his Hand of Glory,\rdblquote  said Ron vaguely, as he\lang3081  \lang1033 attempted to straighten his broomstick\rquote s bent tail twigs. \ldblquote Remem\-ber that shriveled-up arm Malfoy had?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what about when he said, \lquote Don\rquote t forget to keep \i that\i0  one safe\rquote ?\rdblquote  asked Harry for the umpteenth time. \ldblquote That sounded to me like Borgin\rquote s got another one of the broken objects, and Malfoy wants both.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You reckon?\rdblquote  said Ron, now trying to scrape some dirt off his broom handle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I do,\rdblquote  said Harry. When neither Ron nor Hermione an\-swered, he said, \ldblquote Malfoy\rquote s father\rquote s in Azkaban. Don\rquote t you think Malfoy\rquote d like revenge?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked up, blinking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy, revenge? What can he do about it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s my point, I don\rquote t know!\rdblquote  said Harry, frustrated. \ldblquote But he\rquote s up to something and I think we should take it seriously. His father\rquote s a Death Eater and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry broke off, his eyes fixed on the window behind Hermi\-one, his mouth open. A startling thought had just occurred to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  said Hermione in an anxious voice. \ldblquote What\rquote s wrong?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your scar\rquote s not hurting again, is it?\rdblquote  asked Ron nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s a Death Eater,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly. \ldblquote He\rquote s replaced his father as a Death Eater!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a silence; then Ron erupted in laughter. \ldblquote\i Malfoy\i0 ? He\rquote s sixteen, Harry! You think You-Know-Who would let \i Malfoy\i0  join?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It seems very unlikely, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a repressive sort of voice. \ldblquote What makes you think \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In Madam Malkin\rquote s. She didn\rquote t touch him, but he yelled and jerked his arm away from her when she went to roll up his sleeve. It was his left arm. He\rquote s been branded with the Dark Mark.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione looked at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding thoroughly unconvinced.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think he just wanted to get out of there, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He showed Borgin something we couldn\rquote t see,\rdblquote  Harry pressed on stubbornly. \ldblquote Something that seriously scared Borgin. It was the Mark, I know it \emdash  he was showing Borgin who he was dealing with, you saw how seriously Borgin took him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione exchanged another look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not sure, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I still don\rquote t reckon You-Know-Who would let Malfoy join. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Annoyed, but absolutely convinced he was right, Harry snatched up a pile of filthy Quidditch robes and left the room; Mrs. Weasley had been urging them for days not to leave their washing and pack\-ing until the last moment. On the landing he bumped into Ginny, who was returning to her room carrying a pile of freshly laundered clothes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t go in the kitchen just now,\rdblquote  she warned him. \ldblquote There\rquote s a lot of Phlegm around.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll be careful not to slip in it.\rdblquote  Harry smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sure enough, when he entered the kitchen it was to find Fleur sitting at the kitchen table, in full flow about plans for her wedding to Bill, while Mrs. Weasley kept watch over a pile of self-peeling sprouts, looking bad-tempered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 Bill and I \rquote ave almost decided on only two bridesmaids, Ginny and Gabrielle will look very sweet togezzer. I am theenking of dressing zem in pale gold \emdash  pink would of course be \rquote orrible with Ginny\rquote s \rquote air \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, Harry!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley loudly, cutting across Fleur\rquote s monologue. \ldblquote Good, I wanted to explain about the security arrange\-ments for the journey to Hogwarts tomorrow. We\rquote ve got Ministry cars again, and there will be Aurors waiting at the station \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is Tonks going to be there?\rdblquote  asked Harry, handing over his Quidditch things.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t think so, she\rquote s been stationed somewhere else from what Arthur said.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She has let \rquote erself go, zat Tonks,\rdblquote  Fleur mused, examining her own stunning reflection in the back of a teaspoon. \ldblquote A big mistake if you ask \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, \i thank\i0  you,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley tartly, cutting across Fleur again. \ldblquote You\rquote d better get on, Harry, I want the trunks ready tonight, if possible, so we don\rquote t have the usual last-minute scramble.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And in fact, their departure the following morning was smoother than usual. The Ministry cars glided up to the front of the Burrow to find them waiting, trunks packed; Hermione\rquote s cat, Crookshanks, safely enclosed in his traveling basket; and Hedwig; Ron\rquote s owl, Pig\-widgeon; and Ginny\rquote s new purple Pygmy Puff, Arnold, in cages.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Au revoir, \rquote Arry,\rdblquote  said Fleur throatily, kissing him good-bye. Ron hurried forward, looking hopeful, but Ginny stuck out her foot and Ron fell, sprawling in the dust at Fleur\rquote s feet. Furious, red-faced, and dirt-spattered, he hurried into the car without saying good-bye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no cheerful Hagrid waiting for them at King\rquote s Cross Station. Instead, two grim-faced, bearded Aurors in dark Muggle suits moved forward the moment the cars stopped and, flanking the party, marched them into the station without speaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quick, quick, through the barrier,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, who\lang3081  \lang1033 seemed a little flustered by this austere efficiency. \ldblquote Harry had bet\-ter go first, with \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked inquiringly at one of the Aurors, who nodded briefly, seized Harry\rquote s upper arm, and attempted to steer him toward the barrier between platforms nine and ten.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can walk, thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry irritably, jerking his arm out of the Auror\rquote s grip. He pushed his trolley directly at the solid barrier, ignoring his silent companion, and found himself, a second later, standing on platform nine and three-quarters, where the scarlet Hogwarts Express stood belching steam over the crowd.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione and the Weasleys joined him within seconds. With\-out waiting to consult his grim-faced Auror, Harry motioned to Ron and Hermione to follow him up the platform, looking for an empty compartment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can\rquote t, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking apologetic. \ldblquote Ron and I\rquote ve got to go to the prefects\rquote  carriage first and then patrol the cor\-ridors for a bit.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah, I forgot,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d better get straight on the train, all of you, you\rquote ve only got a few minutes to go,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, consulting her watch. \ldblquote Well, have a lovely term, Ron. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Weasley, can I have a quick word?\rdblquote  said Harry, making up his mind on the spur of the moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, who looked slightly surprised, but followed Harry out of earshot of the others nevertheless.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had thought it through carefully and come to the conclu\-sion that, if he was to tell anyone, Mr. Weasley was the right per\-son; firstly, because he worked at the Ministry and was therefore in the best position to make further investigations, and secondly,\lang3081  \lang1033 because he thought that there was not too much risk of Mr. Weasley exploding with anger.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could see Mrs. Weasley and the grim-faced Auror casting the pair of them suspicious looks as they moved away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When we were in Diagon Alley,\rdblquote  Harry began, but Mr. Weasley forestalled him with a grimace.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Am I about to discover where you, Ron, and Hermione disap\-peared to while you were supposed to be in the back room of Fred and George\rquote s shop?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, please. You\rquote re talking to the man who raised Fred and George.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85 yeah, all right, we weren\rquote t in the back room.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well, then, let\rquote s hear the worst.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we followed Draco Malfoy. We used my Invisibility Cloak.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you have any particular reason for doing so, or was it a mere whim?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because I thought Malfoy was up to something,\rdblquote  said Harry, dis\-regarding Mr. Weasley\rquote s look of mingled exasperation and amuse\-ment. \ldblquote He\rquote d given his mother the slip and I wanted to know why.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course you did,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, sounding resigned. \ldblquote Well? Did you find out why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He went into Borgin and Burkes,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote and started bul\-lying the bloke in there, Borgin, to help him fix something. And he said he wanted Borgin to keep something else for him. He made it sound like it was the same kind of thing that needed fixing. Like they were a pair. And \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took a deep breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s something else. We saw Malfoy jump about a mile when Madam Malkin tried to touch his left arm. I think he\rquote s been branded with the Dark Mark. I think he\rquote s replaced his father as a Death Eater.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley looked taken aback. After a moment he said, \ldblquote Harry, I doubt whether You-Know-Who would allow a sixteen-year-old \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does anyone really know what You-Know-Who would or wouldn\rquote t do?\rdblquote  asked Harry angrily. \ldblquote Mr. Weasley, I\rquote m sorry, but isn\rquote t it worth investigating? If Malfoy wants something fixing, and he needs to threaten Borgin to get it done, it\rquote s probably something Dark or dangerous, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I doubt it, to be honest, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley slowly. \ldblquote You see, when Lucius Malfoy was arrested, we raided his house. We took away everything that might have been dangerous.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think you missed something,\rdblquote  said Harry stubbornly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, maybe,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, but Harry could tell that Mr. Weasley was humoring him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a whistle behind them; nearly everyone had boarded the train and the doors were closing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d better hurry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, as Mrs. Weasley cried, \ldblquote Harry, quickly!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He hurried forward and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley helped him load his trunk onto the train.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, dear, you\rquote re coming to us for Christmas, it\rquote s all fixed with Dumbledore, so we\rquote ll see you quite soon,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley through the window, as Harry slammed the door shut behind him and the train began to move. \ldblquote You make sure you look after your\-self and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The train was gathering speed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  be good and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was jogging to keep up now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  stay safe!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry waved until the train had turned a corner and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were lost to view, then turned to see where the others had got to. He supposed Ron and Hermione were cloistered in the prefects\rquote  carriage, but Ginny was a little way along the corridor, chatting to some friends. He made his way toward her, dragging his trunk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 People stared shamelessly as he approached. They even pressed their faces against the windows of their compartments to get a look at him. He had expected an upswing in the amount of gaping and gawping he would have to endure this term after all the \ldblquote Chosen One\rdblquote  rumors in the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  but he did not enjoy the sensa\-tion of standing in a very bright spotlight. He tapped Ginny on the shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fancy trying to find a compartment?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t, Harry, I said I\rquote d meet Dean,\rdblquote  said Ginny brightly. \ldblquote See you later.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry. He felt a strange twinge of annoyance as she walked away, her long red hair dancing behind her; he had become so used to her presence over the summer that he had almost forgotten that Ginny did not hang around with him, Ron, and Hermione while at school. Then he blinked and looked around: He was surrounded by mesmerized girls.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Harry!\rdblquote  said a familiar voice from behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville!\rdblquote  said Harry in relief, turning to see a round-faced boy struggling toward him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello, Harry,\rdblquote  said a girl with long hair and large misty eyes, who was just behind Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Luna, hi, how are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well, thank you,\rdblquote  said Luna. She was clutching a magazine to her chest; large letters on the front announced that there was a pair of free Spectrespecs inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Quibbler\i0  still going strong, then?\rdblquote  asked Harry, who felt a cer\-tain fondness for the magazine, having given it an exclusive inter\-view the previous year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, circulation\rquote s well up,\rdblquote  said Luna happily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s find seats,\rdblquote  said Harry, and the three of them set off along the train through hordes of silently staring students. At last they found an empty compartment, and Harry hurried inside gratefully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re even staring at \i us!\rdblquote  \i0 said Neville, indicating himself and Luna. \ldblquote Because we\rquote re with you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re staring at you because you were at the Ministry too,\rdblquote  said Harry, as he hoisted his trunk into the luggage rack. \ldblquote Our little adventure there was all over the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  you must\rquote ve seen it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I thought Gran would be angry about all the publicity,\rdblquote  said Neville, \ldblquote but she was really pleased. Says I\rquote m starting to live up to my dad at long last. She bought me a new wand, look!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled it out and showed it to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cherry and unicorn hair,\rdblquote  he said proudly. \ldblquote We think it was one of the last Ollivander ever sold, he vanished next day \emdash  oi, come back here, Trevor!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he dived under the seat to retrieve his toad as it made one of its frequent bids for freedom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are we still doing D.A. meetings this year, Harry?\rdblquote  asked Luna,\lang3081  \lang1033 who was detaching a pair of psychedelic spectacles from the middle of \i The Quibbler.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No point now we\rquote ve got rid of Umbridge, is there?\rdblquote  said Harry, sitting down. Neville bumped his head against the seat as he emerged from under it. He looked most disappointed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I liked the D.A.! I learned loads with you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I enjoyed the meetings too,\rdblquote  said Luna serenely. \ldblquote It was like having friends.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This was one of those uncomfortable things Luna often said and which made Harry feel a squirming mixture of pity and embarrass\-ment. Before he could respond, however, there was a disturbance outside their compartment door; a group of fourth-year girls was whispering and giggling together on the other side of the glass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You ask him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll do it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And one of them, a bold-looking girl with large dark eyes, a prominent chin, and long black hair pushed her way through the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Harry, I\rquote m Romilda, Romilda Vane,\rdblquote  she said loudly and confidently. \ldblquote Why don\rquote t you join us in our compartment? You don\rquote t have to sit with \i them,\i0\rdblquote  she added in a stage whisper, indicat\-ing Neville\rquote s bottom, which was sticking out from under the seat again as he groped around for Trevor, and Luna, who was now wearing her free Spectrespecs, which gave her the look of a de\-mented, multicolored owl.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re friends of mine,\rdblquote  said Harry coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said the girl, looking very surprised. \ldblquote Oh. Okay.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she withdrew, sliding the door closed behind her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote People expect you to have cooler friends than us,\rdblquote  said Luna, once again displaying her knack for embarrassing honesty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are cool,\rdblquote  said Harry shortly. \ldblquote None of them was at the Ministry. They didn\rquote t fight with me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s a very nice thing to say,\rdblquote  beamed Luna. Then she pushed her Spectrespecs farther up her nose and settled down to read \i The Quibbler.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We didn\rquote t face \i him,\i0  though,\rdblquote  said Neville, emerging from un\-der the seat with fluff and dust in his hair and a resigned-looking Trevor in his hand. \ldblquote You did. You should hear my gran talk about you. \lquote\i That Harry Potter\rquote s got more backbone than the whole Ministry of Magic put together\i0 !\rquote\i  \i0 She\rquote d give anything to have you as a grand\-son. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry laughed uncomfortably and changed the subject to O.W.L. results as soon as he could. While Neville recited his grades and wondered aloud whether he would be allowed to take a Trans\-figuration N.E.W.T. with only an \ldblquote Acceptable,\rdblquote  Harry watched him without really listening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville\rquote s childhood had been blighted by Voldemort just as much as Harry\rquote s had, but Neville had no idea how close he had come to having Harry\rquote s destiny. The prophecy could have referred to either of them, yet, for his own inscrutable reasons, Voldemort had chosen to believe that Harry was the one meant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Had Voldemort chosen Neville, it would be Neville sitting op\-posite Harry bearing the lightning-shaped scar and the weight of the prophecy. \'85 Or would it? Would Neville\rquote s mother have died to save him, as Lily had died for Harry? Surely she would. \'85 But what if she had been unable to stand between her son and Volde\-mort? Would there then have been no \ldblquote Chosen One\rdblquote  at all? An\lang3081  \lang1033 empty seat where Neville now sat and a scarless Harry who would have been kissed good-bye by his own mother, not Ron\rquote s?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You all right, Harry? You look funny,\rdblquote  said Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry started. \ldblquote Sorry \emdash  I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wrackspurt got you?\rdblquote  asked Luna sympathetically, peering at Harry through her enormous colored spectacles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A Wrackspurt\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 They\rquote re invisible. They float in through your ears and make your brain go fuzzy,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote I thought I felt one zooming around in here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She flapped her hands at thin air, as though beating off large invisible moths. Harry and Neville caught each other\rquote s eyes and hastily began to talk of Quidditch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The weather beyond the train windows was as patchy as it had been all summer; they passed through stretches of the chilling mist, then out into weak, clear sunlight. It was during one of the clear spells, when the sun was visible almost directly overhead, that Ron and Hermione entered the compartment at last.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wish the lunch trolley would hurry up, I\rquote m starving,\rdblquote  said Ron longingly, slumping into the seat beside Harry and rubbing his stomach. \ldblquote Hi, Neville. Hi, Luna. Guess what?\rdblquote  he added, turning to Harry. \ldblquote Malfoy\rquote s not doing prefect duty. He\rquote s just sitting in his compartment with the other Slytherins, we saw him when we passed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat up straight, interested. It was not like Malfoy to pass up the chance to demonstrate his power as prefect, which he had happily abused all the previous year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did he do when he saw you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The usual,\rdblquote  said Ron indifferently, demonstrating a rude hand\lang3081  \lang1033 gesture. \ldblquote Not like him, though, is it? Well \emdash  \i that\i0  is\rdblquote  \emdash  he did the hand gesture again \emdash  \ldblquote but why isn\rquote t he out there bullying first years?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry, but his mind was racing. Didn\rquote t this look as though Malfoy had more important things on his mind than bullying younger students?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe he preferred the Inquisitorial Squad,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Maybe being a prefect seems a bit tame after that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I think he\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But before he could expound on his theory, the compartment door slid open again and a breathless third-year girl stepped inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m supposed to deliver these to Neville Longbottom and Harry P-Potter,\rdblquote  she faltered, as her eyes met Harry\rquote s and she turned scar\-let. She was holding out two scrolls of parchment tied with violet ribbon. Perplexed, Harry and Neville took the scroll addressed to each of them and the girl stumbled back out of the compartment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  Ron demanded, as Harry unrolled his.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An invitation,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\par
\i Harry,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I would be delighted if you would join me for a bite of lunch in compartment C.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Sincerely,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Professor\lang3081  H. E. F. Slughorn\par
\lang1033\i0\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s Professor Slughorn?\rdblquote  asked Neville, looking perplexedly at his own invitation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote New teacher,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Well, I suppose we\rquote ll have to go, won\rquote t we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what does he want me for?\rdblquote  asked Neville nervously, as though he was expecting detention.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  said Harry, which was not entirely true, though he had no proof yet that his hunch was correct. \ldblquote Listen,\rdblquote  he added, seized by a sudden brain wave, \ldblquote let\rquote s go under the Invisibility Cloak, then we might get a good look at Malfoy on the way, see what he\rquote s up to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This idea, however, came to nothing: The corridors, which were packed with people on the lookout for the lunch trolley, were im\-possible to negotiate while wearing the cloak. Harry stowed it re\-gretfully back in his bag, reflecting that it would have been nice to wear it just to avoid all the staring, which seemed to have increased in intensity even since he had last walked down the train. Every now and then, students would hurtle out of their compartments to get a better look at him. The exception was Cho Chang, who darted into her compartment when she saw Harry coming. As Harry passed the window, he saw her deep in determined conver\-sation with her friend Marietta, who was wearing a very thick layer of makeup that did not entirely obscure the odd formation of pim\-ples still etched across her face. Smirking slightly, Harry pushed on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When they reached compartment C, they saw at once that they were not Slughorn\rquote s only invitees, although judging by the enthusiasm of Slughorn\rquote s welcome, Harry was the most warmly anticipated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, m\rquote boy!\rdblquote  said Slughorn, jumping up at the sight of him so that his great velvet-covered belly seemed to fill all the remain\-ing space in the compartment. His shiny bald head and great sil\-very mustache gleamed as brightly in the sunlight as the golden\lang3081  \lang1033 buttons on his waistcoat. \ldblquote Good to see you, good to see you! And you must be Mr. Longbottom!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville nodded, looking scared. At a gesture from Slughorn, they sat down opposite each other in the only two empty seats, which were nearest the door. Harry glanced around at their fellow guests. He recognized a Slytherin from their year, a tall black boy with high cheekbones and long, slanting eyes; there were also two seventh-year boys Harry did not know and, squashed in the corner beside Slughorn and looking as though she was not entirely sure how she had got there, Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, do you know everyone?\rdblquote  Slughorn asked Harry and Neville. \ldblquote Blaise Zabini is in your year, of course \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Zabini did not make any sign of recognition or greeting, nor did Harry or Neville: Gryffindor and Slytherin students loathed each other on principle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is Cormac McLaggen, perhaps you\rquote ve come across each other \emdash  ? No?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 McLaggen, a large, wiry-haired youth, raised a hand, and Harry and Neville nodded back at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and this is Marcus Belby, I don\rquote t know whether \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Belby, who was thin and nervous-looking, gave a strained smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and \i this\i0  charming young lady tells me she knows you!\rdblquote  Slughorn finished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny grimaced at Harry and Neville from behind Slughorn\rquote s back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well now, this is most pleasant,\rdblquote  said Slughorn cozily. \ldblquote A chance to get to know you all a little better. Here, take a napkin. I\rquote ve packed my own lunch; the trolley, as I remember it, is heavy on\lang3081  \lang1033 licorice wands, and a poor old man\rquote s digestive system isn\rquote t quite up to such things. \'85 Pheasant, Belby?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Belby started and accepted what looked like half a cold pheasant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was just telling young Marcus here that I had the pleasure of teaching his Uncle Damocles,\rdblquote  Slughorn told Harry and Neville, now passing around a basket of rolls. \ldblquote Outstanding wizard, out\-standing, and his Order of Merlin most well-deserved. Do you see much of your uncle, Marcus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Unfortunately, Belby had just taken a large mouthful of pheas\-ant; in his haste to answer Slughorn he swallowed too fast, turned purple, and began to choke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Anapneo,\i0\rdblquote  said Slughorn calmly, pointing his wand at Belby, whose airway seemed to clear at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 not much of him, no,\rdblquote  gasped Belby, his eyes streaming.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, of course, I daresay he\rquote s busy,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, looking questioningly at Belby. \ldblquote I doubt he invented the Wolfsbane Potion without considerable hard work!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose \'85\rdblquote  said Belby, who seemed afraid to take another bite of pheasant until he was sure that Slughorn had finished with him. \ldblquote Er \'85 he and my dad don\rquote t get on very well, you see, so I don\rquote t really know much about\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice tailed away as Slughorn gave him a cold smile and turned to McLaggen instead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, \i you,\i0  Cormac,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, \ldblquote I happen to know you see a lot of your Uncle Tiberius, because he has a rather splendid pic\-ture of the two of you hunting nogtails in, I think, Norfolk?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, yeah, that was fun, that was,\rdblquote  said McLaggen. \ldblquote We went with Bertie Higgs and Rufus Scrimgeour \emdash  this was before he be\-came Minister, obviously \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, you know Bertie and Rufus too?\rdblquote  beamed Slughorn, now offering around a small tray of pies; somehow, Belby was missed out. \ldblquote Now tell me \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was as Harry had suspected. Everyone here seemed to have been invited because they were connected to somebody well-known or influential \emdash  everyone except Ginny. Zabini, who was interrogated after McLaggen, turned out to have a famously beau\-tiful witch for a mother (from what Harry could make out, she had been married seven times, each of her husbands dying mysteri\-ously and leaving her mounds of gold). It was Neville\rquote s turn next: This was a very uncomfortable ten minutes, for Neville\rquote s parents, well-known Aurors, had been tortured into insanity by Bellatrix Lestrange and a couple of Death Eater cronies. At the end of Neville\rquote s interview, Harry had the impression that Slughorn was reserving judgment on Neville, yet to see whether he had any of his parents\rquote  flair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, shifting massively in his seat with the air of a compere introducing his star act. \ldblquote Harry Potter! \i Where\i0  to begin? I feel I barely scratched the surface when we met over the summer!\rdblquote  He contemplated Harry for a moment as though he was a particularly large and succulent piece of pheasant, then said, \ldblquote  \lquote The Chosen One,\rquote  they\rquote re calling you now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said nothing. Belby, McLaggen, and Zabini were all star\-ing at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, watching Harry closely, \ldblquote there have been rumors for years. \'85 I remember when \emdash  well \emdash  after that \i terrible\i0  night \emdash  Lily \emdash  James \emdash  and you survived \emdash  and the word was that you must have powers beyond the ordinary \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Zabini gave a tiny little cough that was clearly supposed to\lang3081  \lang1033 indicate amused skepticism. An angry voice burst out from behind Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, Zabini, because \i you\rquote re\i0  so talented \'85 at posing. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh dear!\rdblquote  chuckled Slughorn comfortably, looking around at Ginny, who was glaring at Zabini around Slughorn\rquote s great belly. \ldblquote You want to be careful, Blaise! I saw this young lady perform the most marvelous Bat-Bogey Hex as I was passing her carriage! I wouldn\rquote t cross her!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Zabini merely looked contemptuous.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, turning back to Harry. \ldblquote\i Such\i0  rumors this summer. Of course, one doesn\rquote t know what to believe, the \i Prophet\i0  has been known to print inaccuracies, make mistakes \emdash  but there seems little doubt, given the number of witnesses, that there was \i quite\i0  a disturbance at the Ministry and that you were there in the thick of it all!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who could not see any way out of this without flatly lying, nodded but still said nothing. Slughorn beamed at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So modest, so modest, no wonder Dumbledore is so fond \emdash  you \i were\i0  there, then? But the rest of the stories \emdash  so sensational, of course, one doesn\rquote t know quite what to believe \emdash  this fabled prophecy, for instance \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We never heard a prophecy,\rdblquote  said Neville, turning geranium pink as he said it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Ginny staunchly. \ldblquote Neville and I were both there too, and all this \lquote Chosen One\rquote  rubbish is just the \i Prophet\i0  making things up as usual.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were both there too, were you?\rdblquote  said Slughorn with great interest, looking from Ginny to Neville, but both of them sat clam\-like before his encouraging smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 it is true that the \i Prophet\i0  often exaggerates, of course. \'85\rdblquote  Slughorn said, sounding a little disappointed. \ldblquote I re\-member dear Gwenog telling me (Gwenog Jones, I mean, of course, Captain of the Holyhead Harpies) \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He meandered off into a long-winded reminiscence, but Harry had the distinct impression that Slughorn had not finished with him, and that he had not been convinced by Neville and Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The afternoon wore on with more anecdotes about illustrious wizards Slughorn had taught, all of whom had been delighted to join what he called the \ldblquote Slug Club\rdblquote  at Hogwarts. Harry could not wait to leave, but couldn\rquote t see how to do so politely. Finally the train emerged from yet another long misty stretch into a red sun\-set, and Slughorn looked around, blinking in the twilight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good gracious, it\rquote s getting dark already! I didn\rquote t notice that they\rquote d lit the lamps! You\rquote d better go and change into your robes, all of you. McLaggen, you must drop by and borrow that book on nogtails. Harry, Blaise \emdash  any time you\rquote re passing. Same goes for you, miss,\rdblquote  he twinkled at Ginny. \ldblquote Well, off you go, off you go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As he pushed past Harry into the darkening corridor, Zabini shot him a filthy look that Harry returned with interest. He, Ginny, and Neville followed Zabini back along the train.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m glad that\rquote s over,\rdblquote  muttered Neville. \ldblquote Strange man, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, he is a bit,\rdblquote  said Harry, his eyes on Zabini. \ldblquote How come you ended up in there, Ginny?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He saw me hex Zacharias Smith,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote You remember that idiot from Hufflepuff who was in the D.A.? He kept on and on asking about what happened at the Ministry and in the end he annoyed me so much I hexed him \emdash  when Slughorn came in I\lang3081  \lang1033 thought I was going to get detention, but he just thought it was a really good hex and invited me to lunch! Mad, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Better reason for inviting someone than because their mother\rquote s famous,\rdblquote  said Harry, scowling at the back of Zabini\rquote s head, \ldblquote or be\-cause their uncle \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he broke off. An idea had just occurred to him, a reckless but potentially wonderful idea. \'85 In a minute\rquote s time, Zabini was going to reenter the Slytherin sixth-year compartment and Malfoy would be sitting there, thinking himself unheard by anybody ex\-cept fellow Slytherins. \'85 If Harry could only enter, unseen, be\-hind him, what might he not see or hear? True, there was little of the journey left \emdash  Hogsmeade Station had to be less than half an hour away, judging by the wildness of the scenery flashing by the windows \emdash  but nobody else seemed prepared to take Harry\rquote s sus\-picions seriously, so it was down to him to prove them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll see you two later,\rdblquote  said Harry under his breath, pulling out his Invisibility Cloak and flinging it over himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what\rquote re you \emdash  ?\rdblquote  asked Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Later!\rdblquote  whispered Harry, darting after Zabini as quietly as pos\-sible, though the rattling of the train made such caution almost pointless.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The corridors were almost completely empty now. Nearly every\-one had returned to their carriages to change into their school robes and pack up their possessions. Though he was as close as he could get to Zabini without touching him, Harry was not quick enough to slip into the compartment when Zabini opened the door. Zabini was already sliding it shut when Harry hastily stuck out his foot to prevent it closing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong with this thing?\rdblquote  said Zabini angrily as he smashed the sliding door repeatedly into Harry\rquote s foot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry seized the door and pushed it open, hard; Zabini, still clinging on to the handle, toppled over sideways into Gregory Goyle\rquote s lap, and in the ensuing ruckus, Harry darted into the com\-partment, leapt onto Zabini\rquote s temporarily empty seat, and hoisted himself up into the luggage rack. It was fortunate that Goyle and Zabini were snarling at each other, drawing all eyes onto them, for Harry was quite sure his feet and ankles had been revealed as the cloak had flapped around them; indeed, for one horrible moment he thought he saw Malfoy\rquote s eyes follow his trainer as it whipped up\-ward out of sight. But then Goyle slammed the door shut and flung Zabini off him; Zabini collapsed into his own seat looking ruffled, Vincent Crabbe returned to his comic, and Malfoy, sniggering, lay back down across two seats with his head in Pansy Parkinson\rquote s lap. Harry lay curled uncomfortably under the cloak to ensure that every inch of him remained hidden, and watched Pansy stroke the sleek blond hair off Malfoy\rquote s forehead, smirking as she did so, as though anyone would have loved to have been in her place. The lanterns swinging from the carriage ceiling cast a bright light over the scene: Harry could read every word of Crabbe\rquote s comic directly below him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, Zabini,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, \ldblquote what did Slughorn want?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just trying to make up to well-connected people,\rdblquote  said Zabini, who was still glowering at Goyle. \ldblquote Not that he managed to find many.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This information did not seem to please Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who else had he invited?\rdblquote  he demanded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote McLaggen from Gryffindor,\rdblquote  said Zabini.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah, his uncle\rquote s big in the Ministry,\rdblquote  said Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  someone else called Belby, from Ravenclaw \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not him, he\rquote s a prat!\rdblquote  said Pansy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and Longbottom, Potter, and that Weasley girl,\rdblquote  finished Zabini.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy sat up very suddenly, knocking Pansy\rquote s hand aside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He invited \i Longbottom\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I assume so, as Longbottom was there,\rdblquote  said Zabini indifferently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s Longbottom got to interest Slughorn?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Zabini shrugged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, precious Potter, obviously he wanted a look at \lquote\i the Cho\-sen One,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 sneered Malfoy, \ldblquote but that Weasley girl! What\rquote s so special about \i her\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A lot of boys like her,\rdblquote  said Pansy, watching Malfoy out of the corner of her eyes for his reaction. \ldblquote Even you think she\rquote s good-looking, don\rquote t you, Blaise, and we all know how hard you are to please!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t touch a filthy little blood traitor like her whatever she looked like,\rdblquote  said Zabini coldly, and Pansy looked pleased. Malfoy sank back across her lap and allowed her to resume the stroking of his hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I pity Slughorn\rquote s taste. Maybe he\rquote s going a bit senile. Shame, my father always said he was a good wizard in his day. My father used to be a bit of a favorite of his. Slughorn probably hasn\rquote t heard I\rquote m on the train, or \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t bank on an invitation,\rdblquote  said Zabini. \ldblquote He asked me about Nott\rquote s father when I first arrived. They used to be old\lang3081  \lang1033 friends, apparently, but when he heard he\rquote d been caught at the Ministry he didn\rquote t look happy, and Nott didn\rquote t get an invitation, did he? I don\rquote t think Slughorn\rquote s interested in Death Eaters.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy looked angry, but forced out a singularly humorless laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, who cares what he\rquote s interested in? What is he, when you come down to it? Just some stupid teacher.\rdblquote  Malfoy yawned osten\-tatiously. \ldblquote I mean, I might not even be at Hogwarts next year, what\rquote s it matter to me if some fat old has-been likes me or not?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean, you might not be at Hogwarts next year?\rdblquote  said Pansy indignantly, ceasing grooming Malfoy at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you never know,\rdblquote  said Malfoy with the ghost of a smirk. \ldblquote I might have \emdash  er \emdash  moved on to bigger and better things.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crouched in the luggage rack under his cloak, Harry\rquote s heart be\-gan to race. What would Ron and Hermione say about this? Crabbe and Goyle were gawping at Malfoy; apparently they had had no inkling of any plans to move on to bigger and better things. Even Zabini had allowed a look of curiosity to mar his haughty fea\-tures. Pansy resumed the slow stroking of Malfoy\rquote s hair, looking dumbfounded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you mean \emdash  \i Him\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy shrugged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mother wants me to complete my education, but personally, I don\rquote t see it as that important these days. I mean, think about it. \'85 When the Dark Lord takes over, is he going to care how many O.W.L.s or N.E.W.T.s anyone\rquote s got? Of course he isn\rquote t. \'85 It\rquote ll be all about the kind of service he received, the level of devotion he was shown.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you think \i you\rquote ll\i0  be able to do something for him?\rdblquote  asked\lang3081  \lang1033 Zabini scathingly. \ldblquote Sixteen years old and not even fully qualified yet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve just said, haven\rquote t I? Maybe he doesn\rquote t care if I\rquote m qualified. Maybe the job he wants me to do isn\rquote t something that you need to be qualified for,\rdblquote  said Malfoy quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crabbe and Goyle were both sitting with their mouths open like gargoyles. Pansy was gazing down at Malfoy as though she had never seen anything so awe-inspiring.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can see Hogwarts,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, clearly relishing the effect he had created as he pointed out of the blackened window. \ldblquote We\rquote d bet\-ter get our robes on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was so busy staring at Malfoy, he did not notice Goyle reaching up for his trunk; as he swung it down, it hit Harry hard on the side of the head. He let out an involuntary gasp of pain, and Malfoy looked up at the luggage rack, frowning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was not afraid of Malfoy, but he still did not much like the idea of being discovered hiding under his Invisibility Cloak by a group of unfriendly Slytherins. Eyes still watering and head still throbbing, he drew his wand, careful not to disarrange the cloak, and waited, breath held. To his relief, Malfoy seemed to decide that he had imagined the noise; he pulled on his robes like the others, locked his trunk, and as the train slowed to a jerky crawl, fastened a thick new traveling cloak round his neck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could see the corridors filling up again and hoped that Hermione and Ron would take his things out onto the platform for him; he was stuck where he was until the compartment had quite emptied. At last, with a final lurch, the train came to a com\-plete halt. Goyle threw the door open and muscled his way out\lang3081  \lang1033 into a crowd of second years, punching them aside; Crabbe and Zabini followed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You go on,\rdblquote  Malfoy told Pansy, who was waiting for him with her hand held out as though hoping he would hold it. \ldblquote I just want to check something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pansy left. Now Harry and Malfoy were alone in the compart\-ment. People were filing past, descending onto the dark platform. Malfoy moved over to the compartment door and let down the blinds, so that people in the corridor beyond could not peer in. He then bent down over his trunk and opened it again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry peered down over the edge of the luggage rack, his heart pumping a little faster. What had Malfoy wanted to hide from Pansy? Was he about to see the mysterious broken object it was so important to mend?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Petrificus Totalus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Without warning, Malfoy pointed his wand at Harry, who was instantly paralyzed. As though in slow motion, he toppled out of the luggage rack and fell, with an agonizing, floor-shaking crash, at Malfoy\rquote s feet, the Invisibility Cloak trapped beneath him, his whole body revealed with his legs still curled absurdly into the cramped kneeling position. He couldn\rquote t move a muscle; he could only gaze up at Malfoy, who smiled broadly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought so,\rdblquote  he said jubilantly. \ldblquote I heard Goyle\rquote s trunk hit you. And I thought I saw something white flash through the air after Zabini came back. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His eyes lingered for a moment upon Harry\rquote s trainers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t hear anything I care about, Potter. But while I\rquote ve got you here \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he stamped, hard, on Harry\rquote s face. Harry felt his nose break; blood spurted everywhere.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s from my father. Now, let\rquote s see. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy dragged the cloak out from under Harry\rquote s immobilized body and threw it over him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t reckon they\rquote ll find you till the train\rquote s back in London,\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote See you around, Potter \'85 or not.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And taking care to tread on Harry\rquote s fingers, Malfoy left the compartment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 8\par
\pard\qc Snape Victorious\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry could not move a muscle. He lay there beneath the Invisibility Cloak feeling the blood from his nose flow, hot and wet, over his face, listening to the voices and footsteps in the corridor beyond. His immediate thought was that someone, surely, would check the compartments before the train departed again. But at once came the dispiriting realization that even if somebody looked into the compartment, he would be neither seen nor heard. His best hope was that somebody else would walk in and step on him.\par
Harry had never hated Malfoy more than as he lay there, like an absurd turtle on its back, blood dripping sickeningly into his open mouth. What a stupid situation to have landed himself in \'85 and now the last few footsteps were dying away; everyone was shuffling along the dark platform outside; he could hear the scraping of trunks and the loud babble of talk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione would think that he had left the train\lang3081  \lang1033 without them. Once they arrived at Hogwarts and took their places in the Great Hall, looked up and down the Gryffindor table a few times, and finally realized that he was not there, he, no doubt, would be halfway back to London.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He tried to make a sound, even a grunt, but it was impossible. Then he remembered that some wizards, like Dumbledore, could perform spells without speaking, so he tried to summon his wand, which had fallen out of his hand, by saying the words \ldblquote\i Accio Wand\i0 !\rdblquote  over and over again in his head, but nothing happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He thought he could hear the rustling of the trees that sur\-rounded the lake, and the far-off hoot of an owl, but no hint of a search being made or even (he despised himself slightly for hoping it) panicked voices wondering where Harry Potter had gone. A feeling of hopelessness spread through him as he imagined the con\-voy of thestral-drawn carriages trundling up to the school and the muffled yells of laughter issuing from whichever carriage Malfoy was riding in, where he could be recounting his attack on Harry to Crabbe, Goyle, Zabini, and Pansy Parkinson.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The train lurched, causing Harry to roll over onto his side. Now he was staring at the dusty underside of the seats instead of the ceil\-ing. The floor began to vibrate as the engine roared into life. The Express was leaving and nobody knew he was still on it. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then he felt his Invisibility Cloak fly off him and a voice over\-head said, \ldblquote Wotcher, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a flash of red light and Harry\rquote s body unfroze; he was able to push himself into a more dignified sitting position, hastily wipe the blood off his bruised face with the back of his hand, and raise his head to look up at Tonks, who was holding the Invisibility Cloak she had just pulled away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote d better get out of here, quickly,\rdblquote  she said, as the train win\-dows became obscured with steam and they began to move out of the station. \ldblquote Come on, we\rquote ll jump.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hurried after her into the corridor. She pulled open the train door and leapt onto the platform, which seemed to be sliding underneath them as the train gathered momentum. He followed her, staggered a little on landing, then straightened up in time to see the gleaming scarlet steam engine pick up speed, round the cor\-ner, and disappear from view.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The cold night air was soothing on his throbbing nose. Tonks was looking at him; he felt angry and embarrassed that he had been discovered in such a ridiculous position. Silently she handed him back the Invisibility Cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who did it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Draco Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly. \ldblquote Thanks for \'85 well \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No problem,\rdblquote  said Tonks, without smiling. From what Harry could see in the darkness, she was as mousy-haired and miserable-looking as she had been when he had met her at the Burrow. \ldblquote I can fix your nose if you stand still.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not think much of this idea; he had been intending to visit Madam Pomfrey, the matron, in whom he had a little more confidence when it came to Healing Spells, but it seemed rude to say this, so he stayed stock-still and closed his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Episkey,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Tonks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s nose felt very hot, and then very cold. He raised a hand and felt it gingerly. It seemed to be mended.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks a lot!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d better put that cloak back on, and we can walk up to the school,\rdblquote  said Tonks, still unsmiling. As Harry swung the cloak back\lang3081  \lang1033 over himself, she waved her wand; an immense silvery four-legged creature erupted from it and streaked off into the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Was that a Patronus?\rdblquote  asked Harry, who had seen Dumbledore send messages like this.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m sending word to the castle that I\rquote ve got you or they\rquote ll worry. Come on, we\rquote d better not dawdle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They set off toward the lane that led to the school.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you find me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I noticed you hadn\rquote t left the train and I knew you had that cloak. I thought you might be hiding for some reason. When I saw the blinds were drawn down on that compartment I thought I\rquote d check.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what are you doing here, anyway?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m stationed in Hogsmeade now, to give the school extra pro\-tection,\rdblquote  said\lang3081  \lang1033 Tonks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it just you who\rquote s stationed up here, or \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Proudfoot, Savage, and Dawlish are here too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dawlish, that Auror Dumbledore attacked last year?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They trudged up the dark, deserted lane, following the freshly made carriage tracks. Harry looked sideways at Tonks under his cloak. Last year she had been inquisitive (to the point of being a lit\-tle annoying at times), she had laughed easily, she had made jokes. Now she seemed older and much more serious and purposeful. Was this all the effect of what had happened at the Ministry? He re\-flected uncomfortably that Hermione would have suggested he say something consoling about Sirius to her, that it hadn\rquote t been her fault at all, but he couldn\rquote t bring himself to do it. He was far from blaming her for Sirius\rquote s death; it was no more her fault than anyone\lang3081  \lang1033 else\rquote s (and much less than his), but he did not like talking about Sirius if he could avoid it. And so they tramped on through the cold night in silence, Tonks\rquote s long cloak whispering on the ground behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Having always traveled there by carriage, Harry had never before appreciated just how far Hogwarts was from Hogsmeade Station. With great relief he finally saw the tall pillars on either side of the gates, each topped with a winged boar. He was cold, he was hun\-gry, and he was quite keen to leave this new, gloomy Tonks behind. But when he put out a hand to push open the gates, he found them chained shut.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Alohomora\i0 !\rdblquote  he said confidently, pointing his wand at the pad\-lock, but nothing happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That won\rquote t work on these,\rdblquote  said Tonks. \ldblquote Dumbledore bewitched them himself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I could climb a wall,\rdblquote  he suggested.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, you couldn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Tonks flatly. \ldblquote Anti-intruder jinxes on all of them. Security\rquote s been tightened a hundredfold this summer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well then,\rdblquote  said Harry, starting to feel annoyed at her lack of helpfulness, \ldblquote I suppose I\rquote ll just have to sleep out here and wait for morning.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Someone\rquote s coming down for you,\rdblquote  said Tonks. \ldblquote Look.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A lantern was bobbing at the distant foot of the castle. Harry was so pleased to see it he felt he could even endure Filch\rquote s wheezy criticisms of his tardiness and rants about how his timekeeping would improve with the regular application of thumbscrews. It was not until the glowing yellow light was ten feet away from them, and Harry had pulled off his Invisibility Cloak so that he could be\lang3081  \lang1033 seen, that he recognized, with a rush of pure loathing, the uplit hooked nose and long, black, greasy hair of Severus Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, well, well,\rdblquote  sneered Snape, taking out his wand and tap\-ping the padlock once, so that the chains snaked backward and the gates creaked open. \ldblquote Nice of you to turn up, Potter, although you have evidently decided that the wearing of school robes would de\-tract from your appearance.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I couldn\rquote t change, I didn\rquote t have my \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began, but Snape cut across him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is no need to wait, Nymphadora, Potter is quite \emdash  ah \emdash  safe in my hands.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I meant Hagrid to get the message,\rdblquote  said Tonks, frowning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid was late for the start-of-term feast, just like Potter here, so I took it instead. And incidentally,\rdblquote  said Snape, standing back to allow Harry to pass him, \ldblquote I was interested to see your new Patronus.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He shut the gates in her face with a loud clang and tapped the chains with his wand again, so that they slithered, clinking, back into place.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think you were better off with the old one,\rdblquote  said Snape, the malice in his voice unmistakable. \ldblquote The new one looks weak.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Snape swung the lantern about, Harry saw, fleetingly, a look of shock and anger on Tonks\rquote s face. Then she was covered in dark\-ness once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good night,\rdblquote  Harry called to her over his shoulder, as he began the walk up to the school with Snape. \ldblquote Thanks for \'85 everything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See you, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape did not speak for a minute or so. Harry felt as though his body was generating waves of hatred so powerful that it seemed\lang3081  \lang1033 incredible that Snape could not feel them burning him. He had loathed Snape from their first encounter, but Snape had placed him\-self forever and irrevocably beyond the possibility of Harry\rquote s for\-giveness by his attitude toward Sirius. Whatever Dumbledore said, Harry had had time to think over the summer, and had concluded that Snape\rquote s snide remarks to Sirius about remaining safely hidden while the rest of the Order of the Phoenix were off fighting Volde\-mort had probably been a powerful factor in Sirius rushing off to the Ministry the night that he had died. Harry clung to this notion, because it enabled him to blame Snape, which felt satisfying, and also because he knew that if anyone was not sorry that Sirius was dead, it was the man now striding next to him in the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fifty points from Gryffindor for lateness, I think,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote And, let me see, another twenty for your Muggle attire. You know, I don\rquote t believe any House has ever been in negative figures this early in the term: We haven\rquote t even started pudding. You might have set a record, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The fury and hatred bubbling inside Harry seemed to blaze white-hot, but he would rather have been immobilized all the way back to London than tell Snape why he was late.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose you wanted to make an entrance, did you?\rdblquote  Snape continued. \ldblquote And with no flying car available you decided that bursting into the Great Hall halfway through the feast ought to create a dramatic effect.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Still Harry remained silent, though he thought his chest might explode. He knew that Snape had come to fetch him for this, for the few minutes when he could needle and torment Harry without anyone else listening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They reached the castle steps at last and as the great oaken front\lang3081  \lang1033 doors swung open into the vast flagged entrance hall, a burst of talk and laughter and of tinkling plates and glasses greeted them through the doors standing open into the Great Hall. Harry won\-dered whether he could slip his Invisibility Cloak back on, thereby gaining his seat at the long Gryffindor table (which, inconve\-niently, was the farthest from the entrance hall) without being noticed. As though he had read Harry\rquote s mind, however, Snape said, \ldblquote No cloak. You can walk in so that everyone sees you, which is what you wanted, I\rquote m sure.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned on the spot and marched straight through the open doors: anything to get away from Snape. The Great Hall, with its four long House tables and its staff table set at the top of the room, was decorated as usual with floating candles that made the plates below glitter and glow. It was all a shimmering blur to Harry, however, who walked so fast that he was passing the Huf\-flepuff table before people really started to stare, and by the time they were standing up to get a good look at him, he had spotted Ron and Hermione, sped along the benches toward them, and forced his way in between them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote ve you \emdash  blimey, what\rquote ve you done to your face?\rdblquote  said Ron, goggling at him along with everyone else in the vicinity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why, what\rquote s wrong with it?\rdblquote  said Harry, grabbing a spoon and squinting at his distorted reflection.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re covered in blood!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Come here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She raised her wand, said \ldblquote\i Tergeo\i0 !\rdblquote  and siphoned off the dried blood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, feeling his now clean face. \ldblquote How\rquote s my nose looking?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Normal,\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously. \ldblquote Why shouldn\rquote t it? Harry, what happened? We\rquote ve been terrified!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll tell you later,\rdblquote  said Harry curtly. He was very conscious that Ginny, Neville, Dean, and Seamus were listening in; even Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost, had come floating along the bench to eavesdrop.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not now, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry, in a darkly significant voice. He hoped very much that they would all assume he had been in\-volved in something heroic, preferably involving a couple of Death Eaters and a dementor. Of course, Malfoy would spread the story as far and wide as he could, but there was always a chance it wouldn\rquote t reach too many Gryffindor ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He reached across Ron for a couple of chicken legs and a hand\-ful of chips, but before he could take them they vanished, to be re\-placed with puddings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You missed the Sorting, anyway,\rdblquote  said Hermione, as Ron dived for a large chocolate gateau.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hat say anything interesting?\rdblquote  asked Harry, taking a piece of treacle tart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote More of the same, really \'85 advising us all to unite in the face of our enemies, you know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore mentioned Voldemort at all?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not yet, but he always saves his proper speech for after the feast, doesn\rquote t he? It can\rquote t be long now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape said Hagrid was late for the feast \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve seen Snape? How come?\rdblquote  said Ron between frenzied mouthfuls of gateau.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bumped into him,\rdblquote  said Harry evasively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid was only a few minutes late,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Look, he\rquote s waving at you, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked up at the staff table and grinned at Hagrid, who was indeed waving at him. Hagrid had never quite managed to comport himself with the dignity of Professor McGonagall, Head of Gryffindor House, the top of whose head came up to somewhere between Hagrid\rquote s elbow and shoulder as they were sitting side by side, and who was looking disapprovingly at this enthusiastic greet\-ing. Harry was surprised to see the Divination teacher, Professor Trelawney, sitting on Hagrid\rquote s other side; she rarely left her tower room, and he had never seen her at the start-of-term feast before. She looked as odd as ever, glittering with beads and trailing shawls, her eyes magnified to enormous size by her spectacles. Having al\-ways considered her a bit of a fraud, Harry had been shocked to discover at the end of the previous term that it had been she who had made the prediction that caused Lord Voldemort to kill Harry\rquote s parents and attack Harry himself. The knowledge had made him even less eager to find himself in her company, but thankfully, this year he would be dropping Divination. Her great beaconlike eyes swiveled in his direction; he hastily looked away to\-ward the Slytherin table. Draco Malfoy was miming the shattering of a nose to raucous laughter and applause. Harry dropped his gaze to his treacle tart, his insides burning again. What he would not give to fight Malfoy one-on-one \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what did Professor Slughorn want?\rdblquote  Hermione asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To know what really happened at the Ministry,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Him and everyone else here,\rdblquote  sniffed Hermione. \ldblquote People were interrogating us about it on the train, weren\rquote t they, Ron?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote All wanting to know if you really are \lquote the Chosen One\rquote  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There has been much talk on that very subject even amongst the ghosts,\rdblquote  interrupted Nearly Headless Nick, inclining his barely connected head toward Harry so that it wobbled dangerously on its ruff. \ldblquote I am considered something of a Potter authority; it is widely known that we are friendly. I have assured the spirit community that I will not pester you for information, however. \lquote Harry Potter knows that he can confide in me with complete confidence,\rquote  I told them. \lquote I would rather die than betray his trust.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s not saying much, seeing as you\rquote re already dead,\rdblquote  Ron observed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Once again, you show all the sensitivity of a blunt axe,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick in affronted tones, and he rose into the air and glided back toward the far end of the Gryffindor table just as Dumbledore got to his feet at the staff table. The talk and laughter echoing around the Hall died away almost instantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The very best of evenings to you!\rdblquote  he said, smiling broadly, his arms opened wide as though to embrace the whole room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened to his hand?\rdblquote  gasped Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was not the only one who had noticed. Dumbledore\rquote s right hand was as blackened and dead-looking as it had been on the night he had come to fetch Harry from the Dursleys. Whispers swept the room; Dumbledore, interpreting them correctly, merely smiled and shook his purple-and-gold sleeve over his injury.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing to worry about,\rdblquote  he said airily. \ldblquote Now \'85 to our new students, welcome, to our old students, welcome back! Another year full of magical education awaits you \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His hand was like that when I saw him over the summer,\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry whispered to Hermione. \ldblquote I thought he\rquote d have cured it by now, though \'85 or Madam Pomfrey would\rquote ve done.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It looks as if it\rquote s died,\rdblquote  said Hermione, with a nauseated expres\-sion. \ldblquote But there are some injuries you can\rquote t cure \'85 old curses \'85 and there are poisons without antidotes. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and Mr. Filch, our caretaker, has asked me to say that there is a blanket ban on any joke items bought at the shop called Weasleys\rquote  Wizard Wheezes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Those wishing to play for their House Quidditch teams should give their names to their Heads of House as usual. We are also look\-ing for new Quidditch commentators, who should do likewise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We are pleased to welcome a new member of staff this year. Professor Slughorn\rdblquote  \emdash  Slughorn stood up, his bald head gleaming in the candlelight, his big waistcoated belly casting the table below into shadow \emdash  \ldblquote is a former colleague of mine who has agreed to resume his old post of Potions master.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potions?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Potions\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The word echoed all over the Hall as people wondered whether they had heard right.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potions?\rdblquote  said Ron and Hermione together, turning to stare at Harry. \ldblquote But you said \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Snape, meanwhile,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, raising his voice so that it carried over all the muttering, \ldblquote will be taking over the position of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Harry, so loudly that many heads turned in his direc\-tion. He did not care; he was staring up at the staff table, incensed. How could Snape be given the Defense Against the Dark Arts job\lang3081  \lang1033 after all this time? Hadn\rquote t it been widely known for years that Dumbledore did not trust him to do it?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Harry, you said that Slughorn was going to be teaching De\-fense Against the Dark Arts!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought he was!\rdblquote  said Harry, racking his brains to remember when Dumbledore had told him this, but now that he came to think of it, he was unable to recall Dumbledore ever telling him what Slughorn would be teaching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape, who was sitting on Dumbledore\rquote s right, did not stand up at the mention of his name; he merely raised a hand in lazy ac\-knowledgment of the applause from the Slytherin table, yet Harry was sure he could detect a look of triumph on the features he loathed so much.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, there\rquote s one good thing,\rdblquote  he said savagely. \ldblquote Snape\rquote ll be gone by the end of the year.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That job\rquote s jinxed. No one\rquote s lasted more than a year. \'85 Quirrell actually died doing it. \'85 Personally, I\rquote m going to keep my fingers crossed for another death. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione, shocked and reproachful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He might just go back to teaching Potions at the end of the year,\rdblquote  said Ron reasonably. \ldblquote That Slughorn bloke might not want to stay long-term. Moody didn\rquote t.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore cleared his throat. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were not the only ones who had been talking; the whole Hall had erupted in a buzz of conversation at the news that Snape had finally achieved his heart\rquote s desire. Seemingly oblivious to the sensational nature of the news he had just imparted, Dumbledore said nothing more\lang3081  \lang1033 about staff appointments, but waited a few seconds to ensure that the silence was absolute before continuing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, as everybody in this Hall knows, Lord Voldemort and his followers are once more at large and gaining in strength.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The silence seemed to tauten and strain as Dumbledore spoke. Harry glanced at Malfoy. Malfoy was not looking at Dumbledore, but making his fork hover in midair with his wand, as though he found the headmaster\rquote s words unworthy of his attention.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I cannot emphasize strongly enough how dangerous the present situation is, and how much care each of us at Hogwarts must take to ensure that we remain safe. The castle\rquote s magical fortifications have been strengthened over the summer, we are protected in new and more powerful ways, but we must still guard scrupulously against carelessness on the part of any student or member of staff. I urge you, therefore, to abide by any security restrictions that your teachers might impose upon you, however irksome you might find them \emdash  in particular, the rule that you are not to be out of bed af\-ter hours. I implore you, should you notice anything strange or suspicious within or outside the castle, to report it to a member of staff immediately. I trust you to conduct yourselves, always, with the utmost regard for your own and others\rquote  safety.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s blue eyes swept over the students before he smiled once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But now, your beds await, as warm and comfortable as you could possibly wish, and I know that your top priority is to be well-rested for your lessons tomorrow. Let us therefore say good night. Pip pip!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With the usual deafening scraping noise, the benches were moved back and the hundreds of students began to file out of the\lang3081  \lang1033 Great Hall toward their dormitories. Harry, who was in no hurry at all to leave with the gawping crowd, nor to get near enough to Malfoy to allow him to retell the story of the nose-stamping, lagged behind, pretending to retie the lace on his trainer, allowing most of the Gryffindors to draw ahead of him. Hermione had darted ahead to fulfill her prefect\rquote s duty of shepherding the first years, but Ron remained with Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What really happened to your nose?\rdblquote  he asked, once they were at the very back of the throng pressing out of the Hall, and out of earshot of anyone else.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry told him. It was a mark of the strength of their friendship that Ron did not laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw Malfoy miming something to do with a nose,\rdblquote  he said darkly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, never mind that,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly. \ldblquote Listen to what he was saying before he found out I was there. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had expected Ron to be stunned by Malfoy\rquote s boasts. With what Harry considered pure pigheadedness, however, Ron was unimpressed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, Harry, he was just showing off for Parkinson. \'85 What kind of mission would You-Know-Who have given him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you know Voldemort doesn\rquote t need someone at Hog\-warts? It wouldn\rquote t be the first \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wish yeh\rquote d stop sayin\rquote  tha\rquote  name, Harry,\rdblquote  said a reproachful voice behind them. Harry looked over his shoulder to see Hagrid shaking his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore uses that name,\rdblquote  said Harry stubbornly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, tha\rquote s Dumbledore, innit?\rdblquote  said Hagrid mysteriously. \ldblquote So how come yeh were late, Harry? I was worried.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Got held up on the train,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Why were \i you\i0  late?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was with Grawp,\rdblquote  said Hagrid happily. \ldblquote Los\rquote  track o\rquote  the time. He\rquote s got a new home up in the mountains now, Dumbledore fixed it \emdash  nice big cave. He\rquote s much happier than he was in the forest. We were havin\rquote  a good chat.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote  said Harry, taking care not to catch Ron\rquote s eye; the last time he had met Hagrid\rquote s half-brother, a vicious giant with a talent for ripping up trees by the roots, his vocabulary had comprised five words, two of which he was unable to pronounce properly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah, he\rquote s really come on,\rdblquote  said Hagrid proudly. \ldblquote Yeh\rquote ll be amazed. I\rquote m thinkin\rquote  o\rquote  trainin\rquote  him up as me assistant.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron snorted loudly, but managed to pass it off as a violent sneeze. They were now standing beside the oak front doors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway, I\rquote ll see yeh tomorrow, firs\rquote  lesson\rquote s straight after lunch. Come early an\rquote  yeh can say hello ter Buck \emdash  I mean, Witherwings!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Raising an arm in cheery farewell, he headed out of the front doors into the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron looked at each other. Harry could tell that Ron was experiencing the same sinking feeling as himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not taking Care of Magical Creatures, are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron shook his head. \ldblquote And you\rquote re not either, are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shook his head too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote she\rquote s not, is she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shook his head again. Exactly what Hagrid would say when he realized his three favorite students had given up his sub\-ject, he did not like to think.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 9\par
\pard\qc The Half-Blood Prince\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry and Ron met Hermione in the common room be\-fore breakfast next morning. Hoping for some support for his theory, Harry lost no time in telling Hermione what he had overheard Malfoy saying on the Hogwarts Express.\par
\ldblquote But he was obviously showing off for Parkinson, wasn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  in\-terjected Ron quickly, before Hermione could say anything.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  she said uncertainly, \ldblquote I don\rquote t know. \'85 It would be like Malfoy to make himself seem more important than he is \'85 but that\rquote s a big lie to tell. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Exactly,\rdblquote  said Harry, but he could not press the point, because so many people were trying to listen in to his conversation, not to mention staring at him and whispering behind their hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s rude to point,\rdblquote  Ron snapped at a particularly minuscule first-year boy as they joined the queue to climb out of the portrait hole. The boy, who had been muttering something about Harry\lang3081  \lang1033 behind his hand to his friend, promptly turned scarlet and toppled out of the hole in alarm. Ron sniggered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I love being a sixth year. \i And\i0  we\rquote re going to be getting free time this year. Whole periods when we can just sit up here and relax.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re going to need that time for studying, Ron!\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one, as they set off down the corridor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but not today,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Today\rquote s going to be a real doss, I reckon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hold it!\rdblquote  said Hermione, throwing out an arm and halting a passing fourth year, who was attempting to push past her with a lime-green disk clutched tightly in his hand. \ldblquote Fanged Frisbees are banned, hand it over,\rdblquote  she told him sternly. The scowling boy handed over the snarling Frisbee, ducked under her arm, and took off after his friends. Ron waited for him to vanish, then tugged the Frisbee from Hermione\rquote s grip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent, I\rquote ve always wanted one of these.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s remonstration was drowned by a loud giggle; Laven\-der Brown had apparently found Ron\rquote s remark highly amusing. She continued to laugh as she passed them, glancing back at Ron over her shoulder. Ron looked rather pleased with himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The ceiling of the Great Hall was serenely blue and streaked with frail, wispy clouds, just like the squares of sky visible through the high mullioned windows. While they tucked into porridge and eggs and bacon, Harry and Ron told Hermione about their embar\-rassing conversation with Hagrid the previous evening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he can\rquote t really think we\rquote d continue Care of Magical Crea\-tures!\rdblquote  she said, looking distressed. \ldblquote I mean, when has any of us ex\-pressed \'85 you know \'85 any enthusiasm?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s it, though, innit?\rdblquote  said Ron, swallowing an entire fried\lang3081  \lang1033 egg whole. \ldblquote We were the ones who made the most effort in classes because we like Hagrid. But he thinks we liked the stupid \i subject. \i0 D\rquote you reckon anyone\rquote s going to go on to N.E.W.T.?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neither Harry nor Hermione answered; there was no need. They knew perfectly well that nobody in their year would want to continue Care of Magical Creatures. They avoided Hagrid\rquote s eye and returned his cheery wave only halfheartedly when he left the staff table ten minutes later.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After they had eaten, they remained in their places, awaiting Professor McGonagall\rquote s descent from the staff table. The distribu\-tion of class schedules was more complicated than usual this year, for Professor McGonagall needed first to confirm that everybody had achieved the necessary O.W.L. grades to continue with their chosen N.E.W.T.s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was immediately cleared to continue with Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Transfiguration, Herbology, Arithmancy, Ancient Runes, and Potions, and shot off to a first-period Ancient Runes class without further ado. Neville took a lit\-tle longer to sort out; his round face was anxious as Professor McGonagall looked down his application and then consulted his O.W.L. results.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Herbology, fine,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Professor Sprout will be delighted to see you back with an \lquote Outstanding\rquote  O.W.L. And you qualify for Defense Against the Dark Arts with \lquote Exceeds Expectations.\rquote  But the problem is Transfiguration. I\rquote m sorry, Longbottom, but an Acceptable\rquote  really isn\rquote t good enough to continue to N.E.W.T level. I just don\rquote t think you\rquote d be able to cope with the coursework.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville hung his head. Professor McGonagall peered at him through her square spectacles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why do you want to continue with Transfiguration, anyway? I\rquote ve never had the impression that you particularly enjoyed it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville looked miserable and muttered something about \ldblquote my grandmother wants.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmph,\rdblquote  snorted Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote It\rquote s high time your grandmother learned to be proud of the grandson she\rquote s got, rather than the one she thinks she ought to have \emdash  particularly after what happened at the Ministry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville turned very pink and blinked confusedly; Professor McGonagall had never paid him a compliment before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, Longbottom, but I cannot let you into my N.E.W.T. class. I see that you have an \lquote Exceeds Expectations\rquote  in Charms, however \emdash  why not try for a N.E.W.T. in Charms?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My grandmother thinks Charms is a soft option,\rdblquote  mumbled Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take Charms,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, \ldblquote and I shall drop Augusta a line reminding her that just because she failed \i her\i0  Charms O.W.L., the subject is not necessarily worthless.\rdblquote  Smiling slightly at the look of delighted incredulity on Neville\rquote s face, Profes\-sor McGonagall tapped a blank schedule with the tip of her wand and handed it, now carrying details of his new classes, to Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall turned next to Parvati Patil, whose first question was whether Firenze, the handsome centaur, was still teaching Divination.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He and Professor Trelawney are dividing classes between them this year,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, a hint of disapproval in her voice; it was common knowledge that she despised the subject of Divination. \ldblquote The sixth year is being taken by Professor Trelawney.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Parvati set off for Divination five minutes later looking slightly crestfallen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, Potter, Potter \'85\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, consulting her notes as she turned to Harry. \ldblquote Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Herbology, Transfiguration \'85 all fine. I must say, I was pleased with your Transfiguration mark, Potter, very pleased. Now, why haven\rquote t you applied to continue with Potions? I thought it was your ambition to become an Auror?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was, but you told me I had to get an \lquote Outstanding\rquote  in my O.W.L., Professor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And so you did when Professor Snape was teaching the subject. Professor Slughorn, however, is perfectly happy to accept N.E.W.T students with \lquote Exceeds Expectations\rquote  at O.W.L. Do you wish to proceed with Potions?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but I didn\rquote t buy the books or any ingredients or anything \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sure Professor Slughorn will be able to lend you some,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Very well, Potter, here is your schedule. Oh, by the way \emdash  twenty hopefuls have already put down their names for the Gryffindor Quidditch team. I shall pass the list to you in due course and you can fix up trials at your leisure.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few minutes later, Ron was cleared to do the same subjects as Harry, and the two of them left the table together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  said Ron delightedly, gazing at his schedule, \ldblquote we\rquote ve got a free period now\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and a free period after break \'85 and after lunch \'85 \i excellent\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They returned to the common room, which was empty apart from a half dozen seventh years, including Katie Bell, the only\lang3081  \lang1033 remaining member of the original Gryffindor Quidditch team that Harry had joined in his first year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you\rquote d get that, well done,\rdblquote  she called over, pointing at the Captain\rquote s badge on Harry\rquote s chest. \ldblquote Tell me when you call trials!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be stupid,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote you don\rquote t need to try out, I\rquote ve watched you play for five years. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mustn\rquote t start off like that,\rdblquote  she said warningly. \ldblquote For all you know, there\rquote s someone much better than me out there. Good teams have been ruined before now because Captains just kept playing the old faces, or letting in their friends. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked a little uncomfortable and began playing with the Fanged Frisbee Hermione had taken from the fourth-year student. It zoomed around the common room, snarling and attempting to take bites of the tapestry. Crookshanks\rquote s yellow eyes followed it and he hissed when it came too close.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An hour later they reluctantly left the sunlit common room for the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom four floors below. Hermione was already queuing outside, carrying an armful of heavy books and looking put-upon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We got so much homework for Runes,\rdblquote  she said anxiously, when Harry and Ron joined her. \ldblquote A fifteen-inch essay, two transla\-tions, and I\rquote ve got to read these by Wednesday!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shame,\rdblquote  yawned Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You wait,\rdblquote  she said resentfully. \ldblquote I bet Snape gives us loads.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The classroom door opened as she spoke, and Snape stepped into the corridor, his sallow face framed as ever by two curtains of greasy black hair. Silence fell over the queue immediately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Inside,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around as they entered. Snape had imposed his personality upon the room already; it was gloomier than usual, as curtains had been drawn over the windows, and was lit by candle\-light. New pictures adorned the walls, many of them showing peo\-ple who appeared to be in pain, sporting grisly injuries or strangely contorted body parts. Nobody spoke as they settled down, looking around at the shadowy, gruesome pictures.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have not asked you to take out your books,\rdblquote  said Snape, clos\-ing the door and moving to face the class from behind his desk; Hermione hastily dropped her copy of \i Confronting the Faceless\i0  back into her bag and stowed it under her chair. \ldblquote I wish to speak to you, and I want your fullest attention.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His black eyes roved over their upturned faces, lingering for a fraction of a second longer on Harry\rquote s than anyone else\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have had five teachers in this subject so far, I believe.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i You believe\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 like you haven\rquote t watched them all come and go, Snape, hoping you\rquote d be next,\i0  thought Harry scathingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Naturally, these teachers will all have had their own methods and priorities. Given this confusion I am surprised so many of you scraped an O.W.L. in this subject. I shall be even more surprised if all of you manage to keep up with the N.E.W.T. work, which will be much more advanced.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape set off around the edge of the room, speaking now in a lower voice; the class craned their necks to keep him in view.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Arts,\rdblquote  said Snape, \ldblquote are many, varied, ever-changing, and eternal. Fighting them is like fighting a many-headed monster, which, each time a neck is severed, sprouts a head even fiercer and cleverer than before. You are fighting that which is unfixed, mutat\-ing, indestructible.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at Snape. It was surely one thing to respect the Dark Arts as a dangerous enemy, another to speak of them, as Snape was doing, with a loving caress in his voice?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your defenses,\rdblquote  said Snape, a little louder, \ldblquote must therefore be as flexible and inventive as the arts you seek to undo. These pictures\rdblquote  \emdash  he indicated a few of them as he swept past \emdash  \ldblquote give a fair rep\-resentation of what happens to those who suffer, for instance, the Cruciatus Curse\rdblquote  \emdash  he waved a hand toward a witch who was clearly shrieking in agony \emdash  \ldblquote feel the Dementor\rquote s Kiss\rdblquote  \emdash  a wiz\-ard lying huddled and blank-eyed, slumped against a wall \emdash  \ldblquote or provoke the aggression of the Inferius\rdblquote  \emdash  a bloody mass upon the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Has an Inferius been seen, then?\rdblquote  said Parvati Patil in a high-pitched voice. \ldblquote Is it definite, is he using them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord has used Inferi in the past,\rdblquote  said Snape, \ldblquote which means you would be well-advised to assume he might use them again. Now \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He set off again around the other side of the classroom toward his desk, and again, they watched him as he walked, his dark robes billowing behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 you are, I believe, complete novices in the use of nonverbal spells. What is the advantage of a nonverbal spell?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s hand shot into the air. Snape took his time looking around at everybody else, making sure he had no choice, before saying curtly, \ldblquote Very well \emdash  Miss Granger?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your adversary has no warning about what kind of magic you\rquote re about to perform,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote which gives you a split-second advantage.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An answer copied almost word for word from \i The Standard Book\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i of Spells, Grade Six,\i0\rdblquote  said Snape dismissively (over in the corner, Malfoy sniggered), \ldblquote but correct in essentials. Yes, those who progress to using magic without shouting incantations gain an element of surprise in their spell-casting. Not all wizards can do this, of course; it is a question of concentration and mind power which some\rdblquote  \emdash  his gaze lingered maliciously upon Harry once more \emdash  \ldblquote lack.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry knew Snape was thinking of their disastrous Occlumency lessons of the previous year. He refused to drop his gaze, but glow\-ered at Snape until Snape looked away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will now divide,\rdblquote  Snape went on, \ldblquote into pairs. One partner will attempt to jinx the other \i without speaking.\i0  The other will at\-tempt to repel the jinx \i in equal silence.\i0  Carry on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Although Snape did not know it, Harry had taught at least half the class (everyone who had been a member of the D.A.) how to perform a Shield Charm the previous year. None of them had ever cast the charm without speaking, however. A reasonable amount of cheating ensued; many people were merely whispering the incantation instead of saying it aloud. Typically, ten minutes into the lesson Hermione managed to repel Neville\rquote s muttered Jelly-Legs Jinx without uttering a single word, a feat that would surely have earned her twenty points for Gryffindor from any reasonable teacher, thought Harry bitterly, but which Snape ignored. He swept between them as they practiced, looking just as much like an overgrown bat as ever, lingering to watch Harry and Ron strug\-gling with the task.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron, who was supposed to be jinxing Harry, was purple in the face, his lips tightly compressed to save himself from the temptation of muttering the incantation. Harry had his wand raised, waiting on tenterhooks to repel a jinx that seemed unlikely ever to come.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pathetic, Weasley,\rdblquote  said Snape, after a while. \ldblquote Here \emdash  let me show you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned his wand on Harry so fast that Harry reacted instinc\-tively; all thought of nonverbal spells forgotten, he yelled, \ldblquote\i Protego\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His Shield Charm was so strong Snape was knocked off-balance and hit a desk. The whole class had looked around and now watched as Snape righted himself, scowling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you remember me telling you we are practicing \i nonverbal\i0  spells, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry stiffly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, \i sir.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s no need to call me \lquote sir,\rquote  Professor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The words had escaped him before he knew what he was saying. Several people gasped, including Hermione. Behind Snape, how\-ever, Ron, Dean, and Seamus grinned appreciatively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Detention, Saturday night, my office,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote I do not take cheek from anyone, Potter \'85 not even \lquote\i the Chosen One.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was brilliant, Harry!\rdblquote  chortled Ron, once they were safely on their way to break a short while later.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You really shouldn\rquote t have said it,\rdblquote  said Hermione, frowning at Ron. \ldblquote What made you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He tried to jinx me, in case you didn\rquote t notice!\rdblquote  fumed Harry. \ldblquote I had enough of that during those Occlumency lessons! Why doesn\rquote t he use another guinea pig for a change? What\rquote s Dumbledore playing at, anyway, letting him teach Defense? Did you hear him talking about the Dark Arts? He loves them! All that \i unfixed, indestructible\i0  stuff\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote I thought he sounded a bit like you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like \i me\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, when you were telling us what it\rquote s like to face Voldemort. You said it wasn\rquote t just memorizing a bunch of spells, you said it was just you and your brains and your guts \emdash  well, wasn\rquote t that what Snape was saying? That it really comes down to being brave and quick-thinking?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was so disarmed that she had thought his words as well worth memorizing as \i The Standard Book of Spells\i0  that he did not argue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! Hey, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around; Jack Sloper, one of the Beaters on last year\rquote s Gryffindor Quidditch team, was hurrying toward him hold\-ing a roll of parchment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For you,\rdblquote  panted Sloper. \ldblquote Listen, I heard you\rquote re the new Cap\-tain. When\rquote re you holding trials?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not sure yet,\rdblquote  said Harry, thinking privately that Sloper would be very lucky to get back on the team. \ldblquote I\rquote ll let you know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, right. I was hoping it\rquote d be this weekend \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry was not listening; he had just recognized the thin, slanting writing on the parchment. Leaving Sloper in mid-sentence, he hurried away with Ron and Hermione, unrolling the parchment as he went. \par
\par
\i Dear Harry,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I would like to start our private lessons this Saturday. Kindly come along to my office at 8 p.m. I hope you are enjoy\-ing your first day back at school.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Yours sincerely,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Albus\lang3081  Dumbledore\par
\lang1033 P.S. I enjoy Acid Pops.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\par
\ldblquote He enjoys Acid Pops?\rdblquote  said Ron, who had read the message over Harry\rquote s shoulder and was looking perplexed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s the password to get past the gargoyle outside his study,\rdblquote  said Harry in a low voice. \ldblquote Ha! Snape\rquote s not going to be pleased. \'85 I won\rquote t be able to do his detention!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He, Ron, and Hermione spent the whole of break speculating on what Dumbledore would teach Harry. Ron thought it most likely to be spectacular jinxes and hexes of the type the Death Eaters would not know. Hermione said such things were illegal, and thought it much more likely that Dumbledore wanted to teach Harry advanced Defensive magic. After break, she went off to Arithmancy while Harry and Ron returned to the common room, where they grudgingly started Snape\rquote s homework. This turned out to be so complex that they still had not finished when Hermione joined them for their after-lunch free period (though she consider\-ably speeded up the process). They had only just finished when the bell rang for the afternoon\rquote s double Potions and they beat the fa\-miliar path down to the dungeon classroom that had, for so long, been Snape\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When they arrived in the corridor they saw that there were only a dozen people progressing to N.E.W.T. level. Crabbe and Goyle had evidently failed to achieve the required O.W.L. grade, but four Slytherins had made it through, including Malfoy. Four Raven\-claws were there, and one Hufflepuff, Ernie Macmillan, whom Harry liked despite his rather pompous manner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  Ernie said portentously, holding out his hand as Harry approached, \ldblquote didn\rquote t get a chance to speak in Defense Against the Dark Arts this morning. Good lesson, I thought, but Shield\lang3081  \lang1033 Charms are old hat, of course, for us old D.A. lags \'85 And how are you, Ron \emdash  Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before they could say more than \ldblquote fine,\rdblquote  the dungeon door opened and Slughorn\rquote s belly preceded him out of the door. As they filed into the room, his great walrus mustache curved above his beaming mouth, and he greeted Harry and Zabini with particular enthusiasm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dungeon was, most unusually, already full of vapors and odd smells. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sniffed interestedly as they passed large, bubbling cauldrons. The four Slytherins took a table together, as did the four Ravenclaws. This left Harry, Ron, and Hermione to share a table with Ernie. They chose the one nearest a gold-colored cauldron that was emitting one of the most seductive scents Harry had ever inhaled: Somehow it reminded him simulta\-neously of treacle tart, the woody smell of a broomstick handle, and something flowery he thought he might have smelled at the Burrow. He found that he was breathing very slowly and deeply and that the potion\rquote s fumes seemed to be filling him up like drink. A great contentment stole over him; he grinned across at Ron, who grinned back lazily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now then, now then, now then,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, whose massive outline was quivering through the many shimmering vapors. \ldblquote Scales out, everyone, and potion kits, and don\rquote t forget your copies of\lang3081  \lang1033\i Advanced Potion-Making. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir?\rdblquote  said Harry, raising his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, m\rquote boy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t got a book or scales or anything \emdash  nor\rquote s Ron \emdash  we didn\rquote t realize we\rquote d be able to do the N.E.W.T., you see \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, yes, Professor McGonagall did mention \'85 not to worry, my dear boy, not to worry at all. You can use ingredients from the store cupboard today, and I\rquote m sure we can lend you some scales, and we\rquote ve got a small stock of old books here, they\rquote ll do until you can write to Flourish and Blotts. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn strode over to a corner cupboard and, after a moment\rquote s foraging, emerged with two very battered-looking copies of \i Ad\-vanced Potion-Making\i0  by Libatius Borage, which he gave to Harry and Ron along with two sets of tarnished scales.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now then,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, returning to the front of the class and inflating his already bulging chest so that the buttons on his waistcoat threatened to burst off, \ldblquote I\rquote ve prepared a few potions for you to have a look at, just out of interest, you know. These are the kind of thing you ought to be able to make after completing your N.E.W.T.s. You ought to have heard of \rquote em, even if you haven\rquote t made \rquote em yet. Anyone tell me what this one is?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He indicated the cauldron nearest the Slytherin table. Harry raised himself slightly in his seat and saw what looked like plain water boiling away inside it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s well-practiced hand hit the air before anybody else\rquote s; Slughorn pointed at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Veritaserum, a colorless, odorless potion that forces the drinker to tell the truth,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very good, very good!\rdblquote  said Slughorn happily. \ldblquote Now,\rdblquote  he con\-tinued, pointing at the cauldron nearest the Ravenclaw table, \ldblquote this one here is pretty well known. \'85 Featured in a few Ministry leaflets lately too \'85 Who can \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s hand was fastest once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Polyjuice Potion, sir,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry too had recognized the slow-bubbling, mudlike substance in the second cauldron, but did not resent Hermione getting the credit for answering the question; she, after all, was the one who had succeeded in making it, back in their second year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent, excellent! Now, this one here \'85 yes, my dear?\rdblquote  said Slughorn, now looking slightly bemused, as Hermione\rquote s hand punched the air again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Amortentia!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is indeed. It seems almost foolish to ask,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, who was looking mightily impressed, \ldblquote but I assume you know what it does?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s the most powerful love potion in the world!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quite right! You recognized it, I suppose, by its distinctive mother-of-pearl sheen?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And the steam rising in characteristic spirals,\rdblquote  said Hermione enthusiastically, \ldblquote and it\rquote s supposed to smell differently to each of us, according to what attracts us, and I can smell freshly mown grass and new parchment and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But she turned slightly pink and did not complete the sentence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote May I ask your name, my dear?\rdblquote  said Slughorn, ignoring Her\-mione\rquote s embarrassment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione Granger, sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Granger? Granger? Can you possibly be related to Hector Dagworth-Granger, who founded the Most Extraordinary Society of Potioneers?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t think so, sir. I\rquote m Muggle-born, you see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw Malfoy lean close to Nott and whisper something;\lang3081  \lang1033 both of them sniggered, but Slughorn showed no dismay; on the contrary, he beamed and looked from Hermione to Harry, who was sitting next to her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oho! \lquote\i One of my best friends is Muggle-born, and she\rquote s the best in our year\i0 !\rquote\lang3081  \lang1033 I\rquote m assuming this is the very friend of whom you spoke, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, well, take twenty well-earned points for Gryffindor, Miss Granger,\rdblquote  said Slughorn genially.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy looked rather as he had done the time Hermione had punched him in the face. Hermione turned to Harry with a radiant expression and whispered, \ldblquote Did you really tell him I\rquote m the best in the year? Oh, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, what\rquote s so impressive about that?\rdblquote  whispered Ron, who for some reason looked annoyed. \ldblquote You \i are\i0  the best in the year \emdash  I\rquote d\rquote ve told him so if he\rquote d asked me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione smiled but made a \ldblquote shhing\rdblquote  gesture, so that they could hear what Slughorn was saying. Ron looked slightly disgruntled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Amortentia doesn\rquote t really create \i love,\i0  of course. It is impossible to manufacture or imitate love. No, this will simply cause a power\-ful infatuation or obsession. It is probably the most dangerous and powerful potion in this room \emdash  oh yes,\rdblquote  he said, nodding gravely at Malfoy and Nott, both of whom were smirking skeptically. \ldblquote When you have seen as much of life as I have, you will not un\-derestimate the power of obsessive love. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, \ldblquote it is time for us to start work.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir, you haven\rquote t told us what\rquote s in this one,\rdblquote  said Ernie Macmil\-lan, pointing at a small black cauldron standing on Slughorn\rquote s desk. The potion within was splashing about merrily; it was the\lang3081  \lang1033 color of molten gold, and large drops were leaping like goldfish above the surface, though not a particle had spilled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oho,\rdblquote  said Slughorn again. Harry was sure that Slughorn had not forgotten the potion at all, but had waited to be asked for dra\-matic effect. \ldblquote Yes. That. Well, \i that \i0 one, ladies and gentlemen, is a most curious little potion called Felix Felicis. I take it,\rdblquote  he turned, smiling, to look at Hermione, who had let out an audible gasp, \ldblquote that you know what Felix Felicis does, Miss Granger?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s liquid luck,\rdblquote  said Hermione excitedly. \ldblquote It makes you lucky!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The whole class seemed to sit up a little straighten Now all Harry could see of Malfoy was the back of his sleek blond head, because he was at last giving Slughorn his full and undivided attention.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quite right, take another ten points for Gryffindor. Yes, it\rquote s a funny little potion, Felix Felicis,\rdblquote  said Slughorn. \ldblquote Desperately tricky to make, and disastrous to get wrong. However, if brewed correctly, as this has been, you will find that all your endeavors tend to succeed \'85 at least until the effects wear off.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why don\rquote t people drink it all the time, sir?\rdblquote  said Terry Boot eagerly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because if taken in excess, it causes giddiness, recklessness, and dangerous overconfidence,\rdblquote  said Slughorn. \ldblquote Too much of a good thing, you know \'85 highly toxic in large quantities. But taken sparingly, and very occasionally \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you ever taken it, sir?\rdblquote  asked Michael Corner with great interest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Twice in my life,\rdblquote  said Slughorn. \ldblquote Once when I was twenty-four, once when I was fifty-seven. Two tablespoonfuls taken with breakfast. Two perfect days.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gazed dreamily into the distance. Whether he was playacting or not, thought Harry, the effect was good.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And that,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, apparently coming back to earth, \ldblquote is what I shall be offering as a prize in this lesson.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence in which every bubble and gurgle of the sur\-rounding potions seemed magnified tenfold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One tiny bottle of Felix Felicis,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, taking a mi\-nuscule glass bottle with a cork in it out of his pocket and showing it to them all. \ldblquote Enough for twelve hours\rquote  luck. From dawn till dusk, you will be lucky in everything you attempt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, I must give you warning that Felix Felicis is a banned sub\-stance in organized competitions \'85 sporting events, for instance, examinations, or elections. So the winner is to use it on an ordinary day only \'85 and watch how that ordinary day becomes extraor\-dinary!\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, suddenly brisk, \ldblquote how are you to win my fabulous prize? Well, by turning to page ten of \i Advanced Potion-Making.\i0  We have a little over an hour left to us, which should be time for you to make a decent attempt at the Draught of Living Death. I know it is more complex than anything you have at\-tempted before, and I do not expect a perfect potion from any\-body. The person who does best, however, will win little Felix here. Off you go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a scraping as everyone drew their cauldrons toward them and some loud clunks as people began adding weights to their scales, but nobody spoke. The concentration within the room was almost tangible. Harry saw Malfoy riffling feverishly through his copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making.\i0  It could not have been clearer\lang3081  \lang1033 that Malfoy really wanted that lucky day. Harry bent swiftly over the tattered book Slughorn had lent him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To his annoyance he saw that the previous owner had scribbled all over the pages, so that the margins were as black as the printed portions. Bending low to decipher the ingredients (even here, the previous owner had made annotations and crossed things out) Harry hurried off toward the store cupboard to find what he needed. As he dashed back to his cauldron, he saw Malfoy cutting up valerian roots as fast as he could.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everyone kept glancing around at what the rest of the class was doing; this was both an advantage and a disadvantage of Potions, that it was hard to keep your work private. Within ten minutes, the whole place was full of bluish steam. Hermione, of course, seemed to have progressed furthest. Her potion already resembled the \ldblquote smooth, black currant-colored liquid\rdblquote  mentioned as the ideal halfway stage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Having finished chopping his roots, Harry bent low over his book again. It was really very irritating, having to try and decipher the directions under all the stupid scribbles of the previous owner, who for some reason had taken issue with the order to cut up the sopophorous bean and had written in the alternative instruction:\par
\par
\pard\qc\i Crush\lang3081  with flat side of silver dagger,\par
\lang1033 releases\lang3081  juice better than cutting.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
\ldblquote Sir, I think you knew my grandfather, Abraxas Malfoy?\rdblquote\par
Harry looked up; Slughorn was just passing the Slytherin table.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, without looking at Malfoy, \ldblquote I was sorry to\lang3081  \lang1033 hear he had died, although of course it wasn\rquote t unexpected, dragon pox at his age. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he walked away. Harry bent back over his cauldron, smirk\-ing. He could tell that Malfoy had expected to be treated like Harry or Zabini; perhaps even hoped for some preferential treatment of the type he had learned to expect from Snape. It looked as though Malfoy would have to rely on nothing but talent to win the bottle of Felix Felicis.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sopophorous bean was proving very difficult to cut up. Harry turned to Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can I borrow your silver knife?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She nodded impatiently, not taking her eyes off her potion, which was still deep purple, though according to the book ought to be turning a light shade of lilac by now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry crushed his bean with the flat side of the dagger. To his as\-tonishment, it immediately exuded so much juice he was amazed the shriveled bean could have held it all. Hastily scooping it all into the cauldron he saw, to his surprise, that the potion immediately turned exactly the shade of lilac described by the textbook.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His annoyance with the previous owner vanishing on the spot, Harry now squinted at the next line of instructions. According to the book, he had to stir counterclockwise until the potion turned clear as water. According to the addition the previous owner had made, however, he ought to add a clockwise stir after every seventh counterclockwise stir. Could the old owner be right twice?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stirred counterclockwise, held his breath, and stirred once clockwise. The effect was immediate. The potion turned palest pink.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are you doing that?\rdblquote  demanded Hermione, who was red-faced and whose hair was growing bushier and bushier in the fumes from her cauldron; her potion was still resolutely purple.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Add a clockwise stir \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, the book says counterclockwise!\rdblquote  she snapped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shrugged and continued what he was doing. Seven stirs counterclockwise, one clockwise, pause \'85 seven stirs counter\-clockwise, one stir clockwise \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Across the table, Ron was cursing fluently under his breath; his potion looked like liquid licorice. Harry glanced around. As far as he could see, no one else\rquote s potion had turned as pale as his. He felt elated, something that had certainly never happened before in this dungeon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And time\rquote s \'85 up!\rdblquote  called Slughorn. \ldblquote Stop stirring, please!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn moved slowly among the tables, peering into caul\-drons. He made no comment, but occasionally gave the potions a stir or a sniff. At last he reached the table where Harry, Ron, Her\-mione, and Ernie were sitting. He smiled ruefully at the tarlike substance in Ron\rquote s cauldron. He passed over Ernie\rquote s navy concoc\-tion. Hermione\rquote s potion he gave an approving nod. Then he saw Harry\rquote s, and a look of incredulous delight spread over his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The clear winner!\rdblquote  he cried to the dungeon. \ldblquote Excellent, excel\-lent, Harry! Good lord, it\rquote s clear you\rquote ve inherited your mother\rquote s tal\-ent. She was a dab hand at Potions, Lily was! Here you are, then, here you are \emdash  one bottle of Felix Felicis, as promised, and use it well!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry slipped the tiny bottle of golden liquid into his inner pocket, feeling an odd combination of delight at the furious looks on the Slytherins\rquote  faces and guilt at the disappointed expression on Hermione\rquote s. Ron looked simply dumbfounded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you do that?\rdblquote  he whispered to Harry as they left the dungeon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Got lucky, I suppose,\rdblquote  said Harry, because Malfoy was within earshot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once they were securely ensconced at the Gryffindor table for dinner, however, he felt safe enough to tell them. Hermione\rquote s face became stonier with every word he uttered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I s\rquote pose you think I cheated?\rdblquote  he finished, aggravated by her expression.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it wasn\rquote t exactly your own work, was it?\rdblquote  she said stiffly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He only followed different instructions to ours,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Could\rquote ve been a catastrophe, couldn\rquote t it? But he took a risk and it paid off.\rdblquote  He heaved a sigh. \ldblquote Slughorn could\rquote ve handed me that book, but no, I get the one no one\rquote s ever written on. \i Puked\i0  on, by the look of page fifty-two, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on,\rdblquote  said a voice close by Harry\rquote s left ear and he caught a sudden waft of that flowery smell he had picked up in Slughorn\rquote s dungeon. He looked around and saw that Ginny had joined them. \ldblquote Did I hear right? You\rquote ve been taking orders from something some\-one wrote in a book, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked alarmed and angry. Harry knew what was on her mind at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s nothing,\rdblquote  he said reassuringly, lowering his voice. \ldblquote It\rquote s not like, you know, Riddle\rquote s diary. It\rquote s just an old textbook someone\rquote s scribbled on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you\rquote re doing what it says?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I just tried a few of the tips written in the margins, honestly, Ginny, there\rquote s nothing funny \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny\rquote s got a point,\rdblquote  said Hermione, perking up at once. \ldblquote We\lang3081  \lang1033 ought to check that there\rquote s nothing odd about it. I mean, all these funny instructions, who knows?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey!\rdblquote  said Harry indignantly, as she pulled his copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  out of his bag and raised her wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Specialis Revelio\i0 !\rdblquote  she said, rapping it smartly on the front cover.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nothing whatsoever happened. The book simply lay there, look\-ing old and dirty and dog-eared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Finished?\rdblquote  said Harry irritably. \ldblquote Or d\rquote you want to wait and see if it does a few backflips?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It seems all right,\rdblquote  said Hermione, still staring at the book sus\-piciously. \ldblquote I mean, it really does seem to be \'85 just a textbook.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good. Then I\rquote ll have it back,\rdblquote  said Harry, snatching it off the table, but it slipped from his hand and landed open on the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody else was looking. Harry bent low to retrieve the book, and as he did so, he saw something scribbled along the bottom of the back cover in the same small, cramped handwriting as the in\-structions that had won him his bottle of Felix Felicis, now safely hidden inside a pair of socks in his trunk upstairs. \par
\par
\pard\qc\i This\lang3081  Book is the Property of the Half-Blood Prince.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 10\par
\pard\qc The House of Gaunt\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
For the rest of the week\rquote s Potions lessons Harry continued to follow the Half-Blood Prince\rquote s instructions wherever they de\-viated from Libatius Borage\rquote s, with the result that by their fourth lesson Slughorn was raving about Harry\rquote s abilities, saying that he had rarely taught anyone so talented. Neither Ron nor Hermione was delighted by this. Although Harry had offered to share his book with both of them, Ron had more difficulty deciphering the handwriting than Harry did, and could not keep asking Harry to read aloud or it might look suspicious. Hermione, meanwhile, was resolutely plowing on with what she called the \ldblquote official\rdblquote  instruc\-tions, but becoming increasingly bad-tempered as they yielded poorer results than the Prince\rquote s.\par
Harry wondered vaguely who the Half-Blood Prince had been. Although the amount of homework they had been given prevented him from reading the whole of his copy of\lang3081  \lang1033\i Advanced\lang3081  \lang1033 Potion-Making,\i0  he had skimmed through it sufficiently to see that there was barely\lang3081  \lang1033 a page on which the Prince had not made additional notes, not all of them concerned with potion-making. Here and there were direc\-tions for what looked like spells that the Prince had made up himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or herself,\rdblquote  said Hermione irritably, overhearing Harry point\-ing some of these out to Ron in the common room on Saturday evening. \ldblquote It might have been a girl. I think the handwriting looks more like a girl\rquote s than a boy\rquote s.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Half-Blood \i Prince,\i0  he was called,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote How many girls have been Princes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione seemed to have no answer to this. She merely scowled and twitched her essay on \i The Principles of Rematerialization\i0  away from Ron, who was trying to read it upside down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at his watch and hurriedly put the old copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  back into his bag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s five to eight, I\rquote d better go, I\rquote ll be late for Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ooooh!\rdblquote  gasped Hermione, looking up at once. \ldblquote Good luck! We\rquote ll wait up, we want to hear what he teaches you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hope it goes okay,\rdblquote  said Ron, and the pair of them watched Harry leave through the portrait hole.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry proceeded through deserted corridors, though he had to step hastily behind a statue when Professor Trelawney appeared around a corner, muttering to herself as she shuffled a pack of dirty-looking playing cards, reading them as she walked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Two of spades: conflict,\rdblquote  she murmured, as she passed the place where Harry crouched, hidden. \ldblquote Seven of spades: an ill omen. Ten of spades: violence. Knave of spades: a dark young man, possibly troubled, one who dislikes the questioner \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stopped dead, right on the other side of Harry\rquote s statue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that can\rquote t be right,\rdblquote  she said, annoyed, and Harry heard her reshuffling vigorously as she set off again, leaving nothing but a whiff of cooking sherry behind her. Harry waited until he was quite sure she had gone, then hurried off again until he reached the spot in the seventh-floor corridor where a single gargoyle stood against the wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Acid Pops,\rdblquote  said Harry, and the gargoyle leapt aside; the wall behind it slid apart, and a moving spiral stone staircase was re\-vealed, onto which Harry stepped, so that he was carried in smooth circles up to the door with the brass knocker that led to Dumble\-dore\rquote s office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry knocked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come in,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good evening, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry, walking into the headmaster\rquote s office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, good evening, Harry. Sit down,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smil\-ing. \ldblquote I hope you\rquote ve had an enjoyable first week back at school?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, thanks, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You must have been busy, a detention under your belt already!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  began Harry awkwardly, but Dumbledore did not look too stern.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have arranged with Professor Snape that you will do your de\-tention next Saturday instead.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry, who had more pressing matters on his mind than Snape\rquote s detention, and now looked around surreptitiously for some indication of what Dumbledore was planning to do with him this evening. The circular office looked just as it always did; the delicate silver instruments stood on spindle-legged tables, puff\-ing smoke and whirring; portraits of previous headmasters and\lang3081  \lang1033 headmistresses dozed in their frames, and Dumbledore\rquote s magnifi\-cent phoenix, Fawkes, stood on his perch behind the door, watch\-ing Harry with bright interest. It did not even look as though Dumbledore had cleared a space for dueling practice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, in a businesslike voice. \ldblquote You have been wondering, I am sure, what I have planned for you dur\-ing these \emdash  for want of a better word \emdash  lessons?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I have decided that it is time, now that you know what prompted Lord Voldemort to try and kill you fifteen years ago, for you to be given certain information.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You said, at the end of last term, you were going to tell me everything,\rdblquote  said Harry. It was hard to keep a note of accusation from his voice. \ldblquote Sir,\rdblquote  he added.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And so I did,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore placidly. \ldblquote I told you everything I know. From this point forth, we shall be leaving the firm founda\-tion of fact and journeying together through the murky marshes of memory into thickets of wildest guesswork. From here on in, Harry, I may be as woefully wrong as Humphrey Belcher, who be\-lieved the time was ripe for a cheese cauldron.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you think you\rquote re right?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Naturally I do, but as I have already proven to you, I make mis\-takes like the next man. In fact, being \emdash  forgive me \emdash  rather clev\-erer than most men, my mistakes tend to be correspondingly huger.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir,\rdblquote  said Harry tentatively, \ldblquote does what you\rquote re going to tell me have anything to do with the prophecy? Will it help me \'85 survive?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It has a very great deal to do with the prophecy,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore, as casually as if Harry had asked him about the next day\rquote s weather, \ldblquote and I certainly hope that it will help you to survive.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore got to his feet and walked around the desk, past Harry, who turned eagerly in his seat to watch Dumbledore bend\-ing over the cabinet beside the door. When Dumbledore straight\-ened up, he was holding a familiar shallow stone basin etched with odd markings around its rim. He placed the Pensieve on the desk in front of Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You look worried.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had indeed been eyeing the Pensieve with some appre\-hension. His previous experiences with the odd device that stored and revealed thoughts and memories, though highly instructive, had also been uncomfortable. The last time he had disturbed its contents, he had seen much more than he would have wished. But Dumbledore was smiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This time, you enter the Pensieve with me \'85 and, even more unusually, with permission.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are we going, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For a trip down Bob Ogden\rquote s memory lane,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, pulling from his pocket a crystal bottle containing a swirling silvery-white substance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who was Bob Ogden?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was employed by the Department of Magical Law Enforce\-ment,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote He died some time ago, but not before I had tracked him down and persuaded him to confide these recol\-lections to me. We are about to accompany him on a visit he made in the course of his duties. If you will stand, Harry \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Dumbledore was having difficulty pulling out the stopper of the crystal bottle: His injured hand seemed stiff and painful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shall \emdash  shall I, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No matter, Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore pointed his wand at the bottle and the cork flew out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir \emdash  how did you injure your hand?\rdblquote  Harry asked again, look\-ing at the blackened fingers with a mixture of revulsion and pity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now is not the moment for that story, Harry. Not yet. We have an appointment with Bob Ogden.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore tipped the silvery contents of the bottle into the Pensieve, where they swirled and shimmered, neither liquid nor gas.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote After you,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, gesturing toward the bowl.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry bent forward, took a deep breath, and plunged his face into the silvery substance. He felt his feet leave the office floor; he was falling, falling through whirling darkness and then, quite sud\-denly, he was blinking in dazzling sunlight. Before his eyes had adjusted, Dumbledore landed beside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were standing in a country lane bordered by high, tangled hedgerows, beneath a summer sky as bright and blue as a forget-me-not. Some ten feet in front of them stood a short, plump man wearing enormously thick glasses that reduced his eyes to molelike specks. He was reading a wooden signpost that was sticking out of the brambles on the left-hand side of the road. Harry knew this must be Ogden; he was the only person in sight, and he was also wearing the strange assortment of clothes so often chosen by inex\-perienced wizards trying to look like Muggles: in this case, a frock coat and spats over a striped one-piece bathing costume. Before\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry had time to do more than register his bizarre appearance, however, Ogden had set off at a brisk walk down the lane.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore and Harry followed. As they passed the wooden sign, Harry looked up at its two arms. The one pointing back the way they had come read: GREAT HANGLETON, 5 MILES. The arm pointing after Ogden said LITTLE HANGLETON, 1 MILE.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They walked a short way with nothing to see but the hedgerows, the wide blue sky overhead and the swishing, frock-coated figure ahead. Then the lane curved to the left and fell away, sloping steeply down a hillside, so that they had a sudden, unexpected view of a whole valley laid out in front of them. Harry could see a vil\-lage, undoubtedly Little Hangleton, nestled between two steep hills, its church and graveyard clearly visible. Across the valley, set on the opposite hillside, was a handsome manor house surrounded by a wide expanse of velvety green lawn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ogden had broken into a reluctant trot due to the steep down\-ward slope. Dumbledore lengthened his stride, and Harry hurried to keep up. He thought Little Hangleton must be their final desti\-nation and wondered, as he had done on the night they had found Slughorn, why they had to approach it from such a distance. He soon discovered that he was mistaken in thinking that they were going to the village, however. The lane curved to the right and when they rounded the corner, it was to see the very edge of Og\-den\rquote s frock coat vanishing through a gap in the hedge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore and Harry followed him onto a narrow dirt track bordered by higher and wilder hedgerows than those they had left behind. The path was crooked, rocky, and potholed, sloping down\-hill like the last one, and it seemed to be heading for a patch of dark trees a little below them. Sure enough, the track soon opened up\lang3081  \lang1033 at the copse, and Dumbledore and Harry came to a halt behind Ogden, who had stopped and drawn his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Despite the cloudless sky, the old trees ahead cast deep, dark, cool shadows, and it was a few seconds before Harry\rquote s eyes discerned the building half-hidden amongst the tangle of trunks. It seemed to him a very strange location to choose for a house, or else an odd decision to leave the trees growing nearby, blocking all light and the view of the valley below. He wondered whether it was inhabited; its walls were mossy and so many tiles had fallen off the roof that the rafters were visible in places. Nettles grew all around it, their tips reaching the windows, which were tiny and thick with grime. Just as he had concluded that nobody could possibly live there, however, one of the windows was thrown open with a clatter, and a thin trickle of steam or smoke issued from it, as though somebody was cooking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ogden moved forward quietly and, it seemed to Harry, rather cautiously. As the dark shadows of the trees slid over him, he stopped again, staring at the front door, to which somebody had nailed a dead snake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then there was a rustle and a crack, and a man in rags dropped from the nearest tree, landing on his feet right in front of Ogden, who leapt backward so fast he stood on the tails of his frock coat and stumbled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You\rquote re not welcome.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The man standing before them had thick hair so matted with dirt it could have been any color. Several of his teeth were missing. His eyes were small and dark and stared in opposite directions. He might have looked comical, but he did not; the effect was frighten\-ing, and Harry could not blame Ogden for backing away several more paces before he spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  good morning. I\rquote m from the Ministry of Magic \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You\rquote re not welcome.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  I\rquote m sorry \emdash  I don\rquote t understand you,\rdblquote  said Ogden nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought Ogden was being extremely dim; the stranger was making himself very clear in Harry\rquote s opinion, particularly as he was brandishing a wand in one hand and a short and rather bloody knife in the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You understand him, I\rquote m sure, Harry?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, of course,\rdblquote  said Harry, slightly nonplussed. \ldblquote Why can\rquote t Ogden \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But as his eyes found the dead snake on the door again, he sud\-denly understood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s speaking Parseltongue?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very good,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, nodding and smiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The man in rags was now advancing on Ogden, knife in one hand, wand in the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, look \emdash\rdblquote  Ogden began, but too late: There was a bang, and Ogden was on the ground, clutching his nose, while a nasty yellowish goo squirted from between his fingers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Morfin!\rdblquote  said a loud voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An elderly man had come hurrying out of the cottage, banging the door behind him so that the dead snake swung pathetically. This man was shorter than the first, and oddly proportioned; his shoulders were very broad and his arms overlong, which, with his bright brown eyes, short scrubby hair, and wrinkled face, gave him the look of a powerful, aged monkey. He came to a halt beside the man with the knife, who was now cackling with laughter at the sight of Ogden on the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ministry, is it?\rdblquote  said the older man, looking down at Ogden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Correct!\rdblquote  said Ogden angrily, dabbing his face. \ldblquote And you, I take it, are Mr. Gaunt?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote S\rquote right,\rdblquote  said Gaunt. \ldblquote Got you in the face, did he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, he did!\rdblquote  snapped Ogden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Should\rquote ve made your presence known, shouldn\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Gaunt aggressively. \ldblquote This is private property. Can\rquote t just walk in here and not expect my son to defend himself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Defend himself against what, man?\rdblquote  said Ogden, clambering back to his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Busybodies. Intruders. Muggles and filth.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ogden pointed his wand at his own nose, which was still issuing large amounts of what looked like yellow pus, and the flow stopped at once. Mr. Gaunt spoke out of the corner of his mouth to Morfin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Get in the house. Don\rquote t argue.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This time, ready for it, Harry recognized Parseltongue; even while he could understand what was being said, he distinguished the weird hissing noise that was all Ogden could hear. Morfin seemed to be on the point of disagreeing, but when his father cast him a threatening look he changed his mind, lumbering away to the cottage with an odd rolling gait and slamming the front door behind him, so that the snake swung sadly again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s your son I\rquote m here to see, Mr. Gaunt,\rdblquote  said Ogden, as he mopped the last of the pus from the front of his coat. \ldblquote That was Morfin, wasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ar, that was Morfin,\rdblquote  said the old man indifferently. \ldblquote Are you pure-blood?\rdblquote  he asked, suddenly aggressive.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s neither here nor there,\rdblquote  said Ogden coldly, and Harry felt his respect for Ogden rise. Apparently Gaunt felt rather\lang3081  \lang1033 differently. He squinted into Ogden\rquote s face and muttered, in what was clearly supposed to be an offensive tone, \ldblquote Now I come to think about it,\lang3081  \lang1033 I\rquote ve seen noses like yours down in the village.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t doubt it, if your son\rquote s been let loose on them,\rdblquote  said Og\-den. \ldblquote Perhaps we could continue this discussion inside?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Inside?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Mr. Gaunt. I\rquote ve already told you. I\rquote m here about Morfin. We sent an owl \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve no use for owls,\rdblquote  said Gaunt. \ldblquote I don\rquote t open letters.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then you can hardly complain that you get no warning of vis\-itors,\rdblquote  said Ogden tartly. \ldblquote I am here following a serious breach of Wizarding law, which occurred here in the early hours of this morning \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, all right, all right!\rdblquote  bellowed Gaunt. \ldblquote Come in the bleeding house, then, and much good it\rquote ll do you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The house seemed to contain three tiny rooms. Two doors led off the main room, which served as kitchen and living room com\-bined. Morfin was sitting in a filthy armchair beside the smoking fire, twisting a live adder between his thick fingers and crooning softly at it in Parseltongue:\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Hissy, hissy, little snakey,\i0\par
\i Slither on the floor,\i0\par
\i You be good to Morfin\i0\par
\i Or he\rquote ll nail you to the door.\lang3081\par
\i0\par
\lang1033 There was a scuffling noise in the corner beside the open win\-dow, and Harry realized that there was somebody else in the room, a girl whose ragged gray dress was the exact color of the dirty stone\lang3081  \lang1033 wall behind her. She was standing beside a steaming pot on a grimy black stove, and was fiddling around with the shelf of squalid-looking pots and pans above it. Her hair was lank and dull and she had a plain, pale, rather heavy face. Her eyes, like her brother\rquote s, stared in opposite directions. She looked a little cleaner than the two men, but Harry thought he had never seen a more defeated-looking person.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote M\rquote daughter, Merope,\rdblquote  said Gaunt grudgingly, as Ogden looked inquiringly toward her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good morning,\rdblquote  said Ogden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She did not answer, but with a frightened glance at her father turned her back on the room and continued shifting the pots on the shelf behind her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Mr. Gaunt,\rdblquote  said Ogden, \ldblquote to get straight to the point, we have reason to believe that your son, Morfin, performed magic in front of a Muggle late last night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a deafening clang. Merope had dropped one of the pots.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Pick it up\i0 !\rdblquote  Gaunt bellowed at her. \ldblquote That\rquote s it, grub on the floor like some filthy Muggle, what\rquote s your wand for, you useless sack of muck?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Gaunt, please!\rdblquote  said Ogden in a shocked voice, as Merope, who had already picked up the pot, flushed blotchily scarlet, lost her grip on the pot again, drew her wand shakily from her pocket, pointed it at the pot, and muttered a hasty, inaudible spell that caused the pot to shoot across the floor away from her, hit the op\-posite wall, and crack in two.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Morfin let out a mad cackle of laughter. Gaunt screamed, \ldblquote Mend it, you pointless lump, mend it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Merope stumbled across the room, but before she had time to raise her wand, Ogden had lifted his own and said firmly, \ldblquote\i Reparo.\i0\rdblquote  The pot mended itself instantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Gaunt looked for a moment as though he was going to shout at Ogden, but seemed to think better of it: Instead, he jeered at his daughter, \ldblquote Lucky the nice man from the Ministry\rquote s here, isn\rquote t it? Perhaps he\rquote ll take you off my hands, perhaps he doesn\rquote t mind dirty Squibs. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Without looking at anybody or thanking Ogden, Merope picked up the pot and returned it, hands trembling, to its shelf. She then stood quite still, her back against the wall between the filthy window and the stove, as though she wished for nothing more than to sink into the stone and vanish.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Gaunt,\rdblquote  Ogden began again, \ldblquote as I\rquote ve said: the reason for my visit \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I heard you the first time!\rdblquote  snapped Gaunt. \ldblquote And so what? Morfin gave a Muggle a bit of what was coming to him \emdash  what about it, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Morfin has broken Wizarding law,\rdblquote  said Ogden sternly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Morfin has broken Wizarding law.\rquote  \rdblquote  Gaunt imitated Ogden\rquote s voice, making it pompous and singsong. Morfin cackled again. \ldblquote He taught a filthy Muggle a lesson, that\rquote s illegal now, is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Ogden. \ldblquote I\rquote m afraid it is.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled from an inside pocket a small scroll of parchment and unrolled it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that, then, his sentence?\rdblquote  said Gaunt, his voice rising angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is a summons to the Ministry for a hearing \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Summons! \i Summons\i0 ? Who do you think you are, summoning my son anywhere?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m Head of the Magical Law Enforcement Squad,\rdblquote  said Ogden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you think we\rquote re scum, do you?\rdblquote  screamed Gaunt, advanc\-ing on Ogden now, with a dirty yellow-nailed finger pointing at his chest. \ldblquote Scum who\rquote ll come running when the Ministry tells \rquote em to? Do you know who you\rquote re talking to, you filthy little Mudblood, do you?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was under the impression that I was speaking to Mr. Gaunt,\rdblquote  said Ogden, looking wary, but standing his ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right!\rdblquote  roared Gaunt. For a moment, Harry thought Gaunt was making an obscene hand gesture, but then realized that he was showing Ogden the ugly, black-stoned ring he was wearing on his middle finger, waving it before Ogden\rquote s eyes. \ldblquote See this? See this? Know what it is? Know where it came from? Centuries it\rquote s been in our family, that\rquote s how far back we go, and pure-blood all the way! Know how much I\rquote ve been offered for this, with the Peverell coat of arms engraved on the stone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve really no idea,\rdblquote  said Ogden, blinking as the ring sailed within an inch of his nose, \ldblquote and it\rquote s quite beside the point, Mr. Gaunt. Your son has committed \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a howl of rage, Gaunt ran toward his daughter. For a split second, Harry thought he was going to throttle her as his hand flew to her throat; next moment, he was dragging her toward Ogden by a gold chain around her neck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See this?\rdblquote  he bellowed at Ogden, shaking a heavy gold locket at him, while Merope spluttered and gasped for breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see it, I see it!\rdblquote  said Ogden hastily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Slytherin\rquote s\i0 !\rdblquote  yelled Gaunt. \ldblquote Salazar Slytherin\rquote s! We\rquote re his last liv\-ing descendants, what do you say to that, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Gaunt, your daughter!\rdblquote  said Ogden in alarm, but Gaunt had already released Merope; she staggered away from him, back to her corner, massaging her neck and gulping for air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So!\rdblquote  said Gaunt triumphantly, as though he had just proved a complicated point beyond all possible dispute. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you go talk\-ing to us as if we\rquote re dirt on your shoes! Generations of purebloods, wizards all \emdash  more than \i you\i0  can say, I don\rquote t doubt!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he spat on the floor at Ogden\rquote s feet. Morfin cackled again. Merope, huddled beside the window, her head bowed and her face hidden by her lank hair, said nothing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Gaunt,\rdblquote  said Ogden doggedly, \ldblquote I am afraid that neither your ancestors nor mine have anything to do with the matter in hand. I am here because of Morfin, Morfin and the Muggle he ac\-costed late last night. Our information\rdblquote  \emdash  he glanced down at his scroll of parchment \emdash  \ldblquote is that Morfin performed a jinx or hex on the said Muggle, causing him to erupt in highly painful hives.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Morfin giggled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Be quiet, boy,\i0\rdblquote  snarled Gaunt in Parseltongue, and Morfin fell silent again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And so what if he did, then?\rdblquote  Gaunt said defiantly to Ogden. \ldblquote I expect you\rquote ve wiped the Muggle\rquote s filthy face clean for him, and his memory to boot \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s hardly the point, is it, Mr. Gaunt?\rdblquote  said Ogden. \ldblquote This was an unprovoked attack on a defenseless \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ar, I had you marked out as a Muggle-lover the moment I saw you,\rdblquote  sneered Gaunt, and he spat on the floor again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This discussion is getting us nowhere,\rdblquote  said Ogden firmly. \ldblquote It is\lang3081  \lang1033 clear from your son\rquote s attitude that he feels no remorse for his ac\-tions.\rdblquote  He glanced down at his scroll of parchment again. \ldblquote Morfin will attend a hearing on the fourteenth of September to answer the charges of using magic in front of a Muggle and causing harm and distress to that same Mugg \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ogden broke off. The jingling, clopping sounds of horses and loud, laughing voices were drifting in through the open window. Apparently the winding lane to the village passed very close to the copse where the house stood. Gaunt froze, listening, his eyes wide. Morfin hissed and turned his face toward the sounds, his expres\-sion hungry. Merope raised her head. Her face, Harry saw, was starkly white.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My God, what an eyesore!\rdblquote  rang out a girl\rquote s voice, as clearly au\-dible through the open window as if she had stood in the room be\-side them. \ldblquote Couldn\rquote t your father have that hovel cleared away, Tom?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not ours,\rdblquote  said a young man\rquote s voice. \ldblquote Everything on the other side of the valley belongs to us, but that cottage belongs to an old tramp called Gaunt, and his children. The son\rquote s quite mad, you should hear some of the stories they tell in the village \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The girl laughed. The jingling, clopping noises were growing louder and louder. Morfin made to get out of his armchair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Keep your seat,\i0\rdblquote  said his father warningly, in Parseltongue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tom,\rdblquote  said the girl\rquote s voice again, now so close they were clearly right beside the house, \ldblquote I might be wrong \emdash  but has somebody nailed a snake to that door?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good lord, you\rquote re right!\rdblquote  said the man\rquote s voice. \ldblquote That\rquote ll be the son, I told you he\rquote s not right in the head. Don\rquote t look at it, Cecilia, darling.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The jingling and clopping sounds were now growing fainter again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Darling,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote  whispered Morfin in Parseltongue, looking at his sister. \ldblquote  \lquote\i Darling,\i0\rquote\i  he called her. So he wouldn\rquote t have you anyway.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Merope was so white Harry felt sure she was going to faint.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\rquote s that\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Gaunt sharply, also in Parseltongue, looking from his son to his daughter. \ldblquote\i What did you say, Morfin\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i She likes looking at that Muggle,\i0\rdblquote  said Morfin, a vicious expres\-sion on his face as he stared at his sister, who now looked terrified. \ldblquote\i Always in the garden when he passes, peering through the hedge at him, isn\rquote t she? And last night\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Merope shook her head jerkily, imploringly, but Morfin went on ruthlessly, \ldblquote\i Hanging out of the window waiting for him to ride home, wasn\rquote t she\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hanging out of the window to look at a Muggle\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Gaunt quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All three of the Gaunts seemed to have forgotten Ogden, who was looking both bewildered and irritated at this renewed outbreak of incomprehensible hissing and rasping.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Is it true\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Gaunt in a deadly voice, advancing a step or two toward the terrified girl. \ldblquote\i My daughter\lang3081  \lang1033\i0\emdash\lang3081  \lang1033\i pure-blooded descendant of\lang3081  \lang1033 Salazar Slytherin \i0\emdash  \i hankering after a filthy, dirt-veined Muggle\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Merope shook her head frantically, pressing herself into the wall, apparently unable to speak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i But I got him, Father\i0 !\rdblquote  cackled Morfin. \ldblquote\i I got him as he went by and he didn\rquote t look so pretty with hives all over him, did he, Merope\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You disgusting little Squib, you filthy little blood traitor\i0 !\rdblquote  roared Gaunt, losing control, and his hands closed around his daughter\rquote s throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Both Harry and Ogden yelled \ldblquote No!\rdblquote  at the same time; Ogden raised his wand and cried, \ldblquote\i Relashio\i0 !\rdblquote  Gaunt was thrown backward, away from his daughter; he tripped over a chair and fell flat on his back. With a roar of rage, Morfin leapt out of his chair and ran at Ogden, brandishing his bloody knife and firing hexes indiscrimi\-nately from his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ogden ran for his life. Dumbledore indicated that they ought to follow and Harry obeyed, Merope\rquote s screams echoing in his ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ogden hurtled up the path and erupted onto the main lane, his arms over his head, where he collided with the glossy chestnut horse ridden by a very handsome, dark-haired young man. Both he and the pretty girl riding beside him on a gray horse roared with laughter at the sight of Ogden, who bounced off the horse\rquote s flank and set off again, his frock coat flying, covered from head to foot in dust, running pell-mell up the lane.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think that will do, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. He took Harry by the elbow and tugged. Next moment, they were both soaring weightlessly through darkness, until they landed squarely on their feet, back in Dumbledore\rquote s now twilit office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened to the girl in the cottage?\rdblquote  said Harry at once, as Dumbledore lit extra lamps with a flick of his wand. \ldblquote Merope, or whatever her name was?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, she survived,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, reseating himself behind his desk and indicating that Harry should sit down too. \ldblquote Ogden Apparated back to the Ministry and returned with reinforcements within fifteen minutes. Morfin and his father attempted to fight, but both were overpowered, removed from the cottage, and subse\-quently convicted by the Wizengamot. Morfin, who already had a record of Muggle attacks, was sentenced to three years in Azkaban.\lang3081  \lang1033 Marvolo, who had injured several Ministry employees in addition to Ogden, received six months.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Marvolo?\rdblquote  Harry repeated wonderingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling in approval. \ldblquote I am glad to see you\rquote re keeping up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That old man was \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort\rquote s grandfather, yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Marvolo, his son, Morfin, and his daughter, Merope, were the last of the Gaunts, a very ancient Wizarding family noted for a vein of insta\-bility and violence that flourished through the generations due to their habit of marrying their own cousins. Lack of sense coupled with a great liking for grandeur meant that the family gold was squandered several generations before Marvolo was born. He, as you saw, was left in squalor and poverty, with a very nasty temper, a fantastic amount of arrogance and pride, and a couple of family heirlooms that he treasured just as much as his son, and rather more than his daughter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So Merope,\rdblquote  said Harry, leaning forward in his chair and star\-ing at Dumbledore, \ldblquote so Merope was \'85 Sir, does that mean she was \'85 \i Voldemort\rquote s mother\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It does,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote And it so happens that we also had a glimpse of Voldemort\rquote s father. I wonder whether you noticed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Muggle Morfin attacked? The man on the horse?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very good indeed,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, beaming. \ldblquote Yes, that was Tom Riddle senior, the handsome Muggle who used to go riding past the Gaunt cottage and for whom Merope Gaunt cherished a secret, burning passion.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And they ended up married?\rdblquote  Harry said in disbelief, unable to imagine two people less likely to fall in love.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think you are forgetting,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote that Merope was a witch. I do not believe that her magical powers appeared to their best advantage when she was being terrorized by her father. Once Marvolo and Morfin were safely in Azkaban, once she was alone and free for the first time in her life, then, I am sure, she was able to give full rein to her abilities and to plot her escape from the desperate life she had led for eighteen years.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you not think of any measure Merope could have taken to make Tom Riddle forget his Muggle companion, and fall in love with her instead?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Imperius Curse?\rdblquote  Harry suggested. \ldblquote Or a love potion?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very good. Personally, I am inclined to think that she used a love potion. I am sure it would have seemed more romantic to her, and I do not think it would have been very difficult, some hot day, when Riddle was riding alone, to persuade him to take a drink of water. In any case, within a few months of the scene we have just witnessed, the village of Little Hangleton enjoyed a tremendous scandal. You can imagine the gossip it caused when the squire\rquote s son ran off with the tramp\rquote s daughter, Merope.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But the villagers\rquote  shock was nothing to Marvolo\rquote s. He returned from Azkaban, expecting to find his daughter dutifully awaiting his return with a hot meal ready on his table. Instead, he found a clear inch of dust and her note of farewell, explaining what she had done.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote From all that I have been able to discover, he never mentioned her name or existence from that time forth. The shock of her de\-sertion may have contributed to his early death \emdash  or perhaps he had simply never learned to feed himself. Azkaban had greatly weakened Marvolo, and he did not live to see Morfin return to the cottage.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Merope? She \'85 she died, didn\rquote t she? Wasn\rquote t Voldemort brought up in an orphanage?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, indeed,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote We must do a certain amount of guessing here, although I do not think it is difficult to deduce what happened. You see, within a few months of their runaway marriage, Tom Riddle reappeared at the manor house in Little Hangleton without his wife. The rumor flew around the neighbor\-hood that he was talking of being \lquote hoodwinked\rquote  and \lquote taken in.\rquote  What he meant, I am sure, is that he had been under an enchant\-ment that had now lifted, though I daresay he did not dare use those precise words for fear of being thought insane. When they heard what he was saying, however, the villagers guessed that Merope had lied to Tom Riddle, pretending that she was going to have his baby, and that he had married her for this reason.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But she \i did\i0  have his baby.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But not until a year after they were married. Tom Riddle left her while she was still pregnant.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What went wrong?\rdblquote  asked Harry. \ldblquote Why did the love potion stop working?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Again, this is guesswork,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote but I believe that Merope, who was deeply in love with her husband, could not bear to continue enslaving him by magical means. I believe that she made the choice to stop giving him the potion. Perhaps, besotted as she was, she had convinced herself that he would by now have fallen in love with her in return. Perhaps she thought he would stay for the baby\rquote s sake. If so, she was wrong on both counts. He left her, never saw her again, and never troubled to discover what became of his son.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sky outside was inky black and the lamps in Dumbledore\rquote s office seemed to glow more brightly than before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think that will do for tonight, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore after a moment or two.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He got to his feet, but did not leave.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir \'85 is it important to know all this about Voldemort\rquote s past?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very important, I think,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 it\rquote s got something to do with the prophecy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It has everything to do with the prophecy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry, a little confused, but reassured all the same.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned to go, then another question occurred to him, and he turned back again. \ldblquote Sir, am I allowed to tell Ron and Hermione everything you\rquote ve told me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore considered him for a moment, then said, \ldblquote Yes, I think Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger have proved themselves trust\-worthy. But Harry, I am going to ask you to ask them not to repeat any of this to anybody else. It would not be a good idea if word got around how much I know, or suspect, about Lord Voldemort\rquote s secrets.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, sir, I\rquote ll make sure it\rquote s just Ron and Hermione. Good night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned away again, and was almost at the door when he saw it. Sitting on one of the little spindle-legged tables that supported so many frail-looking silver instruments, was an ugly gold ring set with a large, cracked, black stone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir,\rdblquote  said Harry, staring at it. \ldblquote That ring \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were wearing it when we visited Professor Slughorn that night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So I was,\rdblquote  Dumbledore agreed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But isn\rquote t it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 sir, isn\rquote t it the same ring Marvolo Gaunt showed Ogden?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore bowed his head. \ldblquote The very same.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how come \emdash  ? Have you always had it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I acquired it very recently,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote A few days before I came to fetch you from your aunt and uncle\rquote s, in fact.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That would be around the time you injured your hand, then, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Around that time, yes, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hesitated. Dumbledore was smiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir, how exactly \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Too late, Harry! You shall hear the story another time. Good night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good night, sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 11\par
\pard\qc Hermione\rquote s Helping Hand\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
As Hermione had predicted, the sixth years\rquote  free periods were not the hours of blissful relaxation Ron had antici\-pated, but times in which to attempt to keep up with the vast amount of homework they were being set. Not only were they studying as though they had exams every day, but the lessons them\-selves had become more demanding than ever before. Harry barely understood half of what Professor McGonagall said to them these days; even Hermione had had to ask her to repeat instructions once or twice. Incredibly, and to Hermione\rquote s increasing resentment, Harry\rquote s best subject had suddenly become Potions, thanks to the Half-Blood Prince.\par
Nonverbal spells were now expected, not only in Defense Against the Dark Arts, but in Charms and Transfiguration too. Harry frequently looked over at his classmates in the common room or at mealtimes to see them purple in the face and straining as though they had overdosed on U-No-Poo; but he knew that they\lang3081  \lang1033 were really struggling to make spells work without saying incanta\-tions aloud. It was a relief to get outside into the greenhouses; they were dealing with more dangerous plants than ever in Herbology, but at least they were still allowed to swear loudly if the Venomous Tentacula seized them unexpectedly from behind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One result of their enormous workload and the frantic hours of practicing nonverbal spells was that Harry, Ron, and Hermione had so far been unable to find time to go and visit Hagrid. He had stopped coming to meals at the staff table, an ominous sign, and on the few occasions when they had passed him in the corridors or out in the grounds, he had mysteriously failed to notice them or hear their greetings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve got to go and explain,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking up at Hagrid\rquote s huge empty chair at the staff table the following Saturday at breakfast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve got Quidditch tryouts this morning!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote\i And \i0 we\rquote re supposed to be practicing that Aguamenti Charm from Flitwick! Anyway, explain what? How are we going to tell him we hated his stupid subject?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We didn\rquote t hate it!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Speak for yourself, I haven\rquote t forgotten the skrewts,\rdblquote  said Ron darkly. \ldblquote And I\rquote m telling you now, we\rquote ve had a narrow escape. You didn\rquote t hear him going on about his gormless brother \emdash  we\rquote d have been teaching Grawp how to tie his shoelaces if we\rquote d stayed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hate not talking to Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking upset.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll go down after Quidditch,\rdblquote  Harry assured her. He too was missing Hagrid, although like Ron he thought that they were bet\-ter off without Grawp in their lives. \ldblquote But trials might take all morning, the number of people who have applied.\rdblquote  He felt slightly\lang3081  \lang1033 nervous at confronting the first hurdle of his Captaincy. \ldblquote I dunno why the team\rquote s this popular all of a sudden.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, come on, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, suddenly impatient. \ldblquote It\rquote s not \i Quidditch\i0  that\rquote s popular, it\rquote s you! You\rquote ve never been more in\-teresting, and frankly, you\rquote ve never been more fanciable.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron gagged on a large piece of kipper. Hermione spared him one look of disdain before turning back to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everyone knows you\rquote ve been telling the truth now, don\rquote t they? The whole Wizarding world has had to admit that you were right about Voldemort being back and that you really have fought him twice in the last two years and escaped both times. And now they\rquote re calling you \lquote the Chosen One\rquote  \emdash  well, come on, can\rquote t you see why people are fascinated by you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was finding the Great Hall very hot all of a sudden, even though the ceiling still looked cold and rainy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i And \i0 you\rquote ve been through all that persecution from the Ministry when they were trying to make out you were unstable and a liar. You can still see the marks on the back of your hand where that evil woman made you write with your own blood, but you stuck to your story anyway. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can still see where those brains got hold of me in the Min\-istry, look,\rdblquote  said Ron, shaking back his sleeves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And it doesn\rquote t hurt that you\rquote ve grown about a foot over the summer either,\rdblquote  Hermione finished, ignoring Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m tall,\rdblquote  said Ron inconsequentially.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The post owls arrived, swooping down through rain-flecked windows, scattering everyone with droplets of water. Most people were receiving more post than usual; anxious parents were keen to hear from their children and to reassure them, in turn, that all was\lang3081  \lang1033 well at home. Harry had received no mail since the start of term; his only regular correspondent was now dead and although he had hoped that Lupin might write occasionally, he had so far been dis\-appointed. He was very surprised, therefore, to see the snowy white Hedwig circling amongst all the brown and gray owls. She landed in front of him carrying a large, square package. A moment later, an identical package landed in front of Ron, crushing beneath it his minuscule and exhausted owl, Pigwidgeon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ha!\rdblquote  said Harry, unwrapping the parcel to reveal a new copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making,\i0  fresh from Flourish and Blotts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh good,\rdblquote  said Hermione, delighted. \ldblquote Now you can give that graffitied copy back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you mad?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote m keeping it! Look, I\rquote ve thought it out \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled the old copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  out of his bag and tapped the cover with his wand, muttering, \ldblquote\i Diffindo\i0 !\rdblquote  The cover fell off. He did the same thing with the brand-new book (Hermione looked scandalized). He then swapped the covers, tapped each, and said, \ldblquote\i Reparo\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There sat the Prince\rquote s copy, disguised as a new book, and there sat the fresh copy from Flourish and Blotts, looking thoroughly secondhand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll give Slughorn back the new one, he can\rquote t complain, it cost nine Galleons.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione pressed her lips together, looking angry and disap\-proving, but was distracted by a third owl landing in front of her carrying that day\rquote s copy of the \i Daily Prophet.\i0  She unfolded it hastily and scanned the front page.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyone we know dead?\rdblquote  asked Ron in a determinedly casual voice; he posed the same question every time Hermione opened her paper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, but there have been more dementor attacks,\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one. \ldblquote And an arrest.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent, who?\rdblquote  said Harry, thinking of Bellatrix Lestrange.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stan Shunpike,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry, startled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Stanley Shunpike, conductor on the popular Wizarding con\-veyance the Knight Bus, has been arrested on suspicion of Death Eater activity. Mr. Shunpike, 21, was taken into custody late last night after a raid on his Clapham home\lang3081  \lang1033\i0\'85\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stan Shunpike, a Death Eater?\rdblquote  said Harry, remembering the spotty youth he had first met three years before. \ldblquote No way!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He might have been put under the Imperius Curse,\rdblquote  said Ron reasonably. \ldblquote You never can tell.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t look like it,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who was still reading. \ldblquote It says here he was arrested after he was overheard talking about the Death Eaters\rquote  secret plans in a pub.\rdblquote  She looked up with a troubled expression on her face. \ldblquote If he was under the Imperius Curse, he\rquote d hardly stand around gossiping about their plans, would he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It sounds like he was trying to make out he knew more than he did,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t he the one who claimed he was going to be\-come Minister of Magic when he was trying to chat up those veela?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote s him,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I dunno what they\rquote re playing at, taking Stan seriously.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They probably want to look as though they\rquote re doing some\-thing,\rdblquote  said Hermione, frowning. \ldblquote People are terrified \emdash  you know\lang3081  \lang1033 the Patil twins\rquote  parents want them to go home? And Eloise Midgen has already been withdrawn. Her father picked her up last night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What!\rdblquote  said Ron, goggling at Hermione. \ldblquote But Hogwarts is safer than their homes, bound to be! We\rquote ve got Aurors, and all those extra protective spells, and we\rquote ve got Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think we\rquote ve got him all the time,\rdblquote  said Hermione very quietly, glancing toward the staff table over the top of the \i Prophet.\i0  \ldblquote Haven\rquote t you noticed? His seat\rquote s been empty as often as Hagrid\rquote s this past week.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron looked up at the staff table. The headmaster\rquote s chair was indeed empty. Now Harry came to think of it, he had not seen Dumbledore since their private lesson a week ago.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think he\rquote s left the school to do something with the Order,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a low voice. \ldblquote I mean \'85 it\rquote s all looking serious, isn\rquote t it?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron did not answer, but Harry knew that they were all thinking the same thing. There had been a horrible incident the day before, when Hannah Abbott had been taken out of Herbol\-ogy to be told her mother had been found dead. They had not seen Hannah since.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When they left the Gryffindor table five minutes later to head down to the Quidditch pitch, they passed Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil. Remembering what Hermione had said about the Patil twins\rquote  parents wanting them to leave Hogwarts, Harry was unsurprised to see that the two best friends were whispering to\-gether, looking distressed. What did surprise him was that when Ron drew level with them, Parvati suddenly nudged Lavender, who looked around and gave Ron a wide smile. Ron blinked at her, then returned the smile uncertainly. His walk instantly became some\-thing more like a strut. Harry resisted the temptation to laugh, re\-membering that Ron had refrained from doing so after Malfoy had broken Harry\rquote s nose; Hermione, however, looked cold and distant all the way down to the stadium through the cool, misty drizzle, and departed to find a place in the stands without wishing Ron good luck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry had expected, the trials took most of the morning. Half of Gryffindor House seemed to have turned up, from first years who were nervously clutching a selection of the dreadful old school brooms, to seventh years who towered over the rest, looking coolly intimidating. The latter included a large, wiry-haired boy Harry recognized immediately from the Hogwarts Express.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We met on the train, in old Sluggy\rquote s compartment,\rdblquote  he said confidently, stepping out of the crowd to shake Harry\rquote s hand. \ldblquote Cormac McLaggen, Keeper.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t try out last year, did you?\rdblquote  asked Harry, taking note of the breadth of McLaggen and thinking that he would probably block all three goal hoops without even moving.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was in the hospital wing when they held the trials,\rdblquote  said McLaggen, with something of a swagger. \ldblquote Ate a pound of doxy eggs for a bet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Well \'85 if you wait over there \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pointed over to the edge of the pitch, close to where Hermi\-one was sitting. He thought he saw a flicker of annoyance pass over McLaggen\rquote s face and wondered whether McLaggen expected pref\-erential treatment because they were both \ldblquote old Sluggy\rquote s\rdblquote  favorites.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry decided to start with a basic test, asking all applicants for the team to divide into groups of\lang3081  \lang1033 ten and fly once around the pitch. This was a good decision: The first ten was made up of first years\lang3081  \lang1033 and it could not have been plainer that they had hardly ever flown before. Only one boy managed to remain airborne for more than a few seconds, and he was so surprised he promptly crashed into one of the goal posts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The second group was comprised of\lang3081  \lang1033 ten of the silliest girls Harry had ever encountered, who, when he blew his whistle, merely fell about giggling and clutching one another. Romilda Vane was amongst them. When he told them to leave the pitch, they did so quite cheerfully and went to sit in the stands to heckle everyone else.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The third group had a pileup halfway around the pitch. Most of the fourth group had come without broomsticks. The fifth group were Hufflepuffs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If there\rquote s anyone else here who\rquote s not from Gryffindor,\rdblquote  roared Harry, who was starting to get seriously annoyed, \ldblquote leave now, please!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause, then a couple of little Ravenclaws went sprinting off the pitch, snorting with laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After two hours, many complaints, and several tantrums, one in\-volving a crashed Comet Two Sixty and several broken teeth, Harry had found himself three Chasers: Katie Bell, returned to the team after an excellent trial; a new find called Demelza Robins, who was particularly good at dodging Bludgers; and Ginny Weasley, who had outflown all the competition and scored seventeen goals to boot. Pleased though he was with his choices, Harry had also shouted himself hoarse at the many complainers and was now en\-during a similar battle with the rejected Beaters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s my final decision and if you don\rquote t get out of the way for the Keepers I\rquote ll hex you,\rdblquote  he bellowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neither of his chosen Beaters had the old brilliance of Fred and George, but he was still reasonably pleased with them: Jimmy Peakes, a short but broad-chested third-year boy who had managed to raise a lump the size of an egg on the back of Harry\rquote s head with a ferociously hit Bludger, and Ritchie Coote, who looked weedy but aimed well. They now joined Katie, Demelza, and Ginny in the stands to watch the selection of their last team member.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had deliberately left the trial of the Keepers until last, hoping for an emptier stadium and less pressure on all concerned. Unfortunately, however, all the rejected players and a number of people who had come down to watch after a lengthy breakfast had joined the crowd by now, so that it was larger than ever. As each Keeper flew up to the goal hoops, the crowd roared and jeered in equal measure. Harry glanced over at Ron, who had always had a problem with nerves; Harry had hoped that winning their final match last term might have cured it, but apparently not: Ron was a delicate shade of green.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 None of the first five applicants saved more than two goals apiece. To Harry\rquote s great disappointment, Cormac McLaggen saved four penalties out of five. On the last one, however, he shot off in completely the wrong direction; the crowd laughed and booed and McLaggen returned to the ground grinding his teeth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked ready to pass out as he mounted his Cleansweep Eleven. \ldblquote Good luck!\rdblquote  cried a voice from the stands. Harry looked around, expecting to see Hermione, but it was Lavender Brown. He would have quite liked to have hidden his face in his hands, as she did a moment later, but thought that as the Captain he ought to show slightly more grit, and so turned to watch Ron do his trial.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yet he need not have worried: Ron saved one, two, three, four,\lang3081  \lang1033 five penalties in a row. Delighted, and resisting joining in the cheers of the crowd with difficulty, Harry turned to McLaggen to tell him that, most unfortunately, Ron had beaten him, only to find McLaggen\rquote s red face inches from his own. He stepped back hastily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His sister didn\rquote t really try,\rdblquote  said McLaggen menacingly. There was a vein pulsing in his temple like the one Harry had often ad\-mired in Uncle Vernon\rquote s. \ldblquote She gave him an easy save.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Rubbish,\rdblquote  said Harry coldly. \ldblquote That was the one he nearly missed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 McLaggen took a step nearer Harry, who stood his ground this time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give me another go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You\rquote ve had your go. You saved four. Ron saved five. Ron\rquote s Keeper, he won it fair and square. Get out of my way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He thought for a moment that McLaggen might punch him, but he contented himself with an ugly grimace and stormed away, growling what sounded like threats to thin air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned around to find his new team beaming at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well done,\rdblquote  he croaked. \ldblquote You flew really well \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You did brilliantly, Ron!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This time it really was Hermione running toward them from the stands; Harry saw Lavender walking off the pitch, arm in arm with Parvati, a rather grumpy expression on her face. Ron looked extremely pleased with himself and even taller than usual as he grinned at the team and at Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After fixing the time of their first full practice for the following Thursday, Harry, Ron, and Hermione bade good-bye to the rest of\lang3081  \lang1033 the team and headed off toward Hagrid\rquote s. A watery sun was trying to break through the clouds now and it had stopped drizzling at last. Harry felt extremely hungry; he hoped there would be some\-thing to eat at Hagrid\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought I was going to miss that fourth penalty,\rdblquote  Ron was say\-ing happily. \ldblquote Tricky shot from Demelza, did you see, had a bit of spin on it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, yes, you were magnificent,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking amused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was better than that McLaggen anyway,\rdblquote  said Ron in a highly satisfied voice. \ldblquote Did you see him lumbering off in the wrong direc\-tion on his fifth? Looked like he\rquote d been Confunded. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To Harry\rquote s surprise, Hermione turned a very deep shade of pink at these words. Ron noticed nothing; he was too busy describing each of his other penalties in loving detail.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The great gray hippogriff, Buckbeak, was tethered in front of Hagrid\rquote s cabin. He clicked his razor-sharp beak at their approach and turned his huge head toward them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh dear,\rdblquote  said Hermione nervously. \ldblquote He\rquote s still a bit scary, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come off it, you\rquote ve ridden him, haven\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stepped forward and bowed low to the hippogriff without breaking eye contact or blinking. After a few seconds, Buckbeak sank into a bow too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are you?\rdblquote  Harry asked him in a low voice, moving for\-ward to stroke the feathery head. \ldblquote Missing him? But you\rquote re okay here with Hagrid, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oi!\rdblquote  said a loud voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid had come striding around the corner of his cabin wearing a large flowery apron and carrying a sack of potatoes. His\lang3081  \lang1033 enormous boarhound, Fang, was at his heels; Fang gave a booming bark and bounded forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Git away from him! He\rquote ll have yer fingers \emdash  oh. It\rquote s yeh lot.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fang was jumping up at Hermione and Ron, attempting to lick their ears. Hagrid stood and looked at them all for a split second, then turned and strode into his cabin, slamming the door behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh dear!\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking stricken.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry about it,\rdblquote  said Harry grimly. He walked over to the door and knocked loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid! Open up, we want to talk to you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no sound from within.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you don\rquote t open the door, we\rquote ll blast it open!\rdblquote  Harry said, pulling out his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione, sounding shocked. \ldblquote You can\rquote t pos\-sibly \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I can!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Stand back \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But before he could say anything else, the door flew open again as Harry had known it would, and there stood Hagrid, glowering down at him and looking, despite the flowery apron, positively alarming.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m a teacher!\rdblquote  he roared at Harry. \ldblquote A teacher, Potter! How dare yeh threaten ter break down my door!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, \i sir,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry, emphasizing the last word as he stowed his wand inside his robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid looked stunned. \ldblquote Since when have yeh called me \lquote sir\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Since when have you called me \lquote Potter\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, very clever,\rdblquote  growled Hagrid. \ldblquote Very amusin\rquote . That\rquote s me outsmarted, innit? All righ\rquote , come in then, yeh ungrateful little \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mumbling darkly, he stood back to let them pass. Hermione scurried in after Harry, looking rather frightened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  said Hagrid grumpily, as Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down around his enormous wooden table, Fang laying his head im\-mediately upon Harry\rquote s knee and drooling all over his robes. \ldblquote What\rquote s this? Feelin\rquote  sorry for me? Reckon I\rquote m lonely or summat?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry at once. \ldblquote We wanted to see you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve missed you!\rdblquote  said Hermione tremulously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Missed me, have yeh?\rdblquote  snorted Hagrid. \ldblquote Yeah. Righ\rquote .\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stomped around, brewing up tea in his enormous copper kettle, muttering all the while. Finally he slammed down three bucket-sized mugs of mahogany-brown tea in front of them and a plate of his rock cakes. Harry was hungry enough even for Hagrid\rquote s cooking, and took one at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Hermione timidly, when he joined them at the table and started peeling his potatoes with a brutality that sug\-gested that each tuber had done him a great personal wrong, \ldblquote we re\-ally wanted to carry on with Care of Magical Creatures, you know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid gave another great snort. Harry rather thought some bo\-geys landed on the potatoes, and was inwardly thankful that they were not staying for dinner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We did!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote But none of us could fit it into our schedules!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah. Righ\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a funny squelching sound and they all looked around: Hermione let out a tiny shriek, and Ron leapt out of his seat and hurried around the table away from the large barrel standing in the corner that they had only just noticed. It was full of what looked like foot-long maggots, slimy, white, and writhing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are they, Hagrid?\rdblquote  asked Harry, trying to sound inter\-ested rather than revolted, but putting down his rock cake all the same.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Jus\rquote  giant grubs,\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And they grow into \'85 ?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking apprehensive.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They won\rquote  grow inter nuthin\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote I got \rquote em ter feed ter Aragog.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And without warning, he burst into tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid!\rdblquote  cried Hermione, leaping up, hurrying around the table the long way to avoid the barrel of maggots, and putting an arm around his shaking shoulders. \ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s \'85 him \'85\rdblquote  gulped Hagrid, his beetle-black eyes stream\-ing as he mopped his face with his apron. \ldblquote It\rquote s \'85 Aragog. \'85 I think he\rquote s dyin\rquote . \'85 He got ill over the summer an\rquote  he\rquote s not gettin\rquote  better. \'85 I don\rquote  know what I\rquote ll do if he \'85 if he \'85 We\rquote ve bin tergether so long. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione patted Hagrid\rquote s shoulder, looking at a complete loss for anything to say. Harry knew how she felt. He had known Ha\-grid to present a vicious baby dragon with a teddy bear, seen him croon over giant scorpions with suckers and stingers, attempt to reason with his brutal giant of a half-brother, but this was perhaps the most incomprehensible of all his monster fancies: the gigantic talking spider, Aragog, who dwelled deep in the Forbidden Forest and which he and Ron had only narrowly escaped four years previously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is there \emdash  is there anything we can do?\rdblquote  Hermione asked, ig\-noring Ron\rquote s frantic grimaces and head-shakings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote  think there is, Hermione,\rdblquote  choked Hagrid, attempting\lang3081  \lang1033 to stem the flood of his tears. \ldblquote See, the rest o\rquote  the tribe \'85 Aragog\rquote s family \'85 they\rquote re gettin\rquote  a bit funny now he\rquote s ill\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 bit restive \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I think we saw a bit of that side of them,\rdblquote  said Ron in an undertone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 I don\rquote  reckon it\rquote d be safe fer anyone but me ter go near the colony at the mo\rquote ,\rdblquote  Hagrid finished, blowing his nose hard on his apron and looking up. \ldblquote But thanks fer offerin\rquote , Hermione. \'85 It means a lot. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After that, the atmosphere lightened considerably, for although neither Harry nor Ron had shown any inclination to go and feed giant grubs to a murderous, gargantuan spider, Hagrid seemed to take it for granted that they would have liked to have done and be\-came his usual self once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ar, I always knew yeh\rquote d find it hard ter squeeze me inter yer timetables,\rdblquote  he said gruffly, pouring them more tea. \ldblquote Even if yeh applied fer Time-Turners \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We couldn\rquote t have done,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote We smashed the en\-tire stock of Ministry Time-Turners when we were there last sum\-mer. It was in the \i Daily Prophet.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ar, well then,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote There\rquote s no way yeh could\rquote ve done it. \'85 I\rquote m sorry I\rquote ve bin \emdash  yeh know \emdash  I\rquote ve jus\rquote  bin worried abou\rquote  Aragog \'85 an\rquote  I did wonder whether, if Professor Grubbly-Plank had bin teachin\rquote  yeh \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At which all three of them stated categorically and untruthfully that Professor Grubbly-Plank, who had substituted for Hagrid a few times, was a dreadful teacher, with the result that by the time Hagrid waved them off the premises at dusk, he looked quite cheerful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m starving,\rdblquote  said Harry, once the door had closed behind them and they were hurrying through the dark and deserted grounds; he had abandoned the rock cake after an ominous crack\-ing noise from one of his back teeth. \ldblquote And I\rquote ve got that detention with Snape tonight, I haven\rquote t got much time for dinner. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As they came into the castle they spotted Cormac McLaggen en\-tering the Great Hall. It took him two attempts to get through the doors; he ricocheted off the frame on the first attempt. Ron merely guffawed gloatingly and strode off into the Hall after him, but Harry caught Hermione\rquote s arm and held her back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Hermione defensively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you ask me,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly, \ldblquote McLaggen looks like he \i was\i0  Confunded this morning. And he was standing right in front of where you were sitting.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione blushed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, all right then, I did it,\rdblquote  she whispered. \ldblquote But you should have heard the way he was talking about Ron and Ginny! Any\-way, he\rquote s got a nasty temper, you saw how he reacted when he didn\rquote t get in \emdash  you wouldn\rquote t have wanted someone like that on the team.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote No, I suppose that\rquote s true. But wasn\rquote t that dis\-honest, Hermione? I mean, you\rquote re a prefect, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, be quiet,\rdblquote  she snapped, as he smirked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you two doing?\rdblquote  demanded Ron, reappearing in the doorway to the Great Hall and looking suspicious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Harry and Hermione together, and they hurried after Ron. The smell of roast beef made Harry\rquote s stomach ache with hunger, but they had barely taken three steps toward the Gryffindor table when Professor Slughorn appeared in front of them, blocking their path.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, Harry, just the man I was hoping to see!\rdblquote  he boomed ge\-nially, twiddling the ends of his walrus mustache and puffing out his enormous belly. \ldblquote I was hoping to catch you before dinner! What do you say to a spot of supper tonight in my rooms instead? We\rquote re having a little party, just a few rising stars, I\rquote ve got McLaggen com\-ing and Zabini, the charming Melinda Bobbin \emdash  I don\rquote t know whether you know her? Her family owns a large chain of apothe\-caries \emdash  and, of course, I hope very much that Miss Granger will favor me by coming too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn made Hermione a little bow as he finished speaking. It was as though Ron was not present; Slughorn did not so much as look at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t come, Professor,\rdblquote  said Harry at once. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got a deten\-tion with Professor Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh dear!\rdblquote  said Slughorn, his face falling comically. \ldblquote Dear, dear, I was counting on you, Harry! Well, now, I\rquote ll just have to have a word with Severus and explain the situation. I\rquote m sure I\rquote ll be able to per\-suade him to postpone your detention. Yes, I\rquote ll see you both later!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He bustled away out of the Hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s got no chance of persuading Snape,\rdblquote  said Harry, the mo\-ment Slughorn was out of earshot. \ldblquote This detention\rquote s already been postponed once; Snape did it for Dumbledore, but he won\rquote t do it for anyone else.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I wish you could come, I don\rquote t want to go on my own!\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously; Harry knew that she was thinking about McLaggen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I doubt you\rquote ll be alone, Ginny\rquote ll probably be invited,\rdblquote  snapped Ron, who did not seem to have taken kindly to being ignored by Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After dinner they made their way back to Gryffindor Tower. The common room was very crowded, as most people had finished din\-ner by now, but they managed to find a free table and sat down; Ron, who had been in a bad mood ever since the encounter with Slughorn, folded his arms and frowned at the ceiling. Hermione reached out for a copy of the \i Evening Prophet,\i0  which somebody had left abandoned on a chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anything new?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not really \'85\rdblquote  Hermione had opened the newspaper and was scanning the inside pages. \ldblquote Oh, look, your dad\rquote s in here, Ron \emdash  he\rquote s all right!\rdblquote  she added quickly, for Ron had looked around in alarm. \ldblquote It just says he\rquote s been to visit the Malfoys\rquote  house. \lquote\i This sec\-ond search of the Death Eater\rquote s residence does not seem to have yielded any results. Arthur Weasley of the Office for the Detection and Confis\-cation of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects said that his team had been acting upon a confidential tip-off.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, mine!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I told him at King\rquote s Cross about Mal\-foy and that thing he was trying to get Borgin to fix! Well, if it\rquote s not at their house, he must have brought whatever it is to Hogwarts with him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how can he have done, Harry?\rdblquote  said Hermione, putting down the newspaper with a surprised look. \ldblquote We were all searched when we arrived, weren\rquote t we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Were you?\rdblquote  said Harry, taken aback. \ldblquote I wasn\rquote t!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no, of course you weren\rquote t, I forgot you were late. \'85 Well, Filch ran over all of us with Secrecy Sensors when we got into the\lang3081  \lang1033 entrance hall. Any Dark object would have been found, I know for a fact Crabbe had a shrunken head confiscated. So you see, Malfoy can\rquote t have brought in anything dangerous!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Momentarily stymied, Harry watched Ginny Weasley playing with Arnold the Pygmy Puff for a while before seeing a way around this objection.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Someone\rquote s sent it to him by owl, then,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote His mother or someone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All the owls are being checked too,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Filch told us so when he was jabbing those Secrecy Sensors everywhere he could reach.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Really stumped this time, Harry found nothing else to say. There did not seem to be any way Malfoy could have brought a dangerous or Dark object into the school. He looked hopefully at Ron, who was sitting with his arms folded, staring over at Lavender Brown.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you think of any way Malfoy \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, drop it, Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen, it\rquote s not my fault Slughorn invited Hermione and me to his stupid party, neither of us wanted to go, you know!\rdblquote  said Harry, firing up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, as I\rquote m not invited to any parties,\rdblquote  said Ron, getting to his feet again, \ldblquote I think I\rquote ll go to bed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stomped off toward the door to the boys\rquote  dormitories, leav\-ing Harry and Hermione staring after him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  said the new Chaser, Demelza Robins, appearing sud\-denly at his shoulder. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got a message for you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote From Professor Slughorn?\rdblquote  asked Harry, sitting up hopefully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85 from Professor Snape,\rdblquote  said Demelza. Harry\rquote s heart\lang3081  \lang1033 sank. \ldblquote He says you\rquote re to come to his office at half past eight tonight to do your detention \emdash  er \emdash  no matter how many party invita\-tions you\rquote ve received. And he wanted you to know you\rquote ll be sorting out rotten flobberworms from good ones, to use in Potions and \emdash  and he says there\rquote s no need to bring protective gloves.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry grimly. \ldblquote Thanks a lot, Demelza.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 12\par
\pard\qc Silver and Opals\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Where was Dumbledore, and what was he doing? Harry caught sight of the headmaster only twice over the next few weeks. He rarely appeared at meals anymore, and Harry was sure Hermione was right in thinking that he was leaving the school for days at a time. Had Dumbledore forgotten the lessons he was supposed to be giving Harry? Dumbledore had said that the lessons were leading to something to do with the prophecy; Harry had felt bolstered, comforted, and now he felt slightly abandoned.\par
Halfway through October came their first trip of the term to Hogsmeade. Harry had wondered whether these trips would still be allowed, given the increasingly tight security measures around the school, but was pleased to know that they were going ahead; it was always good to get out of the castle grounds for a few hours.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry woke early on the morning of the trip, which was proving stormy, and whiled away the time until breakfast by reading his copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making.\i0  He did not usually lie in bed\lang3081  \lang1033 reading his textbooks; that sort of behavior, as Ron rightly said, was indecent in anybody except Hermione, who was simply weird that way. Harry felt, however, that the Half-Blood Prince\rquote s copy of \i Ad\-vanced Potion-Making\i0  hardly qualified as a textbook. The more Harry pored over the book, the more he realized how much was in there, not only the handy hints and shortcuts on potions that were earning him such a glowing reputation with Slughorn, but also the imaginative little jinxes and hexes scribbled in the margins, which Harry was sure, judging by the crossings-out and revisions, that the Prince had invented himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had already attempted a few of the Prince\rquote s self-invented spells. There had been a hex that caused toenails to grow alarm\-ingly fast (he had tried this on Crabbe in the corridor, with very en\-tertaining results); a jinx that glued the tongue to the roof of the mouth (which he had twice used, to general applause, on an un\-suspecting Argus Filch); and, perhaps most useful of all, \i Muffliato,\i0  a spell that filled the ears of anyone nearby with an unidentifiable buzzing, so that lengthy conversations could be held in class with\-out being overheard. The only person who did not find these charms amusing was Hermione, who maintained a rigidly disap\-proving expression throughout and refused to talk at all if Harry had used the \i Muffliato\i0  spell on anyone in the vicinity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sitting up in bed, Harry turned the book sideways so as to ex\-amine more closely the scribbled instructions for a spell that seemed to have caused the Prince some trouble. There were many crossings-out and alterations, but finally, crammed into a corner of the page, the scribble:\par
\par
\pard\qc\i Levicorpus\lang3081  (nvbl)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
While the wind and sleet pounded relentlessly on the windows, and Neville snored loudly, Harry stared at the letters in brackets. \i Nvbl\lang3081  \lang1033\i0\'85 that had to mean \ldblquote nonverbal.\rdblquote  Harry rather doubted he would be able to bring off this particular spell; he was still having difficulty with nonverbal spells, something Snape had been quick to comment on in every D.A.D.A. class. On the other hand, the Prince had proved a much more effective teacher than Snape so far.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pointing his wand at nothing in particular, he gave it an upward flick and said \i Levicorpus\i0 ! inside his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aaaaaaaargh!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a flash of light and the room was full of voices: Every\-one had woken up as Ron had let out a yell. Harry sent \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  flying in panic; Ron was dangling upside down in midair as though an invisible hook had hoisted him up by the ankle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry!\rdblquote  yelled Harry, as Dean and Seamus roared with laughter, and Neville picked himself up from the floor, having fallen out of bed. \ldblquote Hang on \emdash  I\rquote ll let you down \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He groped for the potion book and riffled through it in a panic, trying to find the right page; at last he located it and deciphered one cramped word underneath the spell: Praying that this was the counter-jinx, Harry thought \i Liberacorpus\i0 ! with all his might.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was another flash of light, and Ron fell in a heap onto his mattress.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  repeated Harry weakly, while Dean and Seamus contin\-ued to roar with laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tomorrow,\rdblquote  said Ron in a muffled voice, \ldblquote I\rquote d rather you set the alarm clock.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 By the time they had got dressed, padding themselves out with\lang3081  \lang1033 several of Mrs. Weasley\rquote s hand-knitted sweaters and carrying cloaks, scarves, and gloves, Ron\rquote s shock had subsided and he had decided that Harry\rquote s new spell was highly amusing; so amusing, in fact, that he lost no time in regaling Hermione with the story as they sat down for breakfast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and then there was another flash of light and I landed on the bed again!\rdblquote  Ron grinned, helping himself to sausages.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione had not cracked a smile during this anecdote, and now turned an expression of wintry disapproval upon Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Was this spell, by any chance, another one from that potion book of yours?\rdblquote  she asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry frowned at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Always jump to the worst conclusion, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Was it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 yeah, it was, but so what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you just decided to try out an unknown, handwritten in\-cantation and see what would happen?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why does it matter if it\rquote s handwritten?\rdblquote  said Harry, preferring not to answer the rest of the question.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because it\rquote s probably not Ministry of Magic\lang3081\endash\lang1033 approved,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote And also,\rdblquote  she added, as Harry and Ron rolled their eyes, \ldblquote because I\rquote m starting to think this Prince character was a bit dodgy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Both Harry and Ron shouted her down at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was a laugh!\rdblquote  said Ron, upending a ketchup bottle over his sausages. \ldblquote Just a laugh, Hermione, that\rquote s all!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dangling people upside down by the ankle?\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one. \ldblquote Who puts their time and energy into making up spells like that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fred and George,\rdblquote  said Ron, shrugging, \ldblquote it\rquote s their kind of thing. And, er \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dad,\rdblquote  said Harry. He had only just remembered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron and Hermione together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dad used this spell,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I \emdash  Lupin told me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This last part was not true; in fact, Harry had seen his father use the spell on Snape, but he had never told Ron and Hermione about that particular excursion into the Pensieve. Now, however, a won\-derful possibility occurred to him. Could the Half-Blood Prince possibly be \emdash  ?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe your dad did use it, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote but he\rquote s not the only one. We\rquote ve seen a whole bunch of people use it, in case you\rquote ve forgotten. Dangling people in the air. Making them float along, asleep, helpless.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at her. With a sinking feeling, he too remembered the behavior of the Death Eaters at the Quidditch World Cup. Ron came to his aid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was different,\rdblquote  he said robustly. \ldblquote They were abusing it. Harry and his dad were just having a laugh. You don\rquote t like the Prince, Hermione,\rdblquote  he added, pointing a sausage at her sternly, \ldblquote because he\rquote s better than you at Potions \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s got nothing to do with that!\rdblquote  said Hermione, her cheeks reddening. \ldblquote I just think it\rquote s very irresponsible to start performing spells when you don\rquote t even know what they\rquote re for, and stop talking about \lquote the Prince\rquote  as if it\rquote s his title, I bet it\rquote s just a stupid nickname, and it doesn\rquote t seem as though he was a very nice person to me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t see where you get that from,\rdblquote  said Harry heatedly. \ldblquote If he\rquote d been a budding Death Eater he wouldn\rquote t have been boasting about being \lquote half-blood,\rquote  would he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Even as he said it, Harry remembered that his father had been pure-blood, but he pushed the thought out of his mind; he would worry about that later. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Death Eaters can\rquote t all be pure-blood, there aren\rquote t enough pure-blood wizards left,\rdblquote  said Hermione stubbornly. \ldblquote I expect most of them are half-bloods pretending to be pure. It\rquote s only Muggle-borns they hate, they\rquote d be quite happy to let you and Ron join up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is no way they\rquote d let me be a Death Eater!\rdblquote  said Ron in\-dignantly, a bit of sausage flying off the fork he was now brandish\-ing at Hermione and hitting Ernie Macmillan on the head. \ldblquote My whole family are blood traitors! That\rquote s as bad as Muggle-borns to Death Eaters!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And they\rquote d love to have me,\rdblquote  said Harry sarcastically. \ldblquote We\rquote d be best pals if they didn\rquote t keep trying to do me in.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This made Ron laugh; even Hermione gave a grudging smile, and a distraction arrived in the shape of Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey, Harry, I\rquote m supposed to give you this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a scroll of parchment with Harry\rquote s name written upon it in familiar thin, slanting writing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks, Ginny \'85 It\rquote s Dumbledore\rquote s next lesson!\rdblquote  Harry told Ron and Hermione, pulling open the parchment and quickly read\-ing its contents. \ldblquote Monday evening!\rdblquote  He felt suddenly light and happy. \ldblquote Want to join us in Hogsmeade, Ginny?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going with Dean \emdash  might see you there,\rdblquote  she replied, wav\-ing at them as she left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Filch was standing at the oak front doors as usual, checking off the names of people who had permission to go into Hogsmeade. The process took even longer than normal as Filch was triple-checking everybody with his Secrecy Sensor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What does it matter if we\rquote re smuggling Dark stuff OUT?\rdblquote  de\-manded Ron, eyeing the long thin Secrecy Sensor with apprehen\-sion. \ldblquote Surely you ought to be checking what we bring back IN?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His cheek earned him a few extra jabs with the Sensor, and he was still wincing as they stepped out into the wind and sleet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The walk into Hogsmeade was not enjoyable. Harry wrapped his scarf over his lower face; the exposed part soon felt both raw and numb. The road to the village was full of students bent double against the bitter wind. More than once Harry wondered whether they might not have had a better time in the warm common room, and when they finally reached Hogsmeade and saw that Zonko\rquote s Joke Shop had been boarded up, Harry took it as confirmation that this trip was not destined to be fun. Ron pointed, with a thickly gloved hand, toward Honeydukes, which was mercifully open, and Harry and Hermione staggered in his wake into the crowded shop.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank God,\rdblquote  shivered Ron as they were enveloped by warm, toffee-scented air. \ldblquote Let\rquote s stay here all afternoon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, m\rquote boy!\rdblquote  said a booming voice from behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no,\rdblquote  muttered Harry. The three of them turned to see Pro\-fessor Slughorn, who was wearing an enormous furry hat and an overcoat with matching fur collar, clutching a large bag of crystal\-ized pineapple, and occupying at least a quarter of the shop.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, that\rquote s three of my little suppers you\rquote ve missed now!\rdblquote  said Slughorn, poking him genially in the chest. \ldblquote It won\rquote t do, m\rquote boy, I\rquote m determined to have you! Miss Granger loves them, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione helplessly, \ldblquote they\rquote re really \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So why don\rquote t you come along, Harry?\rdblquote  demanded Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote ve had Quidditch practice, Professor,\rdblquote  said Harry, who\lang3081  \lang1033 had indeed been scheduling practices every time Slughorn had sent him a little, violet ribbon-adorned invitation. This strategy meant that Ron was not left out, and they usually had a laugh with Ginny, imagining Hermione shut up with McLaggen and Zabini.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I certainly expect you to win your first match after all this hard work!\rdblquote  said Slughorn. \ldblquote But a little recreation never hurt any\-body. Now, how about Monday night, you can\rquote t possibly want to practice in this weather. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t, Professor, I\rquote ve got \emdash  er \emdash  an appointment with Profes\-sor Dumbledore that evening.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Unlucky again!\rdblquote  cried Slughorn dramatically. \ldblquote Ah, well \'85 you can\rquote t evade me forever, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And with a regal wave, he waddled out of the shop, taking as lit\-tle notice of Ron as though he had been a display of Cockroach Clusters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t believe you\rquote ve wriggled out of another one,\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one, shaking her head. \ldblquote They\rquote re not \i that\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 bad, you know. \'85 They\rquote re even quite fun sometimes. \'85\rdblquote  But then she caught sight of Ron\rquote s expression. \ldblquote Oh, look \emdash  they\rquote ve got deluxe sugar quills \emdash  those would last hours!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Glad that Hermione had changed the subject, Harry showed much more interest in the new extra-large sugar quills than he would normally have done, but Ron continued to look moody and merely shrugged when Hermione asked him where he wanted to go next.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s go to the Three Broomsticks,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote It\rquote ll be warm.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They bundled their scarves back over their faces and left the sweetshop. The bitter wind was like knives on their faces after the sugary warmth of Honeydukes. The street was not very busy; no\-body was lingering to chat, just hurrying toward their destinations. The exceptions were two men a little ahead of them, standing just outside the Three Broomsticks. One was very tall and thin; squint\-ing through his rain-washed glasses Harry recognized the barman who worked in the other Hogsmeade pub, the Hog\rquote s Head. As Harry, Ron, and Hermione drew closer, the barman drew his cloak more tightly around his neck and walked away, leaving the shorter man to fumble with something in his arms. They were barely feet from him when Harry realized who the man was.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mundungus!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The squat, bandy-legged man with long, straggly, ginger hair jumped and dropped an ancient suitcase, which burst open, releas\-ing what looked like the entire contents of a junk shop window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, \rquote ello, \rquote Arry,\rdblquote  said Mundungus Fletcher, with a most un\-convincing stab at airiness. \ldblquote Well, don\rquote t let me keep ya.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he began scrabbling on the ground to retrieve the contents of his suitcase with every appearance of a man eager to be gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you selling this stuff?\rdblquote  asked Harry, watching Mundungus grab an assortment of grubby-looking objects from the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, well, gotta scrape a living,\rdblquote  said Mundungus. \ldblquote Gimme that!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had stooped down and picked up something silver.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on,\rdblquote  Ron said slowly. \ldblquote This looks familiar \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you!\rdblquote  said Mundungus, snatching the goblet out of Ron\rquote s hand and stuffing it back into the case. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote ll see you all \emdash  OUCH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had pinned Mundungus against the wall of the pub by the throat. Holding him fast with one hand, he pulled out his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  squealed Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You took that from Sirius\rquote s house,\rdblquote  said Harry, who was almost nose to nose with Mundungus and was breathing in an unpleasant smell of old tobacco and spirits. \ldblquote That had the Black family crest on it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  no \emdash  what \emdash  ?\rdblquote  spluttered Mundungus, who was slowly turning purple.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did you do, go back the night he died and strip the place?\rdblquote  snarled Harry.\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  no \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give it to me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you mustn\rquote t!\rdblquote  shrieked Hermione, as Mundungus started to turn blue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a bang, and Harry felt his hands fly off Mundungus\rquote s throat. Gasping and spluttering, Mundungus seized his fallen case, then \emdash  \i CRACK\i0  \emdash  he Disapparated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry swore at the top of his voice, spinning on the spot to see where Mundungus had gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote COME BACK, YOU THIEVING \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s no point, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tonks had appeared out of nowhere, her mousy hair wet with sleet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mundungus will probably be in London by now. There\rquote s no point yelling.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s nicked Sirius\rquote s stuff! Nicked it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but still,\rdblquote  said Tonks, who seemed perfectly untroubled by this piece of information. \ldblquote You should get out of the cold.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She watched them go through the door of the Three Broom\-sticks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The moment he was inside, Harry burst out, \ldblquote\i He was nicking Sirius\rquote s stuff\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, Harry, but please don\rquote t shout, people are staring,\rdblquote  whis\-pered Hermione. \ldblquote Go and sit down, I\rquote ll get you a drink.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was still fuming when Hermione returned to their table a few minutes later holding three bottles of butterbeer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t the Order control Mundungus?\rdblquote  Harry demanded of the other two in a furious whisper. \ldblquote Can\rquote t they at least stop him steal\-ing everything that\rquote s not fixed down when he\rquote s at headquarters?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shh!\rdblquote  said Hermione desperately, looking around to make sure nobody was listening; there were a couple of warlocks sitting close by who were staring at Harry with great interest, and Zabini was lolling against a pillar not far away. \ldblquote Harry, I\rquote d be annoyed too, I know it\rquote s your things he\rquote s stealing \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry gagged on his butterbeer; he had momentarily forgotten that he owned number twelve, Grimmauld Place.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it\rquote s my stuff!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote No wonder he wasn\rquote t pleased to see me! Well, I\rquote m going to tell Dumbledore what\rquote s going on, he\rquote s the only one who scares Mundungus.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good idea,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione, clearly pleased that Harry was calming down. \ldblquote Ron, what are you staring at?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Ron, hastily looking away from the bar, but Harry knew he was trying to catch the eye of the curvy and attractive bar\-maid, Madam Rosmerta, for whom he had long nursed a soft spot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I expect \lquote nothing\rquote s\rquote  in the back getting more firewhisky,\rdblquote  said Hermione waspishly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron ignored this jibe, sipping his drink in what he evidently considered to be a dignified silence. Harry was thinking about Sir\-ius, and how he had hated those silver goblets anyway. Hermione\lang3081  \lang1033 drummed her fingers on the table, her eyes flickering between Ron and the bar. The moment Harry drained the last drops in his bot\-tle she said, \ldblquote Shall we call it a day and go back to school, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The other two nodded; it had not been a fun trip and the weather was getting worse the longer they stayed. Once again they drew their cloaks tightly around them, rearranged their scarves, pulled on their gloves, then followed Katie Bell and a friend out of the pub and back up the High Street. Harry\rquote s thoughts strayed to Ginny as they trudged up the road to Hogwarts through the frozen slush. They had not met up with her, undoubtedly, thought Harry, because she and Dean were cozily closeted in Madam Puddifoot\rquote s Tea Shop, that haunt of happy couples. Scowling, he bowed his head against the swirling sleet and trudged on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a little while before Harry became aware that the voices of Katie Bell and her friend, which were being carried back to him on the wind, had become shriller and louder. Harry squinted at their indistinct figures. The two girls were having an argument about something Katie was holding in her hand. \ldblquote It\rquote s nothing to do with you, Leanne!\rdblquote  Harry heard Katie say.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They rounded a corner in the lane, sleet coming thick and fast, blurring Harry\rquote s glasses. Just as he raised a gloved hand to wipe them, Leanne made to grab hold of the package Katie was holding; Katie tugged it back and the package fell to the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At once, Katie rose into the air, not as Ron had done, suspended comically by the ankle, but gracefully, her arms outstretched, as though she was about to fly. Yet there was something wrong, some\-thing eerie. \'85 Her hair was whipped around her by the fierce wind, but her eyes were closed and her face was quite empty of\lang3081  \lang1033 expression. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Leanne had all halted in their tracks, watching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then, six feet above the ground, Katie let out a terrible scream. Her eyes flew open but whatever she could see, or whatever she was feeling, was clearly causing her terrible anguish. She screamed and screamed; Leanne started to scream too and seized Katie\rquote s ankles, trying to tug her back to the ground. Harry, Ron, and Hermione rushed forward to help, but even as they grabbed Katie\rquote s legs, she fell on top of them; Harry and Ron managed to catch her but she was writhing so much they could hardly hold her. Instead they low\-ered her to the ground where she thrashed and screamed, appar\-ently unable to recognize any of them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around; the landscape seemed deserted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stay there!\rdblquote  he shouted at the others over the howling wind. \ldblquote I\rquote m going for help!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He began to sprint toward the school; he had never seen anyone behave as Katie had just behaved and could not think what had caused it; he hurtled around a bend in the lane and collided with what seemed to be an enormous bear on its hind legs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid!\rdblquote  he panted, disentangling himself from the hedgerow into which he had fallen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, who had sleet trapped in his eyebrows and beard, and was wearing his great, shaggy beaverskin coat. \ldblquote Jus\rquote  bin visitin\rquote  Grawp, he\rquote s comin\rquote  on so well yeh wouldn\rquote  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, someone\rquote s hurt back there, or cursed, or something \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wha?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, bending lower to hear what Harry was say\-ing over the raging wind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Someone\rquote s been cursed!\rdblquote  bellowed Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cursed? Who\rquote s bin cursed \emdash  not Ron? Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it\rquote s not them, it\rquote s Katie Bell \emdash  this way \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Together they ran back along the lane. It took them no time to find the little group of people around Katie, who was still writhing and screaming on the ground; Ron, Hermione, and Leanne were all trying to quiet her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get back!\rdblquote  shouted Hagrid. \ldblquote Lemme see her!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Something\rquote s happened to her!\rdblquote  sobbed Leanne. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know what \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid stared at Katie for a second, then without a word, bent down, scooped her into his arms, and ran off toward the castle with her. Within seconds, Katie\rquote s piercing screams had died away and the only sound was the roar of the wind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione hurried over to Katie\rquote s wailing friend and put an arm around her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Leanne, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The girl nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did it just happen all of a sudden, or \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was when that package tore,\rdblquote  sobbed Leanne, pointing at the now sodden brown-paper package on the ground, which had split open to reveal a greenish glitter. Ron bent down, his hand out\-stretched, but Harry seized his arm and pulled him back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Don\rquote t touch it\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He crouched down. An ornate opal necklace was visible, poking out of the paper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve seen that before,\rdblquote  said Harry, staring at the thing. \ldblquote It was on display in Borgin and Burkes ages ago. The label said it was cursed. Katie must have touched it.\rdblquote  He looked up at Leanne, who\lang3081  \lang1033 had started to shake uncontrollably. \ldblquote How did Katie get hold of this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s why we were arguing. She came back from the bathroom in the Three Broomsticks holding it, said it was a sur\-prise for somebody at Hogwarts and she had to deliver it. She looked all funny when she said it. \'85 Oh no, oh no, I bet she\rquote d been Imperiused and I didn\rquote t realize!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Leanne shook with renewed sobs. Hermione patted her shoulder gently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She didn\rquote t say who\rquote d given it to her, Leanne?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85 she wouldn\rquote t tell me \'85 and I said she was being stupid and not to take it up to school, but she just wouldn\rquote t listen and \'85 and then I tried to grab it from her \'85 and \emdash  and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Leanne let out a wail of despair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote d better get up to school,\rdblquote  said Hermione, her arm still around Leanne. \ldblquote We\rquote ll be able to find out how she is. Come on. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hesitated for a moment, then pulled his scarf from around his face and, ignoring Ron\rquote s gasp, carefully covered the necklace in it and picked it up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll need to show this to Madam Pomfrey,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As they followed Hermione and Leanne up the road, Harry was thinking furiously. They had just entered the grounds when he spoke, unable to keep his thoughts to himself any longer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy knows about this necklace. It was in a case at Borgin and Burkes four years ago, I saw him having a good look at it while I was hiding from him and his dad. \i This\i0  is what he was buying that day when we followed him! He remembered it and he went back for it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I dunno, Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron hesitantly. \ldblquote Loads of people go\lang3081  \lang1033 to Borgin and Burkes \'85 and didn\rquote t that girl say Katie got it in the girls\rquote  bathroom?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She said she came back from the bathroom with it, she didn\rquote t necessarily get it in the bathroom itself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote McGonagall!\rdblquote  said Ron warningly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked up. Sure enough, Professor McGonagall was hur\-rying down the stone steps through swirling sleet to meet them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid says you four saw what happened to Katie Bell \emdash  upstairs to my office at once, please! What\rquote s that you\rquote re holding, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s the thing she touched,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good lord,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, looking alarmed as she took the necklace from Harry. \ldblquote No, no, Filch, they\rquote re with me!\rdblquote  she added hastily, as Filch came shuffling eagerly across the entrance hall holding his Secrecy Sensor aloft. \ldblquote Take this necklace to Profes\-sor Snape at once, but be sure not to touch it, keep it wrapped in the scarf!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and the others followed Professor McGonagall upstairs and into her office. The sleet-spattered windows were rattling in their frames, and the room was chilly despite the fire crackling in the grate. Professor McGonagall closed the door and swept around her desk to face Harry, Ron, Hermione, and the still sobbing Leanne.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  she said sharply. \ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Haltingly, and with many pauses while she attempted to control her crying, Leanne told Professor McGonagall how Katie had gone to the bathroom in the Three Broomsticks and returned holding the unmarked package, how Katie had seemed a little odd, and\lang3081  \lang1033 how they had argued about the advisability of agreeing to deliver unknown objects, the argument culminating in the tussle over the parcel, which tore open. At this point, Leanne was so overcome, there was no getting another word out of her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, not unkindly, \ldblquote go up to the hospital wing, please, Leanne, and get Madam Pomfrey to give you something for shock.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When she had left the room, Professor McGonagall turned back to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened when Katie touched the necklace?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She rose up in the air,\rdblquote  said Harry, before either Ron or Hermi\-one could speak, \ldblquote and then began to scream, and collapsed. Profes\-sor, can I see Professor Dumbledore, please?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The headmaster is away until Monday, Potter,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, looking surprised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Away?\rdblquote  Harry repeated angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Potter, away!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall tartly. \ldblquote But any\-thing you have to say about this horrible business can be said to me, I\rquote m sure!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a split second, Harry hesitated. Professor McGonagall did not invite confidences; Dumbledore, though in many ways more intimidating, still seemed less likely to scorn a theory, however wild. This was a life-and-death matter, though, and no moment to worry about being laughed at.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think Draco Malfoy gave Katie that necklace, Professor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On one side of him, Ron rubbed his nose in apparent embar\-rassment; on the other, Hermione shuffled her feet as though quite keen to put a bit of distance between herself and Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That is a very serious accusation, Potter,\rdblquote  said Professor McGon\-agall, after a shocked pause. \ldblquote Do you have any proof?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  and he told her about following Malfoy to Borgin and Burkes and the conversation they had over\-heard between him and Mr. Borgin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When he had finished speaking, Professor McGonagall looked slightly confused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy took something to Borgin and Burkes for repair?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Professor, he just wanted Borgin to tell him how to mend something, he didn\rquote t have it with him. But that\rquote s not the point, the thing is that he bought something at the same time, and I think it was that necklace \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You saw Malfoy leaving the shop with a similar package?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Professor, he told Borgin to keep it in the shop for him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Harry,\rdblquote  Hermione interrupted, \ldblquote Borgin asked him if he wanted to take it with him, and Malfoy said no \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because he didn\rquote t want to touch it, obviously!\rdblquote  said Harry angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What he actually said was, \lquote How would I look carrying that down the street?\rquote  \rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, he would look a bit of a prat carrying a necklace,\rdblquote  inter\-jected Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione despairingly, \ldblquote it would be all wrapped up, so he wouldn\rquote t have to touch it, and quite easy to hide inside a cloak, so nobody would see it! I think whatever he reserved at Borgin and Burkes was noisy or bulky, something he knew would draw attention to him if he carried it down the street \emdash  and in any case,\rdblquote  she pressed on loudly, before Harry could interrupt, \ldblquote I asked Borgin about the necklace, don\rquote t you remember? When I\lang3081  \lang1033 went in to try and find out what Malfoy had asked him to keep, I saw it there. And Borgin just told me the price, he didn\rquote t say it was already sold or anything \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you were being really obvious, he realized what you were up to within about five seconds, of course he wasn\rquote t going to tell you \emdash  anyway, Malfoy could\rquote ve sent off for it since \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s enough!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, as Hermione opened her mouth to retort, looking furious. \ldblquote Potter, I appreciate you telling me this, but we cannot point the finger of blame at Mr. Malfoy purely because he visited the shop where this necklace might have been purchased. The same is probably true of hundreds of people \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  that\rquote s what I said \emdash\rdblquote  muttered Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and in any case, we have put stringent security measures in place this year. I do not believe that necklace can possibly have en\-tered this school without our knowledge \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and what is more,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, with an air of awful finality, \ldblquote Mr. Malfoy was not in Hogsmeade today.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry gaped at her, deflating.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you know, Professor?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because he was doing detention with me. He has now failed to complete his Transfiguration homework twice in a row. So, thank you for telling me your suspicions, Potter,\rdblquote  she said as she marched past them, \ldblquote but I need to go up to the hospital wing now to check on Katie Bell. Good day to you all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She held open her office door. They had no choice but to file past her without another word.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was angry with the other two for siding with McGonagall;\lang3081  \lang1033 nevertheless, he felt compelled to join in once they started dis\-cussing what had happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So who do you reckon Katie was supposed to give the necklace to?\rdblquote  asked Ron, as they climbed the stairs to the common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Goodness only knows,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote But whoever it was has had a narrow escape. No one could have opened that package without touching the necklace.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It could\rquote ve been meant for loads of people,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Dum\-bledore \emdash  the Death Eaters would love to get rid of him, he must be one of their top targets. Or Slughorn \emdash  Dumbledore reckons Voldemort really wanted him and they can\rquote t be pleased that he\rquote s sided with Dumbledore. Or \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or you,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking troubled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Couldn\rquote t have been,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote or Katie would\rquote ve just turned around in the lane and given it to me, wouldn\rquote t she? I was behind her all the way out of the Three Broomsticks. It would have made much more sense to deliver the parcel outside Hogwarts, what with Filch searching everyone who goes in and out. I wonder why Mal\-foy told her to take it into the castle?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, Malfoy wasn\rquote t in Hogsmeade!\rdblquote  said Hermione, actually stamping her foot in frustration.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He must have used an accomplice, then,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Crabbe or Goyle \emdash  or, come to think of it, another Death Eater, he\rquote ll have loads better cronies than Crabbe and Goyle now he\rquote s joined up \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione exchanged looks that plainly said \i There\rquote s no point arguing with him.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dilligrout,\rdblquote  said Hermione firmly as they reached the Fat Lady.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The portrait swung open to admit them to the common room. It was quite full and smelled of damp clothing; many people\lang3081  \lang1033 seemed to have returned from Hogsmeade early because of the bad weather. There was no buzz of fear or speculation, however: Clearly, the news of Katie\rquote s fate had not yet spread.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It wasn\rquote t a very slick attack, really, when you stop and think about it,\rdblquote  said Ron, casually turfing a first year out of one of the good armchairs by the fire so that he could sit down. \ldblquote The curse didn\rquote t even make it into the castle. Not what you\rquote d call foolproof.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re right,\rdblquote  said Hermione, prodding Ron out of the chair with her foot and offering it to the first year again. \ldblquote It wasn\rquote t very well thought-out at all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But since when has Malfoy been one of the world\rquote s great thinkers?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neither Ron nor Hermione answered him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 13\par
\pard\qc The Secret Riddle\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Katie was removed to St. Mungo\rquote s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries the following day, by which time the news that she had been cursed had spread all over the school, though the details were confused and nobody other than Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Leanne seemed to know that Katie herself had not been the intended target.\par
\ldblquote Oh, and Malfoy knows, of course,\rdblquote  said Harry to Ron and Her\-mione, who continued their new policy of feigning deafness when\-ever Harry mentioned his Malfoy-Is-a-Death-Eater theory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had wondered whether Dumbledore would return from wherever he had been in time for Monday night\rquote s lesson, but hav\-ing had no word to the contrary, he presented himself outside Dumbledore\rquote s office at eight o\rquote clock, knocked, and was told to en\-ter. There sat Dumbledore looking unusually tired; his hand was as black and burned as ever, but he smiled when he gestured to Harry\lang3081  \lang1033 to sit down. The Pensieve was sitting on the desk again, casting sil\-very specks of light over the ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have had a busy time while I have been away,\rdblquote  Dumble\-dore said. \ldblquote I believe you witnessed Katie\rquote s accident.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir. How is she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Still very unwell, although she was relatively lucky. She appears to have brushed the necklace with the smallest possible amount of skin: There was a tiny hole in her glove. Had she put it on, had she even held it in her ungloved hand, she would have died, perhaps instantly. Luckily Professor Snape was able to do enough to prevent a rapid spread of the curse \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why him?\rdblquote  asked Harry quickly. \ldblquote Why not Madam Pomfrey?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Impertinent,\rdblquote  said a soft voice from one of the portraits on the wall, and Phineas Nigellus Black, Sirius\rquote s great-great-grandfather, raised his head from his arms where he had appeared to be sleeping. \ldblquote I would not have permitted a student to question the way Hog\-warts operated in my day.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, thank you, Phineas,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quellingly. \ldblquote Profes\-sor Snape knows much more about the Dark Arts than Madam Pomfrey, Harry. Anyway, the St. Mungo\rquote s staff are sending me hourly reports, and I am hopeful that Katie will make a full recov\-ery in time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where were you this weekend, sir?\rdblquote  Harry asked, disregarding a strong feeling that he might be pushing his luck, a feeling appar\-ently shared by Phineas Nigellus, who hissed softly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would rather not say just now,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote However, I shall tell you in due course.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will?\rdblquote  said Harry, startled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I expect so,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, withdrawing a fresh bottle of silver memories from inside his robes and uncorking it with a prod of his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir,\rdblquote  said Harry tentatively, \ldblquote I met Mundungus in Hogsmeade.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah yes, I am already aware that Mundungus has been treating your inheritance with light-fingered contempt,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, frowning a little. \ldblquote He has gone to ground since you accosted him outside the Three Broomsticks; I rather think he dreads facing me. However, rest assured that he will not be making away with any more of Sirius\rquote s old possessions.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That mangy old half-blood has been stealing Black heirlooms?\rdblquote  said Phineas Nigellus, incensed; and he stalked out of his frame, undoubtedly to visit his portrait in number twelve, Grimmauld Place.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor,\rdblquote  said Harry, after a short pause, \ldblquote did Professor McGonagall tell you what I told her after Katie got hurt? About Draco Malfoy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She told me of your suspicions, yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And do you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I shall take all appropriate measures to investigate anyone who might have had a hand in Katie\rquote s accident,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote But what concerns me now, Harry, is our lesson.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt slightly resentful at this: If their lessons were so very important, why had there been such a long gap between the first and second? However, he said no more about Draco Malfoy, but watched as Dumbledore poured the fresh memories into the Pen\-sieve and began swirling the stone basin once more between his long-fingered hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will remember, I am sure, that we left the tale of Lord\lang3081  \lang1033 Voldemort\rquote s beginnings at the point where the handsome Muggle, Tom Riddle, had abandoned his witch wife, Merope, and returned to his family home in Little Hangleton. Merope was left alone in London, expecting the baby who would one day become Lord Voldemort.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you know she was in London, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because of the evidence of one Caractacus Burke,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore, \ldblquote who, by an odd coincidence, helped found the very shop whence came the necklace we have just been discussing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He swilled the contents of the Pensieve as Harry had seen him swill them before, much as a gold prospector sifts for gold. Up out of the swirling, silvery mass rose a little old man revolving slowly in the Pensieve, silver as a ghost but much more solid, with a thatch of hair that completely covered his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, we acquired it in curious circumstances. It was brought in by a young witch just before Christmas, oh, many years ago now. She said she needed the gold badly, well, that much was obvious. Covered in rags and pretty far along \'85 Going to have a baby, see. She said the locket had been Slytherin\rquote s. Well, we hear that sort of story all the time, \lquote Oh, this was Merlin\rquote s, this was, his favorite teapot,\rquote  but when I looked at it, it had his mark all right, and a few simple spells were enough to tell me the truth. Of course, that made it near enough priceless. She didn\rquote t seem to have any idea how much it was worth. Happy to get ten Galleons for it. Best bar\-gain we ever made!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore gave the Pensieve an extra-vigorous shake and Car\-actacus Burke descended back into the swirling mass of memory from whence he had come.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He only gave her ten Galleons?\rdblquote  said Harry indignantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Caractacus Burke was not famed for his generosity,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore. \ldblquote So we know that, near the end of her pregnancy, Merope was alone in London and in desperate need of gold, desperate enough to sell her one and only valuable possession, the locket that was one of Marvolo\rquote s treasured family heirlooms.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But she could do magic!\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently. \ldblquote She could have got food and everything for herself by magic, couldn\rquote t she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote perhaps she could. But it is my belief\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  I am guessing again, but I am sure I am right \emdash  that when her husband abandoned her, Merope stopped using magic. I do not think that she wanted to be a witch any longer. Of course, it is also possible that her unrequited love and the attendant despair sapped her of her powers; that can happen. In any case, as you are about to see, Merope refused to raise her wand even to save her own life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She wouldn\rquote t even stay alive for her son?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore raised his eyebrows. \ldblquote Could you possibly be feeling sorry for Lord Voldemort?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, \ldblquote but she had a choice, didn\rquote t she, not like my mother \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your mother had a choice too,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore gently. \ldblquote Yes, Merope Riddle chose death in spite of a son who needed her, but do not judge her too harshly, Harry. She was greatly weakened by long suffering and she never had your mother\rquote s courage. And now, if you will stand \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are we going?\rdblquote  Harry asked, as Dumbledore joined him at the front of the desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This time,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote we are going to enter \i my\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 memory. I think you will find it both rich in detail and satisfyingly accurate. After you, Harry \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry bent over the Pensieve; his face broke the cool surface of the memory and then he was falling through darkness again. \'85 Seconds later, his feet hit firm ground; he opened his eyes and found that he and Dumbledore were standing in a bustling, old-fashioned London street.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There I am,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore brightly, pointing ahead of them to a tall figure crossing the road in front of a horse-drawn milk cart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This younger Albus Dumbledore\rquote s long hair and beard were auburn. Having reached their side of the street, he strode off along the pavement, drawing many curious glances due to the flamboy\-antly cut suit of plum velvet that he was wearing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice suit, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry, before he could stop himself, but Dumbledore merely chuckled as they followed his younger self a short distance, finally passing through a set of iron gates into a bare courtyard that fronted a rather grim, square building surrounded by high railings. He mounted the few steps leading to the front door and knocked once. After a moment or two, the door was opened by a scruffy girl wearing an apron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good afternoon. I have an appointment with a Mrs. Cole, who, I believe, is the matron here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said the bewildered-looking girl, taking in Dumbledore\rquote s eccentric appearance. \ldblquote Um \'85 just a mo\rquote  \'85 MRS. COLE!\rdblquote  she bellowed over her shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry heard a distant voice shouting something in response. The girl turned back to Dumbledore. \ldblquote Come in, she\rquote s on \rquote er way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore stepped into a hallway tiled in black and white; the whole place was shabby but spotlessly clean. Harry and the older Dumbledore followed. Before the front door had closed behind them, a skinny, harassed-looking woman came scurrying toward them. She had a sharp-featured face that appeared more anxious than unkind, and she was talking over her shoulder to another aproned helper as she walked toward Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and take the iodine upstairs to Martha, Billy Stubbs has been picking his scabs and Eric Whalley\rquote s oozing all over his sheets \emdash  chicken pox on top of everything else,\rdblquote  she said to no\-body in particular, and then her eyes fell upon Dumbledore and she stopped dead in her tracks, looking as astonished as if a giraffe had just crossed her threshold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good afternoon,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, holding out his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Cole simply gaped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My name is Albus Dumbledore. I sent you a letter requesting an appointment and you very kindly invited me here today.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Cole blinked. Apparently deciding that Dumbledore was not a hallucination, she said feebly, \ldblquote Oh yes. Well \emdash  well then \emdash  you\rquote d better come into my room. Yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She led Dumbledore into a small room that seemed part sitting room, part office. It was as shabby as the hallway and the furniture was old and mismatched. She invited Dumbledore to sit on a rick\-ety chair and seated herself behind a cluttered desk, eyeing him nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am here, as I told you in my letter, to discuss Tom Riddle and arrangements for his future,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you family?\rdblquote  asked Mrs. Cole.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I am a teacher,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I have come to offer Tom a place at my school.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What school\rquote s this, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is called Hogwarts,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And how come you\rquote re interested in Tom?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We believe he has qualities we are looking for.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mean he\rquote s won a scholarship? How can he have done? He\rquote s never been entered for one.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, his name has been down for our school since birth \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who registered him? His parents?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no doubt that Mrs. Cole was an inconveniently sharp woman. Apparently Dumbledore thought so too, for Harry now saw him slip his wand out of the pocket of his velvet suit, at the same time picking up a piece of perfectly blank paper from Mrs. Cole\rquote s desktop.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, waving his wand once as he passed her the piece of paper, \ldblquote I think this will make everything clear.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Cole\rquote s eyes slid out of focus and back again as she gazed in\-tently at the blank paper for a moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That seems perfectly in order,\rdblquote  she said placidly, handing it back. Then her eyes fell upon a bottle of gin and two glasses that had certainly not been present a few seconds before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  may I offer you a glass of gin?\rdblquote  she said in an extra-refined voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you very much,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, beaming.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It soon became clear that Mrs. Cole was no novice when it came to gin drinking. Pouring both of them a generous measure, she drained her own glass in one gulp. Smacking her lips frankly, she\lang3081  \lang1033 smiled at Dumbledore for the first time, and he didn\rquote t hesitate to press his advantage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was wondering whether you could tell me anything of Tom Riddle\rquote s history? I think he was born here in the orphanage?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Cole, helping herself to more gin. \ldblquote I re\-member it clear as anything, because I\rquote d just started here myself. New Year\rquote s Eve and bitter cold, snowing, you know. Nasty night. And this girl, not much older than I was myself at the time, came staggering up the front steps. Well, she wasn\rquote t the first. We took her in, and she had the baby within the hour. And she was dead in an\-other hour.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Cole nodded impressively and took another generous gulp of gin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did she say anything before she died?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore. \ldblquote Anything about the boy\rquote s father, for instance?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, as it happens, she did,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Cole, who seemed to be rather enjoying herself now, with the gin in her hand and an eager audience for her story. \ldblquote I remember she said to me, \lquote I hope he looks like his papa,\rquote  and I won\rquote t lie, she was right to hope it, because she was no beauty \emdash  and then she told me he was to be named Tom, for his father, and Marvolo, for \i her\i0  father \emdash  yes, I know, funny name, isn\rquote t it? We wondered whether she came from a circus \emdash  and she said the boy\rquote s surname was to be Riddle. And she died soon after that without another word.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we named him just as she\rquote d said, it seemed so important to the poor girl, but no Tom nor Marvolo nor any kind of Riddle ever came looking for him, nor any family at all, so he stayed in the orphanage and he\rquote s been here ever since.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Cole helped herself, almost absentmindedly, to another\lang3081  \lang1033 healthy measure of gin. Two pink spots had appeared high on her cheekbones. Then she said, \ldblquote He\rquote s a funny boy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I thought he might be.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was a funny baby too. He hardly ever cried, you know. And then, when he got a little older, he was \'85 odd.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Odd in what way?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore gently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, he \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Mrs. Cole pulled up short, and there was nothing blurry or vague about the inquisitorial glance she shot Dumbledore over her gin glass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s definitely got a place at your school, you say?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Definitely,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And nothing I say can change that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll be taking him away, whatever?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whatever,\rdblquote  repeated Dumbledore gravely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She squinted at him as though deciding whether or not to trust him. Apparently she decided she could, because she said in a sud\-den rush, \ldblquote He scares the other children.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mean he is a bully?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think he must be,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Cole, frowning slightly, \ldblquote but it\rquote s very hard to catch him at it. There have been incidents. \'85 Nasty things\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore did not press her, though Harry could tell that he was interested. She took yet another gulp of gin and her rosy cheeks grew rosier still.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Billy Stubbs\rquote s rabbit\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well, Tom \i said\i0  he didn\rquote t do it and I don\rquote t see how he could have done, but even so, it didn\rquote t hang itself from the rafters, did it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I shouldn\rquote t think so, no,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I\rquote m jiggered if I know how he got up there to do it. All I know is he and Billy had argued the day before. And then\rdblquote  \emdash  Mrs. Cole took another swig of gin, slopping a little over her chin this time \emdash  \ldblquote on the summer outing \emdash  we take them out, you know, once a year, to the countryside or to the seaside \emdash  well, Amy Ben\-son and Dennis Bishop were never quite right afterwards, and all we ever got out of them was that they\rquote d gone into a cave with Tom Riddle. He swore they\rquote d just gone exploring, but \i something\i0  hap\-pened in there, I\rquote m sure of it. And, well, there have been a lot of things, funny things. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked around at Dumbledore again, and though her cheeks were flushed, her gaze was steady. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think many people will be sorry to see the back of him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You understand, I\rquote m sure, that we will not be keeping him per\-manently?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote He will have to return here, at the very least, every summer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, well, that\rquote s better than a whack on the nose with a rusty poker,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Cole with a slight hiccup. She got to her feet, and Harry was impressed to see that she was quite steady, even though two-thirds of the gin was now gone. \ldblquote I suppose you\rquote d like to see him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very much,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, rising too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She led him out of her office and up the stone stairs, calling out instructions and admonitions to helpers and children as she passed. The orphans, Harry saw, were all wearing the same kind of grayish tunic. They looked reasonably well-cared for, but there was no denying that this was a grim place in which to grow up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here we are,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Cole, as they turned off the second\lang3081  \lang1033 landing and stopped outside the first door in a long corridor. She knocked twice and entered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tom? You\rquote ve got a visitor. This is Mr. Dumberton \emdash  sorry, Dunderbore. He\rquote s come to tell you \emdash  well, I\rquote ll let him do it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and the two Dumbledores entered the room, and Mrs. Cole closed the door on them. It was a small bare room with noth\-ing in it except an old wardrobe, a wooden chair,\lang3081  \lang1033 and an iron bed\-stead. A boy was sitting on top of the gray blankets, his legs stretched out in front of him, holding a book.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no trace of the Gaunts in Tom Riddle\rquote s face. Merope had got her dying wish: He was his handsome father in miniature, tall for eleven years old, dark-haired, and pale. His eyes narrowed slightly as he took in Dumbledore\rquote s eccentric appearance. There was a moment\rquote s silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you do, Tom?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, walking forward and holding out his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The boy hesitated, then took it, and they shook hands. Dum\-bledore drew up the hard wooden chair beside Riddle, so that the pair of them looked rather like a hospital patient and visitor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am Professor Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Professor\rquote ?\rdblquote  repeated Riddle. He looked wary. \ldblquote Is that like \lquote doctor\rquote ? What are you here for? Did \i she\i0  get you in to have a look at me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was pointing at the door through which Mrs. Cole had just left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe you,\rdblquote  said Riddle. \ldblquote She wants me looked at, doesn\rquote t she? Tell the truth!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He spoke the last three words with a ringing force that was\lang3081  \lang1033 almost shocking. It was a command, and it sounded as though he had given it many times before. His eyes had widened and he was glaring at Dumbledore, who made no response except to continue smiling pleasantly. After a few seconds Riddle stopped glaring, though he looked, if anything, warier still.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have told you. My name is Professor Dumbledore and I work at a school called Hogwarts. I have come to offer you a place at my school \emdash  your new school, if you would like to come.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle\rquote s reaction to this was most surprising. He leapt from the bed and backed away from Dumbledore, looking furious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t kid me! The asylum, that\rquote s where you\rquote re from, isn\rquote t it? \lquote Professor,\rquote  yes, of course \emdash  well, I\rquote m not going, see? That old cat\rquote s the one who should be in the asylum. I never did anything to little Amy Benson or Dennis Bishop, and you can ask them, they\rquote ll tell you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am not from the asylum,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore patiently. \ldblquote I am a teacher and, if you will sit down calmly, I shall tell you about Hog\-warts. Of course, if you would rather not come to the school, no\-body will force you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d like to see them try,\rdblquote  sneered Riddle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hogwarts,\rdblquote  Dumbledore went on, as though he had not heard Riddle\rquote s last words, \ldblquote is a school for people with special abilities \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not mad!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know that you are not mad. Hogwarts is not a school for mad people. It is a school of magic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence. Riddle had frozen, his face expressionless, but his eyes were flickering back and forth between each of Dumble\-dore\rquote s, as though trying to catch one of them lying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Magic?\rdblquote  he repeated in a whisper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s \'85 it\rquote s magic, what I can do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it that you can do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All sorts,\rdblquote  breathed Riddle. A flush of excitement was rising up his neck into his hollow cheeks; he looked fevered. \ldblquote I can make things move without touching them. I can make animals do what I want them to do, without training them. I can make bad things happen to people who annoy me. I can make them hurt if I want to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His legs were trembling. He stumbled forward and sat down on the bed again, staring at his hands, his head bowed as though in prayer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew I was different,\rdblquote  he whispered to his own quivering fin\-gers. \ldblquote I knew I was special. Always, I knew there was something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you were quite right,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, who was no longer smiling, but watching Riddle intently. \ldblquote You are a wizard.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle lifted his head. His face was transfigured: There was a wild happiness upon it, yet for some reason it did not make him better looking; on the contrary, his finely carved features seemed somehow rougher, his expression almost bestial.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you a wizard too?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I am.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Prove it,\rdblquote  said Riddle at once, in the same commanding tone he had used when he had said, \ldblquote Tell the truth.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore raised his eyebrows. \ldblquote If, as I take it, you are accept\-ing your place at Hogwarts \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I am!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then you will address me as \lquote Professor\rquote  or \lquote sir.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle\rquote s expression hardened for the most fleeting moment be\-fore he said, in an unrecognizably polite voice, \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, sir. I meant \emdash  please, Professor, could you show me \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was sure that Dumbledore was going to refuse, that he would tell Riddle there would be plenty of time for practical demonstrations at Hogwarts, that they were currently in a building full of Muggles and must therefore be cautious. To his great sur\-prise, however, Dumbledore drew his wand from an inside pocket of his suit jacket, pointed it at the shabby wardrobe in the corner, and gave the wand a casual flick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wardrobe burst into flames.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle jumped to his feet; Harry could hardly blame him for howling in shock and rage; all his worldly possessions must be in there. But even as Riddle rounded on Dumbledore, the flames van\-ished, leaving the wardrobe completely undamaged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle stared from the wardrobe to Dumbledore; then, his ex\-pression greedy, he pointed at the wand. \ldblquote Where can I get one of them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All in good time,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I think there is some\-thing trying to get out of your wardrobe.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And sure enough, a faint rattling could be heard from inside it. For the first time, Riddle looked frightened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Open the door,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle hesitated, then crossed the room and threw open the wardrobe door. On the topmost shelf, above a rail of threadbare clothes, a small cardboard box was shaking and rattling as though there were several frantic mice trapped inside it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take it out,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle took down the quaking box. He looked unnerved.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is there anything in that box that you ought not to have?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle threw Dumbledore a long, clear, calculating look. \ldblquote Yes, I suppose so, sir,\rdblquote  he said finally, in an expressionless voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Open it,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle took off the lid and tipped the contents onto his bed without looking at them. Harry, who had expected something much more exciting, saw a mess of small, everyday objects: a yo-yo, a silver thimble, and a tarnished mouth organ among them. Once free of the box, they stopped quivering and lay quite still upon the thin blankets.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will return them to their owners with your apologies,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly, putting his wand back into his jacket. \ldblquote I shall know whether it has been done. And be warned: Thieving is not tolerated at Hogwarts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle did not look remotely abashed; he was still staring coldly and appraisingly at Dumbledore. At last he said in a colorless voice, \ldblquote Yes, sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At Hogwarts,\rdblquote  Dumbledore went on, \ldblquote we teach you not only to use magic, but to control it. You have \emdash  inadvertently, I am sure \emdash  been using your powers in a way that is neither taught nor tolerated at our school. You are not the first, nor will you be the last, to allow your magic to run away with you. But you should know that Hog\-warts can expel students, and the Ministry of Magic \emdash  yes, there is a Ministry \emdash  will punish lawbreakers still more severely. All new wizards must accept that, in entering our world, they abide by our laws.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir,\rdblquote  said Riddle again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was impossible to tell what he was thinking; his face remained\lang3081  \lang1033 quite blank as he put the little cache of stolen objects back into the cardboard box. When he had finished, he turned to Dumbledore and said baldly, \ldblquote I haven\rquote t got any money.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That is easily remedied,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, drawing a leather money-pouch from his pocket. \ldblquote There is a fund at Hogwarts for those who require assistance to buy books and robes. You might have to buy some of your spellbooks and so on secondhand, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where do you buy spellbooks?\rdblquote  interrupted Riddle, who had taken the heavy money bag without thanking Dumbledore, and was now examining a fat gold Galleon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In Diagon Alley,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I have your list of books and school equipment with me. I can help you find everything \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re coming with me?\rdblquote  asked Riddle, looking up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly, if you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t need you,\rdblquote  said Riddle. \ldblquote I\rquote m used to doing things for myself, I go round London on my own all the time. How do you get to this Diagon Alley \emdash  sir?\rdblquote  he added, catching Dumbledore\rquote s eye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought that Dumbledore would insist upon accompany\-ing Riddle, but once again he was surprised. Dumbledore handed Riddle the envelope containing his list of equipment, and after telling Riddle exactly how to get to the Leaky Cauldron from the orphanage, he said, \ldblquote You will be able to see it, although Muggles around you \emdash  non-magical people, that is \emdash  will not. Ask for Tom the barman \emdash  easy enough to remember, as he shares your name \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle gave an irritable twitch, as though trying to displace an irksome fly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You dislike the name \lquote Tom\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are a lot of Toms,\rdblquote  muttered Riddle. Then, as though he could not suppress the question, as though it burst from him in spite of himself, he asked, \ldblquote Was my father a wizard? He was called Tom Riddle too, they\rquote ve told me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m afraid I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, his voice gentle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My mother can\rquote t have been magic, or she wouldn\rquote t have died,\rdblquote  said Riddle, more to himself than Dumbledore. \ldblquote It must\rquote ve been him. So \emdash  when I\rquote ve got all my stuff\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  when do I come to this Hogwarts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All the details are on the second piece of parchment in your en\-velope,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote You will leave from King\rquote s Cross Sta\-tion on the first of September. There is a train ticket in there too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle nodded. Dumbledore got to his feet and held out his hand again. Taking it, Riddle said, \ldblquote I can speak to snakes. I found out when we\rquote ve been to the country on trips \emdash  they find me, they whisper to me. Is that normal for a wizard?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could tell that he had withheld mention of this strangest power until that moment, determined to impress.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is unusual,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, after a moment\rquote s hesitation, \ldblquote but not unheard of.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His tone was casual but his eyes moved curiously over Riddle\rquote s face. They stood for a moment, man and boy, staring at each other. Then the handshake was broken; Dumbledore was at the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good-bye, Tom. I shall see you at Hogwarts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think that will do,\rdblquote  said the white-haired Dumbledore at Harry\rquote s side, and seconds later, they were soaring weightlessly through darkness once more, before landing squarely in the present-day office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sit down,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, landing beside Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry obeyed, his mind still full of what he had just seen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He believed it much quicker than I did \emdash  I mean, when you told him he was a wizard,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t believe Hagrid at first, when he told me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Riddle was perfectly ready to believe that he was \emdash  to use his word \emdash  \lquote special,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you know \emdash  then?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did I know that I had just met the most dangerous Dark wiz\-ard of all time?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote No, I had no idea that he was to grow up to be what he is. However, I was certainly intrigued by him. I returned to Hogwarts intending to keep an eye upon him, something I should have done in any case, given that he was alone and friendless, but which, already, I felt I ought to do for others\rquote  sake as much as his.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His powers, as you heard, were surprisingly well-developed for such a young wizard and \emdash  most interestingly and ominously of all \emdash  he had already discovered that he had some measure of con\-trol over them, and begun to use them consciously. And as you saw, they were not the random experiments typical of young wizards: He was already using magic against other people, to frighten, to punish, to control. The little stories of the strangled rabbit and the young boy and girl he lured into a cave were most suggestive. \'85 \lquote\i I can make them hurt if I want to. \'85\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And he was a Parselmouth,\rdblquote  interjected Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, indeed; a rare ability, and one supposedly connected with the Dark Arts, although as we know, there are Parselmouths among the great and the good too. In fact, his ability to speak to serpents did not make me nearly as uneasy as his obvious instincts for cru\-elty, secrecy, and domination.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Time is making fools of us again,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, indicating the dark sky beyond the windows. \ldblquote But before we part, I want to draw your attention to certain features of the scene we have just witnessed, for they have a great bearing on the matters we shall be discussing in future meetings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Firstly, I hope you noticed Riddle\rquote s reaction when I mentioned that another shared his first name, \lquote Tom\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There he showed his contempt for anything that tied him to other people, anything that made him ordinary. Even then, he wished to be different, separate, notorious. He shed his name, as you know, within a few short years of that conversation and created the mask of\lang3081  \lang1033\lquote Lord Voldemort\rquote  behind which he has been hidden for so long.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I trust that you also noticed that Tom Riddle was already highly self-sufficient, secretive, and, apparently, friendless? He did not want help or companionship on his trip to Diagon Alley. He pre\-ferred to operate alone. The adult Voldemort is the same. You will hear many of his Death Eaters claiming that they are in his confi\-dence, that they alone are close to him, even understand him. They are deluded. Lord Voldemort has never had a friend, nor do I be\-lieve that he has ever wanted one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And lastly \emdash  I hope you are not too sleepy to pay attention to this, Harry \emdash  the young Tom Riddle liked to collect trophies. You saw the box of stolen articles he had hidden in his room. These were taken from victims of his bullying behavior, souvenirs, if you will, of particularly unpleasant bits of magic. Bear in mind this magpie-like tendency, for this, particularly, will be important later.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now, it really is time for bed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry got to his feet. As he walked across the room, his eyes fell upon the little table on which Marvolo Gaunt\rquote s ring had rested last time, but the ring was no longer there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Harry?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, for Harry had come to a halt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The ring\rquote s gone,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking around. \ldblquote But I thought you might have the mouth organ or something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore beamed at him, peering over the top of his half-moon spectacles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very astute, Harry, but the mouth organ was only ever a mouth organ.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And on that enigmatic note he waved to Harry, who understood himself to be dismissed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 14\par
\pard\qc Felix Felicis\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry had Herbology first thing the following morning. He had been unable to tell Ron and Hermione about his lesson with Dumbledore over breakfast for fear of being over\-heard, but he filled them in as they walked across the vegetable patch toward the greenhouses. The weekend\rquote s brutal wind had died out at last; the weird mist had returned and it took them a little longer than usual to find the correct greenhouse.\par
\ldblquote Wow, scary thought, the boy You-Know-Who,\rdblquote  said Ron qui\-etly, as they took their places around one of the gnarled Snargaluff stumps that formed this term\rquote s project, and began pulling on their protective gloves. \ldblquote But I still don\rquote t get why Dumbledore\rquote s showing you all this. I mean, it\rquote s really interesting and everything, but what\rquote s the point?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry, inserting a gum shield. \ldblquote But he says it\rquote s all important and it\rquote ll help me survive.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think it\rquote s fascinating,\rdblquote  said Hermione earnestly. \ldblquote It makes\lang3081  \lang1033 absolute sense to know as much about Voldemort as possible. How else will you find out his weaknesses?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So how was Slughorn\rquote s latest party?\rdblquote  Harry asked her thickly through the gum shield.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it was quite fun, really,\rdblquote  said Hermione, now putting on protective goggles. \ldblquote I mean, he drones on about famous ex-pupils a bit, and he absolutely \i fawns\i0  on McLaggen because he\rquote s so well-connected, but he gave us some really nice food and he introduced us to Gwenog Jones.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gwenog Jones?\rdblquote  said Ron, his eyes widening under his own goggles. \ldblquote\i The\i0  Gwenog Jones? Captain of the Holyhead Harpies?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Personally, I thought she was a bit full of herself, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Quite\i0  enough chat over here!\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout briskly, bustling over and looking stern. \ldblquote You\rquote re lagging behind, everybody else has started, and Neville\rquote s already got his first pod!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They looked around; sure enough, there sat Neville with a bloody lip and several nasty scratches along the side of his face, but clutching an unpleasantly pulsating green object about the size of a grapefruit.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, Professor, we\rquote re starting now!\rdblquote  said Ron, adding quietly, when she had turned away again, \ldblquote should\rquote ve used Muffliato, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, we shouldn\rquote t!\rdblquote  said Hermione at once, looking, as she al\-ways did, intensely cross at the thought of the Half-Blood Prince and his spells. \ldblquote Well, come on \'85 we\rquote d better get going. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She gave the other two an apprehensive look; they all took deep breaths and then dived at the gnarled stump between them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It sprang to life at once; long, prickly, bramblelike vines flew out of the top and whipped through the air. One tangled itself in\lang3081  \lang1033 Hermione\rquote s hair, and Ron beat it back with a pair of secateurs; Harry succeeded in trapping a couple of vines and knotting them together; a hole opened in the middle of all the tentaclelike branches; Hermione plunged her arm bravely into this hole, which closed like a trap around her elbow; Harry and Ron tugged and wrenched at the vines, forcing the hole to open again, and Hermi\-one snatched her arm free, clutching in her fingers a pod just like Neville\rquote s. At once, the prickly vines shot back inside, and the gnarled stump sat there looking like an innocently dead lump of wood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know, I don\rquote t think I\rquote ll be having any of these in my garden when I\rquote ve got my own place,\rdblquote  said Ron, pushing his goggles up onto his forehead and wiping sweat from his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pass me a bowl,\rdblquote  said Hermione, holding the pulsating pod at arm\rquote s length; Harry handed one over and she dropped the pod into it with a look of disgust on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be squeamish, squeeze it out, they\rquote re best when they\rquote re fresh!\rdblquote  called Professor Sprout.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway,\rdblquote  said Hermione, continuing their interrupted conver\-sation as though a lump of wood had not just attacked them, \ldblquote Slughorn\rquote s going to have a Christmas party, Harry, and there\rquote s no way you\rquote ll be able to wriggle out of this one because he actually asked me to check your free evenings, so he could be sure to have it on a night you can come.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry groaned. Meanwhile, Ron, who was attempting to burst the pod in the bowl by putting both hands on it, standing up, and squashing it as hard as he could, said angrily, \ldblquote And this is another party just for Slughorn\rquote s favorites, is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just for the Slug Club, yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The pod flew out from under Ron\rquote s fingers and hit the green\-house glass, rebounding onto the back of Professor Sprout\rquote s head and knocking off her old, patched hat. Harry went to retrieve the pod; when he got back, Hermione was saying, \ldblquote Look, \i I\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 didn\rquote t make up the name \lquote Slug Club\rquote  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Slug Club,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\i  \lang1033\i0 repeated Ron with a sneer worthy of Malfoy. \ldblquote It\rquote s pathetic. Well, I hope you enjoy your party. Why don\rquote t you try hooking up with McLaggen, then Slughorn can make you King and Queen Slug \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re allowed to bring guests,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who for some reason had turned a bright, boiling scarlet, \ldblquote and I was \i going\i0  to ask you to come, but if you think it\rquote s that stupid then I won\rquote t bother!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry suddenly wished the pod had flown a little farther, so that he need not have been sitting here with the pair of them. Unno\-ticed by either, he seized the bowl that contained the pod and be\-gan to try and open it by the noisiest and most energetic means he could think of; unfortunately, he could still hear every word of their conversation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were going to ask me?\rdblquote  asked Ron, in a completely differ\-ent voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione angrily. \ldblquote But obviously if you\rquote d rather I \i hooked up with McLaggen \i0\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause while Harry continued to pound the resilient pod with a trowel.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I wouldn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Ron, in a very quiet voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry missed the pod, hit the bowl, and shattered it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Reparo,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he said hastily, poking the pieces with his wand, and the bowl sprang back together again. The crash, however, appeared to have awoken Ron and Hermione to Harry\rquote s presence. Hermione\lang3081  \lang1033 looked flustered and immediately started fussing about for her copy of\lang3081  \lang1033\i Flesh-Eating Trees of the World\i0  to find out the correct way to juice Snargaluff pods; Ron, on the other hand, looked sheepish but also rather pleased with himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hand that over, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione hurriedly. \ldblquote It says we\rquote re supposed to puncture them with something sharp. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry passed her the pod in the bowl; he and Ron both snapped their goggles back over their eyes and dived, once more, for the stump.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was not as though he was really surprised, thought Harry, as he wrestled with a thorny vine intent upon throttling him; he had had an inkling that this might happen sooner or later. But he was not sure how he felt about it. \'85 He and Cho were now too em\-barrassed to look at each other, let alone talk to each other; what if Ron and Hermione started going out together, then split up? Could their friendship survive it? Harry remembered the few weeks when they had not been talking to each other in the third year; he had not enjoyed trying to bridge the distance between them. And then, what if they didn\rquote t split up? What if they became like Bill and Fleur, and it became excruciatingly embarrassing to be in their presence, so that he was shut out for good?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gotcha!\rdblquote  yelled Ron, pulling a second pod from the stump just as Hermione managed to burst the first one open, so that the bowl was full of tubers wriggling like pale green worms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The rest of the lesson passed without further mention of Slughorn\rquote s party. Although Harry watched his two friends more closely over the next few days, Ron and Hermione did not seem any different except that they were a little politer to each other than usual. Harry supposed he would just have to wait to see what\lang3081  \lang1033 happened under the influence of butterbeer in Slughorn\rquote s dimly lit room on the night of the party. In the meantime, however, he had more pressing worries.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Katie Bell was still in St. Mungo\rquote s Hospital with no prospect of leaving, which meant that the promising Gryffindor team Harry had been training so carefully since September was one Chaser short. He kept putting off replacing Katie in the hope that she would return, but their opening match against Slytherin was loom\-ing, and he finally had to accept that she would not be back in time to play.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not think he could stand another full-House tryout. With a sinking feeling that had little to do with Quidditch, he cor\-nered Dean Thomas after Transfiguration one day. Most of the class had already left, although several twittering yellow birds were still zooming around the room, all of Hermione\rquote s creation; nobody else had succeeded in conjuring so much as a feather from thin air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you still interested in playing Chaser?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wha \emdash  ? Yeah, of course!\rdblquote  said Dean excitedly. Over Dean\rquote s shoulder, Harry saw Seamus Finnigan slamming his books into his bag, looking sour. One of the reasons why Harry would have pre\-ferred not to have to ask Dean to play was that he knew Seamus would not like it. On the other hand, he had to do what was best for the team, and Dean had outflown Seamus at the tryouts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well then, you\rquote re in,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote There\rquote s a practice tonight, seven o\rquote clock.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Dean. \ldblquote Cheers, Harry! Blimey, I can\rquote t wait to tell Ginny!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sprinted out of the room, leaving Harry and Seamus alone together, an uncomfortable moment made no easier when a bird\lang3081  \lang1033 dropping landed on Seamus\rquote s head as one of Hermione\rquote s canaries whizzed over them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seamus was not the only person disgruntled by the choice of Katie\rquote s substitute. There was much muttering in the common room about the fact that Harry had now chosen two of his class\-mates for the team. As Harry had endured much worse mutterings than this in his school career, he was not particularly bothered, but all the same, the pressure was increasing to provide a win in the upcoming match against Slytherin. If Gryffindor won, Harry knew that the whole House would forget that they had criticized him and swear that they had always known it was a great team. If they lost\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well, Harry thought wryly, he had still endured worse mutterings. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had no reason to regret his choice once he saw Dean fly that evening; he worked well with Ginny and Demelza. The Beat\-ers, Peakes and Coote, were getting better all the time. The only problem was Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had known all along that Ron was an inconsistent player who suffered from nerves and a lack of confidence, and unfortu\-nately, the looming prospect of the opening game of the season seemed to have brought out all his old insecurities. After letting in half a dozen goals, most of them scored by Ginny, his technique became wilder and wilder, until he finally punched an oncoming Demelza Robins in the mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was an accident, I\rquote m sorry, Demelza, really sorry!\rdblquote  Ron shouted after her as she zigzagged back to the ground, dripping blood everywhere. \ldblquote I just \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Panicked,\rdblquote  Ginny said angrily, landing next to Demelza and ex\-amining her fat lip. \ldblquote You prat, Ron, look at the state of her!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can fix that,\rdblquote  said Harry, landing beside the two girls, pointing his wand at Demelza\rquote s mouth, and saying \ldblquote\i Episkey.\i0\rdblquote  \ldblquote And Ginny, don\rquote t call Ron a prat, you\rquote re not the Captain of this team \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you seemed too busy to call him a prat and I thought someone should \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry forced himself not to laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In the air, everyone, let\rquote s go. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Overall it was one of the worst practices they had had all term, though Harry did not feel that honesty was the best policy when they were this close to the match.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good work, everyone, I think we\rquote ll flatten Slytherin,\rdblquote  he said bracingly and the Chasers and Beaters left the changing room looking reasonably happy with themselves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I played like a sack of dragon dung,\rdblquote  said Ron in a hollow voice when the door had swung shut behind Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, you didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly. \ldblquote You\rquote re the best Keeper I tried out, Ron. Your only problem is nerves.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He kept up a relentless flow of encouragement all the way back to the castle, and by the time they reached the second floor, Ron was looking marginally more cheerful. When Harry pushed open the tapestry to take their usual shortcut up to Gryffindor Tower, however, they found themselves looking at Dean and Ginny, who were locked in a close embrace and kissing fiercely as though glued together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was as though something large and scaly erupted into life in Harry\rquote s stomach, clawing at his insides: Hot blood seemed to flood his brain, so that all thought was extinguished, replaced by a savage urge to jinx Dean into a jelly. Wrestling with this sudden madness, he heard Ron\rquote s voice as though from a great distance away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oi!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dean and Ginny broke apart and looked around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want to find my own sister snogging people in public!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This was a deserted corridor till you came butting in!\rdblquote  said Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dean was looking embarrassed. He gave Harry a shifty grin that Harry did not return, as the newborn monster inside him was roar\-ing for Dean\rquote s instant dismissal from the team.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85 c\rquote mon, Ginny,\rdblquote  said Dean, \ldblquote let\rquote s go back to the common room. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You go!\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote I want a word with my dear brother!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dean left, looking as though he was not sorry to depart the scene.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Ginny, tossing her long red hair out of her face and glaring at Ron, \ldblquote let\rquote s get this straight once and for all. It is none of your business who I go out with or what I do with them, Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it is!\rdblquote  said Ron, just as angrily. \ldblquote D\rquote you think I want peo\-ple saying my sister\rquote s a \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A what?\rdblquote  shouted Ginny, drawing her wand. \ldblquote A \i what,\i0  exactly?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He doesn\rquote t mean anything, Ginny\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote  said Harry automati\-cally, though the monster was roaring its approval of Ron\rquote s words.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes he does!\rdblquote  she said, flaring up at Harry. \ldblquote Just because \i he\rquote s\i0  never snogged anyone in his life, just because the best kiss \i he\rquote s\i0  ever had is from our Auntie Muriel \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut your mouth!\rdblquote  bellowed Ron, bypassing red and turning maroon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I will not!\rdblquote  yelled Ginny, beside herself. \ldblquote I\rquote ve seen you with Phlegm, hoping she\rquote ll kiss you on the cheek every time you see her,\lang3081  \lang1033 it\rquote s pathetic! If you went out and got a bit of snogging done your\-self, you wouldn\rquote t mind so much that everyone else does it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had pulled out his wand too; Harry stepped swiftly between them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t know what you\rquote re talking about!\rdblquote  Ron roared, trying to get a clear shot at Ginny around Harry, who was now standing in front of her with his arms outstretched. \ldblquote Just because I don\rquote t do it in public \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny screamed with derisive laughter, trying to push Harry out of the way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Been kissing Pigwidgeon, have you? Or have you got a picture of Auntie Muriel stashed under your pillow?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A streak of orange light flew under Harry\rquote s left arm and missed Ginny by inches; Harry pushed Ron up against the wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be stupid \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry\rquote s snogged Cho Chang!\rdblquote  shouted Ginny, who sounded close to tears now. \ldblquote And Hermione snogged Viktor Krum, it\rquote s only you who acts like it\rquote s something disgusting, Ron, and that\rquote s because you\rquote ve got about as much experience as a twelve-year-old!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And with that, she stormed away. Harry quickly let go of Ron; the look on his face was murderous. They both stood there, breath\-ing heavily, until Mrs. Norris, Filch\rquote s cat, appeared around the cor\-ner, which broke the tension.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C\rquote mon,\rdblquote  said Harry, as the sound of Filch\rquote s shuffling feet reached their ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They hurried up the stairs and along a seventh-floor corridor. \ldblquote Oi, out of the way!\rdblquote  Ron barked at a small girl who jumped in fright and dropped a bottle of toadspawn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hardly noticed the sound of shattering glass; he felt dis\-oriented, dizzy; being struck by a lightning bolt must be something like this. \i It\rquote s just because she\rquote s Ron\rquote s sister, \i0 he told himself. \i You just didn\rquote t like seeing her kissing Dean because she\rquote s Ron\rquote s sister. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 But unbidden into his mind came an image of that same de\-serted corridor with himself kissing Ginny instead. \'85 The mon\-ster in his chest purred \'85 but then he saw Ron ripping open the tapestry curtain and drawing his wand on Harry, shouting things like \ldblquote betrayal of trust\rdblquote  \'85 \ldblquote supposed to be my friend\rdblquote  \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you think Hermione did snog Krum?\rdblquote  Ron asked abruptly, as they approached the Fat Lady. Harry gave a guilty start and wrenched his imagination away from a corridor in which no Ron intruded, in which he and Ginny were quite alone \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  he said confusedly. \ldblquote Oh \'85 er \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The honest answer was \ldblquote yes,\rdblquote  but he did not want to give it. However, Ron seemed to gather the worst from the look on Harry\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dilligrout,\rdblquote  he said darkly to the Fat Lady, and they climbed through the portrait hole into the common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neither of them mentioned Ginny or Hermione again; indeed, they barely spoke to each other that evening and got into bed in si\-lence, each absorbed in his own thoughts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry lay awake for a long time, looking up at the canopy of his four-poster and trying to convince himself that his feelings for Ginny were entirely elder-brotherly. They had lived, had they not, like brother and sister all summer, playing Quidditch, teasing Ron, and having a laugh about Bill and Phlegm? He had known Ginny for years now. \'85 It was natural that he should feel protective \'85 natural that he should want to look out for her \'85 want to rip\lang3081  \lang1033 Dean limb from limb for kissing her \'85 No \'85 he would have to control that particular brotherly feeling. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron gave a great grunting snore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i She\rquote s Ron\rquote s sister,\i0  Harry told himself firmly. \i Ron\rquote s sister. She\rquote s out-of-bounds.\i0  He would not risk his friendship with Ron for anything. He punched his pillow into a more comfortable shape and waited for sleep to come, trying his utmost not to allow his thoughts to stray anywhere near Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry awoke next morning feeling slightly dazed and confused by a series of dreams in which Ron had chased him with a Beater\rquote s bat, but by midday he would have happily exchanged the dream Ron for the real one, who was not only cold-shouldering Ginny and Dean, but also treating a hurt and bewildered Hermione with an icy, sneering indifference. What was more, Ron seemed to have become, overnight, as touchy and ready to lash out as the average Blast-Ended Skrewt. Harry spent the day attempting to keep the peace between Ron and Hermione with no success; finally, Hermi\-one departed for bed in high dudgeon, and Ron stalked off to the boys\rquote  dormitory after swearing angrily at several frightened first years for looking at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To Harry\rquote s dismay, Ron\rquote s new aggression did not wear off over the next few days. Worse still, it coincided with an even deeper dip in his Keeping skills, which made him still more aggressive, so that during the final Quidditch practice before Saturday\rquote s match, he failed to save every single goal the Chasers aimed at him, but bellowed at everybody so much that he reduced Demelza Robins to tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You shut up and leave her alone!\rdblquote  shouted Peakes, who was about two-thirds Ron\rquote s height, though admittedly carrying a heavy bat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote ENOUGH!\rdblquote  bellowed Harry, who had seen Ginny glowering in Ron\rquote s direction and, remembering her reputation as an accom\-plished caster of the Bat-Bogey Hex, soared over to intervene be\-fore things got out of hand. \ldblquote Peakes, go and pack up the Bludgers. Demelza, pull yourself together, you played really well today. Ron \'85\rdblquote  he waited until the rest of the team were out of earshot before saying it, \ldblquote you\rquote re my best mate, but carry on treating the rest of them like this and I\rquote m going to kick you off the team.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He really thought for a moment that Ron might hit him, but then something much worse happened: Ron seemed to sag on his broom; all the fight went out of him and he said, \ldblquote I resign. I\rquote m pathetic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not pathetic and you\rquote re not resigning!\rdblquote  said Harry fiercely, seizing Ron by the front of his robes. \ldblquote You can save any\-thing when you\rquote re on form, it\rquote s a mental problem you\rquote ve got!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You calling me mental?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, maybe I am!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They glared at each other for a moment, then Ron shook his head wearily. \ldblquote I know you haven\rquote t got any time to find another Keeper, so I\rquote ll play tomorrow, but if we lose, and we will, I\rquote m tak\-ing myself off the team.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nothing Harry said made any difference. He tried boosting Ron\rquote s confidence all through dinner, but Ron was too busy being grumpy and surly with Hermione to notice. Harry persisted in the common room that evening, but his assertion that the whole team would be devastated if Ron left was somewhat undermined by the fact that the rest of the team was sitting in a huddle in a distant corner, clearly muttering about Ron and casting him nasty looks. Finally Harry tried getting angry again in the hope\lang3081  \lang1033 of provoking Ron into a defiant, and hopefully goal-saving, attitude, but this strategy did not appear to work any better than encouragement; Ron went to bed as dejected and hopeless as ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry lay awake for a very long time in the darkness. He did not want to lose the upcoming match; not only was it his first as Cap\-tain, but he was determined to beat Draco Malfoy at Quidditch even if he could not yet prove his suspicions about him. Yet if Ron played as he had done in the last few practices, their chances of winning were very slim. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If only there was something he could do to make Ron pull him\-self together \'85 make him play at the top of his form \'85 some\-thing that would ensure that Ron had a really good day. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And the answer came to Harry in one, sudden, glorious stroke of inspiration.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Breakfast was the usual excitable affair next morning; the Slytherins hissed and booed loudly as every member of the Gryffin\-dor team entered the Great Hall. Harry glanced at the ceiling and saw a clear, pale blue sky: a good omen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Gryffindor table, a solid mass of red and gold, cheered as Harry and Ron approached. Harry grinned and waved; Ron gri\-maced weakly and shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cheer up, Ron!\rdblquote  called Lavender. \ldblquote I know you\rquote ll be brilliant!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron ignored her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tea?\rdblquote  Harry asked him. \ldblquote Coffee? Pumpkin juice?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anything,\rdblquote  said Ron glumly, taking a moody bite of toast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few minutes later Hermione, who had become so tired of Ron\rquote s recent unpleasant behavior that she had not come down to breakfast with them, paused on her way up the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are you both feeling?\rdblquote  she asked tentatively, her eyes on the back of Ron\rquote s head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  said Harry, who was concentrating on handing Ron a glass of pumpkin juice. \ldblquote There you go, Ron. Drink up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had just raised the glass to his lips when Hermione spoke sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t drink that, Ron!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Both Harry and Ron looked up at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was now staring at Harry as though she could not be\-lieve her eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You just put something in that drink.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You heard me. I saw you. You just tipped something into Ron\rquote s drink. You\rquote ve got the bottle in your hand right now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know what you\rquote re talking about,\rdblquote  said Harry, stowing the little bottle hastily in his pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, I warn you, don\rquote t drink it!\rdblquote  Hermione said again, alarmed, but Ron picked up the glass, drained it in one gulp, and said, \ldblquote Stop bossing me around, Hermione.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked scandalized. Bending low so that only Harry could hear her, she hissed, \ldblquote You should be expelled for that. I\rquote d never have believed it of you, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hark who\rquote s talking,\rdblquote  he whispered back. \ldblquote Confunded anyone lately?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stormed up the table away from them. Harry watched her go without regret. Hermione had never really understood what a serious business Quidditch was. He then looked around at Ron, who was smacking his lips.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nearly time,\rdblquote  said Harry blithely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The frosty grass crunched underfoot as they strode down to the stadium.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pretty lucky the weather\rquote s this good, eh?\rdblquote  Harry asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was pale and sick-looking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny and Demelza were already wearing their Quidditch robes and waiting in the changing room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Conditions look ideal,\rdblquote  said Ginny, ignoring Ron. \ldblquote And guess what? That Slytherin Chaser Vaisey \emdash  he took a Bludger in the head yesterday during their practice, and he\rquote s too sore to play! And even better than that \emdash  Malfoy\rquote s gone off sick too!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry, wheeling around to stare at her. \ldblquote He\rquote s ill? What\rquote s wrong with him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No idea, but it\rquote s great for us,\rdblquote  said Ginny brightly. \ldblquote They\rquote re playing Harper instead; he\rquote s in my year and he\rquote s an idiot.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry smiled back vaguely, but as he pulled on his scarlet robes his mind was far from Quidditch. Malfoy had once before claimed he could not play due to injury, but on that occasion he had made sure the whole match was rescheduled for a time that suited the Slytherins better. Why was he now happy to let a substitute go on? Was he really ill, or was he faking?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fishy, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  he said in an undertone to Ron. \ldblquote Malfoy not playing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lucky, I call it,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking slightly more animated. \ldblquote And Vaisey off too, he\rquote s their best goal scorer, I didn\rquote t fancy \emdash  hey!\rdblquote  he said suddenly, freezing halfway through pulling on his Keeper\rquote s gloves and staring at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85 you \'85\rdblquote  Ron had dropped his voice, he looked both scared and excited. \ldblquote My drink \'85 my pumpkin juice \'85 you didn\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry raised his eyebrows, but said nothing except, \ldblquote We\rquote ll be starting in about five minutes, you\rquote d better get your boots on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They walked out onto the pitch to tumultuous roars and boos. One end of the stadium was solid red and gold; the other, a sea of green and silver. Many Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws had taken sides too: Amidst all the yelling and clapping Harry could distinctly hear the roar of Luna Lovegood\rquote s famous lion-topped hat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stepped up to Madam Hooch, the referee, who was stand\-ing ready to release the balls from the crate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Captains shake hands,\rdblquote  she said, and Harry had his hand crushed by the new Slytherin Captain, Urquhart. \ldblquote Mount your brooms. On the whistle \'85 three \'85 two \'85 one \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The whistle sounded, Harry and the others kicked off hard from the frozen ground, and they were away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry soared around the perimeter of the grounds, looking around for the Snitch and keeping one eye on Harper, who was zigzagging far below him. Then a voice that was jarringly different to the usual commentator\rquote s started up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, there they go, and I think we\rquote re all surprised to see the team that Potter\rquote s put together this year. Many thought, given Ronald Weasley\rquote s patchy performance as Keeper last year, that he might be off the team, but of course, a close personal friendship with the Captain does help. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 These words were greeted with jeers and applause from the Slytherin end of the pitch. Harry craned around on his broom to\lang3081  \lang1033 look toward the commentator\rquote s podium. A tall, skinny blond boy with an upturned nose was standing there, talking into the magical megaphone that had once been Lee Jordan\rquote s; Harry recognized Zacharias Smith, a Hufflepuff player whom he heartily disliked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, and here comes Slytherin\rquote s first attempt on goal, it\rquote s Urquhart streaking down the pitch and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s stomach turned over.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  Weasley saves it, well, he\rquote s bound to get lucky sometimes, I suppose. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right, Smith, he is,\rdblquote  muttered Harry, grinning to him\-self, as he dived amongst the Chasers with his eyes searching all around for some hint of the elusive Snitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With half an hour of the game gone, Gryffindor were leading sixty points to zero, Ron having made some truly spectacular saves, some by the very tips of his gloves, and Ginny having scored four of Gryffindor\rquote s six goals. This effectively stopped Zacharias won\-dering loudly whether the two Weasleys were only there because Harry liked them, and he started on Peakes and Coote instead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, Coote isn\rquote t really the usual build for a Beater,\rdblquote  said Zacharias loftily, \ldblquote they\rquote ve generally got a bit more muscle \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hit a Bludger at him!\rdblquote  Harry called to Coote as he zoomed past, but Coote, grinning broadly, chose to aim the next Bludger at Harper instead, who was just passing Harry in the opposite direc\-tion. Harry was pleased to hear the dull thunk that meant the Bludger had found its mark.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It seemed as though Gryffindor could do no wrong. Again and again they scored, and again and again, at the other end of the pitch, Ron saved goals with apparent ease. He was actually smiling now, and when the crowd greeted a particularly good save with a\lang3081  \lang1033 rousing chorus of the old favorite \ldblquote Weasley Is Our King,\rdblquote  he pre\-tended to conduct them from on high.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thinks he\rquote s something special today, doesn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said a snide voice, and Harry was nearly knocked off his broom as Harper col\-lided with him hard and deliberately. \ldblquote Your blood-traitor pal\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Hooch\rquote s back was turned, and though Gryffindors be\-low shouted in anger, by the time she looked around, Harper had already sped off. His shoulder aching, Harry raced after him, de\-termined to ram him back. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And I think Harper of Slytherin\rquote s seen the Snitch!\rdblquote  said Zacharias Smith through his megaphone. \ldblquote Yes, he\rquote s certainly seen something Potter hasn\rquote t!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Smith really was an idiot, thought Harry, hadn\rquote t he noticed them collide? But next moment, his stomach seemed to drop out of the sky \emdash  Smith was right and Harry was wrong: Harper had not sped upward at random; he had spotted what Harry had not: The Snitch was speeding along high above them, glinting brightly against the clear blue sky.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry accelerated; the wind was whistling in his ears so that it drowned all sound of Smith\rquote s commentary or the crowd, but Harper was still ahead of him, and Gryffindor was only a hundred points up; if Harper got there first Gryffindor had lost\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and now Harper was feet from it, his hand outstretched. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oi, Harper!\rdblquote  yelled Harry in desperation. \ldblquote How much did Malfoy pay you to come on instead of him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not know what made him say it, but Harper did a dou\-ble-take; he fumbled the Snitch, let it slip through his fingers, and shot right past it. Harry made a great swipe for the tiny, fluttering ball and caught it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote YES!\rdblquote  Harry yelled. Wheeling around, he hurtled back toward the ground, the Snitch held high in his hand. As the crowd realized what had happened, a great shout went up that almost drowned the sound of the whistle that signaled the end of the game.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny, where\rquote re you going?\rdblquote  yelled Harry, who had found him\-self trapped in the midst of a mass midair hug with the rest of the team, but Ginny sped right on past them until, with an almighty crash, she collided with the commentator\rquote s podium. As the crowd shrieked and laughed, the Gryffindor team landed beside the wreckage of wood under which Zacharias was feebly stirring; Harry heard Ginny saying blithely to an irate Professor McGona\-gall, \ldblquote Forgot to brake, Professor, sorry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Laughing, Harry broke free of the rest of the team and hugged Ginny, but let go very quickly. Avoiding her gaze, he clapped a cheering Ron on the back instead as, all enmity forgotten, the Gryffindor team left the pitch arm in arm, punching the air and waving to their supporters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The atmosphere in the changing room was jubilant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Party up in the common room, Seamus said!\rdblquote  yelled Dean exu\-berantly. \ldblquote C\rquote mon, Ginny, Demelza!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Harry were the last two in the changing room. They were just about to leave when Hermione entered. She was twisting her Gryffindor scarf in her hands and looked upset but determined.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want a word with you, Harry.\rdblquote  She took a deep breath. \ldblquote You shouldn\rquote t have done it. You heard Slughorn, it\rquote s illegal.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you going to do, turn us in?\rdblquote  demanded Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you two talking about?\rdblquote  asked Harry, turning away to hang up his robes so that neither of them would see him grinning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know perfectly well what we\rquote re talking about!\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one shrilly. \ldblquote You spiked Ron\rquote s juice with lucky potion at breakfast! Felix Felicis!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry, turning back to face them both.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes you did, Harry, and that\rquote s why everything went right, there were Slytherin players missing and Ron saved everything!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t put it in!\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning broadly. He slipped his hand inside his jacket pocket and drew out the tiny bottle that Hermione had seen in his hand that morning. It was full of golden potion and the cork was still tightly sealed with wax. \ldblquote I wanted Ron to think I\rquote d done it, so I faked it when I knew you were look\-ing.\rdblquote  He looked at Ron. \ldblquote You saved everything because you felt lucky. You did it all yourself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pocketed the potion again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There really wasn\rquote t anything in my pumpkin juice?\rdblquote  Ron said, astounded. \ldblquote But the weather\rquote s good \'85 and Vaisey couldn\rquote t play. \'85 I honestly haven\rquote t been given lucky potion?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shook his head. Ron gaped at him for a moment, then rounded on Hermione, imitating her voice. \ldblquote\i You added Felix Felicis to Ron\rquote s juice this morning, that\rquote s why he saved everything\i0 ! See! I can save goals without help, Hermione!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I never said you couldn\rquote t \emdash  Ron, \i you\i0  thought you\rquote d been given it too!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ron had already strode past her out of the door with his broomstick over his shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Harry into the sudden silence; he had not expected his plan to backfire like this, \ldblquote shall \'85 shall we go up to the party, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You go!\rdblquote  said Hermione, blinking back tears. \ldblquote I\rquote m \i sick\i0  of Ron at the moment, I don\rquote t know what I\rquote m supposed to have done. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she stormed out of the changing room too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry walked slowly back up the grounds toward the castle through the crowd, many of whom shouted congratulations at him, but he felt a great sense of letdown; he had been sure that if Ron won the match, he and Hermione would be friends again im\-mediately. He did not see how he could possibly explain to Hermi\-one that what she had done to offend Ron was kiss Viktor Krum, not when the offense had occurred so long ago.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not see Hermione at the Gryffindor celebration party, which was in full swing when he arrived. Renewed cheers and clapping greeted his appearance, and he was soon surrounded by a mob of people congratulating him. What with trying to shake off the Creevey brothers, who wanted a blow-by-blow match analysis, and the large group of girls that encircled him, laughing at his least amusing comments and batting their eyelids, it was some time before he could try and find Ron. At last, he extricated him\-self from Romilda Vane, who was hinting heavily that she would like to go to Slughorn\rquote s Christmas party with him. As he was duck\-ing toward the drinks table, he walked straight into Ginny, Arnold the Pygmy Puff riding on her shoulder and Crookshanks mewing hopefully at her heels.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Looking for Ron?\rdblquote  she asked, smirking. \ldblquote He\rquote s over there, the filthy hypocrite.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked into the corner she was indicating. There, in full view of the whole room, stood Ron wrapped so closely around Lavender Brown it was hard to tell whose hands were whose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It looks like he\rquote s eating her face, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Ginny dispas\-sionately. \ldblquote But I suppose he\rquote s got to refine his technique somehow. Good game, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She patted him on the arm; Harry felt a swooping sensation in his stomach, but then she walked off to help herself to more butterbeer. Crookshanks trotted after her, his yellow eyes fixed upon Arnold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned away from Ron, who did not look like he would be surfacing soon, just as the portrait hole was closing. With a sink\-ing feeling, he thought he saw a mane of bushy brown hair whip\-ping out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He darted forward, sidestepped Romilda Vane again, and pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady. The corridor outside seemed to be deserted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He found her in the first unlocked classroom he tried. She was sitting on the teacher\rquote s desk, alone except for a small ring of twit\-tering yellow birds circling her head, which she had clearly just conjured out of midair. Harry could not help admiring her spell-work at a time like this.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, hello, Harry,\rdblquote  she said in a brittle voice. \ldblquote I was just prac\-ticing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 they\rquote re \emdash  er \emdash  really good. \'85\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had no idea what to say to her. He was just wondering whether there was any chance that she had not noticed Ron, that she had merely left the room because the party was a little too rowdy, when she said, in an unnaturally high-pitched voice, \ldblquote Ron seems to be enjoying the celebrations.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \'85 does he?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t pretend you didn\rquote t see him,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote He wasn\rquote t exactly hiding it, was \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door behind them burst open. To Harry\rquote s horror, Ron came in, laughing, pulling Lavender by the hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  he said, drawing up short at the sight of Harry and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oops!\rdblquote  said Lavender, and she backed out of the room, gig\-gling. The door swung shut behind her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a horrible, swelling, billowing silence. Hermione was staring at Ron, who refused to look at her, but said with an odd mixture of bravado and awkwardness, \ldblquote Hi, Harry! Wondered where you\rquote d got to!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione slid off the desk. The little flock of golden birds con\-tinued to twitter in circles around her head so that she looked like a strange, feathery model of the solar system.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You shouldn\rquote t leave Lavender waiting outside,\rdblquote  she said quietly. \ldblquote She\rquote ll wonder where you\rquote ve gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She walked very slowly and erectly toward the door. Harry glanced at Ron, who was looking relieved that nothing worse had happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Oppugno\i0 !\rdblquote  came a shriek from the doorway.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry spun around to see Hermione pointing her wand at Ron, her expression wild: The little flock of birds was speeding like a hail of fat golden bullets toward Ron, who yelped and covered his face with his hands, but the birds attacked, pecking and clawing at every bit of flesh they could reach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gerremoffme!\rdblquote  he yelled, but with one last look of vindictive fury, Hermione wrenched open the door and disappeared through it. Harry thought he heard a sob before it slammed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 15\par
\pard\qc The Unbreakable Vow\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Snow was swirling against the icy windows once more;\lang3081  \lang1033 Christ\-mas was approaching fast. Hagrid had already single-handedly delivered the usual twelve Christmas trees for the Great Hall; gar\-lands of holly and tinsel had been twisted around the banisters of the stairs; everlasting candles glowed from inside the helmets of suits of armor and great bunches of mistletoe had been hung at in\-tervals along the corridors. Large groups of girls tended to converge underneath the mistletoe bunches every time Harry went past, which caused blockages in the corridors; fortunately, however, Harry\rquote s frequent nighttime wanderings had given him an unusually good knowledge of the castle\rquote s secret passageways, so that he was able, without too much difficulty, to navigate mistletoe-free routes between classes.\par
Ron, who might once have found the necessity of these detours a cause for jealousy rather than hilarity, simply roared with laugh\-ter about it all. Although Harry much preferred this new laughing,\lang3081  \lang1033 joking Ron to the moody, aggressive model he had been enduring for the last few weeks, the improved Ron came at a heavy price. Firstly, Harry had to put up with the frequent presence of Laven\-der Brown, who seemed to regard any moment that she was not kissing Ron as a moment wasted; and secondly, Harry found him\-self once more the best friend of two people who seemed unlikely ever to speak to each other again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron, whose hands and forearms still bore scratches and cuts from Hermione\rquote s bird attack, was taking a defensive and resentful tone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She can\rquote t complain,\rdblquote  he told Harry. \ldblquote She snogged Krum. So she\rquote s found out someone wants to snog me too. Well, it\rquote s a free country. I haven\rquote t done anything wrong.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer, but pretended to be absorbed in the book they were supposed to have read before Charms next morning (\i Quintessence\i0 : \i A Quest\i0 ). Determined as he was to remain friends with both Ron and Hermione, he was spending a lot of time with his mouth shut tight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I never promised Hermione anything,\rdblquote  Ron mumbled. \ldblquote I mean, all right, I was going to go to Slughorn\rquote s Christmas party with her, but she never said \'85 just as friends \'85 I\rquote m a free agent. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned a page of \i Quintessence,\i0  aware that Ron was watch\-ing him. Ron\rquote s voice tailed away in mutters, barely audible over the loud crackling of the fire, though Harry thought he caught the words \ldblquote Krum\rdblquote  and \ldblquote can\rquote t complain\rdblquote  again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s schedule was so full that Harry could only talk to her properly in the evenings, when Ron was, in any case, so tightly\lang3081  \lang1033 wrapped around Lavender that he did not notice what Harry was doing. Hermione refused to sit in the common room while Ron was there, so Harry generally joined her in the library, which meant that their conversations were held in whispers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s at perfect liberty to kiss whomever he likes,\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one, while the librarian, Madam Pince, prowled the shelves behind them. \ldblquote I really couldn\rquote t care less.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She raised her quill and dotted an \i i \i0 so ferociously that she punc\-tured a hole in her parchment. Harry said nothing. He thought his voice might soon vanish from lack of use. He bent a little lower over \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  and continued to make notes on Everlasting Elixirs, occasionally pausing to decipher the Prince\rquote s useful additions to Libatius Borage\rquote s text.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And incidentally,\rdblquote  said Hermione, after a few moments, \ldblquote you need to be careful.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For the last time,\rdblquote  said Harry, speaking in a slightly hoarse whisper after three-quarters of an hour of silence, \ldblquote I am not giving back this book, I\rquote ve learned more from the Half-Blood Prince than Snape or Slughorn have taught me in \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not talking about your stupid so-called Prince,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione, giving his book a nasty look as though it had been rude to her. \ldblquote I\rquote m talking about earlier. I went into the girls\rquote  bathroom just before I came in here and there were about a dozen girls in there, including that Romilda Vane, trying to decide how to slip you a love potion. They\rquote re all hoping they\rquote re going to get you to take them to Slughorn\rquote s party, and they all seem to have bought Fred and George\rquote s love potions, which I\rquote m afraid to say probably work \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why didn\rquote t you confiscate them then?\rdblquote  demanded Harry. It seemed extraordinary that Hermione\rquote s mania for upholding rules could have abandoned her at this crucial juncture.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They didn\rquote t have the potions with them in the bathroom,\rdblquote  said Hermione scornfully. \ldblquote They were just discussing tactics. As I doubt whether even the \i Half-Blood Prince\i0\rdblquote  \emdash  she gave the book another nasty look\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  \ldblquote could dream up an antidote for a dozen different love potions at once, I\rquote d just invite someone to go with you, that\rquote ll stop all the others thinking they\rquote ve still got a chance. It\rquote s tomorrow night, they\rquote re getting desperate.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There isn\rquote t anyone I want to invite,\rdblquote  mumbled Harry, who was still trying not to think about Ginny any more than he could help, despite the fact that she kept cropping up in his dreams in ways that made him devoutly thankful that Ron could not perform Legilimency.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, just be careful what you drink, because Romilda Vane looked like she meant business,\rdblquote  said Hermione grimly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She hitched up the long roll of parchment on which she was writing her Arithmancy essay and continued to scratch away with her quill. Harry watched her with his mind a long way away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on a moment,\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote I thought Filch had banned anything bought at Weasleys\rquote  Wizard Wheezes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And when has anyone ever paid attention to what Filch has banned?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, still concentrating on her essay.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I thought all the owls were being searched. So how come these girls are able to bring love potions into school?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fred and George send them disguised as perfumes and cough potions,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote It\rquote s part of their Owl Order Service.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know a lot about it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione gave him the kind of nasty look she had just given his copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was all on the back of the bottles they showed Ginny and me in the summer,\rdblquote  she said coldly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t go around putting potions in people\rquote s drinks \'85 or pretending to, either, which is just as bad. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, never mind that,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote The point is, Filch is being fooled, isn\rquote t he? These girls are getting stuff into the school disguised as something else! So why couldn\rquote t Malfoy have brought the necklace into the school \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Harry \'85 not that again \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, why not?\rdblquote  demanded Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  sighed Hermione, \ldblquote Secrecy Sensors detect jinxes, curses, and concealment charms, don\rquote t they? They\rquote re used to find Dark Magic and Dark objects. They\rquote d have picked up a powerful curse, like the one on that necklace, within seconds. But something that\rquote s just been put in the wrong bottle wouldn\rquote t register \emdash  and anyway, love potions aren\rquote t Dark or dangerous \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Easy for you to say,\rdblquote  muttered Harry, thinking of Romilda Vane.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  so it would be down to Filch to realize it wasn\rquote t a cough po\-tion, and he\rquote s not a very good wizard, I doubt he can tell one po\-tion from \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione stopped dead; Harry had heard it too. Somebody had moved close behind them among the dark bookshelves. They waited, and a moment later the vulturelike countenance of Madam Pince appeared around the corner, her sunken cheeks, her skin like parchment, and her long hooked nose illuminated unflatteringly by the lamp she was carrying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The library is now closed,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Mind you return any\-thing you have borrowed to the correct \emdash  \i what have you been do\-ing to that book, you depraved boy\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It isn\rquote t the library\rquote s, it\rquote s mine!\rdblquote  said Harry hastily, snatching his copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  off the table as she lunged at it with a clawlike hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Despoiled!\rdblquote  she hissed. \ldblquote Desecrated! Befouled!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s just a book that\rquote s been written on!\rdblquote  said Harry, tugging it out of her grip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked as though she might have a seizure; Hermione, who had hastily packed her things, grabbed Harry by the arm and frog\-marched him away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote ll ban you from the library if you\rquote re not careful. Why did you have to bring that stupid book?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not my fault she\rquote s barking mad, Hermione. Or d\rquote you think she overheard you being rude about Filch? I\rquote ve always thought there might be something going on between them. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, ha ha \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Enjoying the fact that they could speak normally again, they made their way along the deserted, lamp-lit corridors back to the common room, arguing about whether or not Filch and Madam Pince were secretly in love with each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Baubles,\rdblquote  said Harry to the Fat Lady, this being the new, festive password.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Same to you,\rdblquote  said the Fat Lady with a roguish grin, and she swung forward to admit them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Harry!\rdblquote  said Romilda Vane, the moment he had climbed through the portrait hole. \ldblquote Fancy a gillywater?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione gave him a \ldblquote what-did-I-tell-you?\rdblquote  look over her shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t like it much.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, take these anyway,\rdblquote  said Romilda, thrusting a box into his hands. \ldblquote Chocolate Cauldrons, they\rquote ve got firewhisky in them. My gran sent them to me, but I don\rquote t like them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  right \emdash  thanks a lot,\rdblquote  said Harry, who could not think what else to say. \ldblquote Er \emdash  I\rquote m just going over here with \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He hurried off behind Hermione, his voice tailing away feebly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Told you,\rdblquote  said Hermione succinctly. \ldblquote Sooner you ask some\-one, sooner they\rquote ll all leave you alone and you can \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But her face suddenly turned blank; she had just spotted Ron and Lavender, who were entwined in the same armchair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, good night, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, though it was only seven o\rquote clock in the evening, and she left for the girls\rquote  dormitory without another word.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry went to bed comforting himself that there was only one more day of lessons to struggle through, plus Slughorn\rquote s party, after which he and Ron would depart together for the Burrow. It now seemed impossible that Ron and Hermione would make up with each other before the holidays began, but perhaps, somehow, the break would give them time to calm down, think better of their behavior. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But his hopes were not high, and they sank still lower after en\-during a Transfiguration lesson with them both next day. They had just embarked upon the immensely difficult topic of human Trans\-figuration; working in front of mirrors, they were supposed to be changing the color of their own eyebrows. Hermione laughed\lang3081  \lang1033 unkindly at Ron\rquote s disastrous first attempt, during which he some\-how managed to give himself a spectacular handlebar mustache; Ron retaliated by doing a cruel but accurate impression of Hermi\-one jumping up and down in her seat every time Professor McGon\-agall asked a question, which Lavender and Parvati found deeply amusing and which reduced Hermione to the verge of tears again. She raced out of the classroom on the bell, leaving half her things behind; Harry, deciding that her need was greater than Ron\rquote s just now, scooped up her remaining possessions and followed her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He finally tracked her down as she emerged from a girls\rquote  bath\-room on the floor below. She was accompanied by Luna Lovegood, who was patting her vaguely on the back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, hello, Harry,\rdblquote  said Luna. \ldblquote Did you know one of your eye\-brows is bright yellow?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Luna. Hermione, you left your stuff. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He held out her books.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a choked voice, taking her things and turning away quickly to hide the fact that she was wiping her eyes on her pencil case. \ldblquote Thank you, Harry. Well, I\rquote d better get go\-ing. \'85\lang3081\rdblquote\par
\lang1033 And she hurried off, without giving Harry any time to offer words of comfort, though admittedly he could not think of any.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s a bit upset,\rdblquote  said Luna. \ldblquote I thought at first it was Moaning Myrtle in there, but it turned out to be Hermione. She said some\-thing about that Ron Weasley. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, they\rquote ve had a row,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He says very funny things sometimes, doesn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Luna, as they set off down the corridor together. \ldblquote But he can be a bit un\-kind. I noticed that last year.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I s\rquote pose,\rdblquote  said Harry. Luna was demonstrating her usual knack of speaking uncomfortable truths; he had never met anyone quite like her. \ldblquote So have you had a good term?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s been all right,\rdblquote  said Luna. \ldblquote A bit lonely without the D.A. Ginny\rquote s been nice, though. She stopped two boys in our Transfiguration class calling me \lquote Loony\rquote  the other day \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How would you like to come to Slughorn\rquote s party with me tonight?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The words were out of Harry\rquote s mouth before he could stop them; he heard himself say them as though it were a stranger speaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Luna turned her protuberant eyes upon him in surprise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Slughorn\rquote s party? With you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We\rquote re supposed to bring guests, so I thought you might like \'85 I mean \'85\rdblquote  He was keen to make his intentions perfectly clear. \ldblquote I mean, just as friends, you know. But if you don\rquote t want to \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was already half hoping that she didn\rquote t want to.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, no, I\rquote d love to go with you as friends!\rdblquote  said Luna, beaming as he had never seen her beam before. \ldblquote Nobody\rquote s ever asked me to a party before, as a friend! Is that why you dyed your eyebrow, for the party? Should I do mine too?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly, \ldblquote that was a mistake. I\rquote ll get Hermione to put it right for me. So, I\rquote ll meet you in the entrance hall at eight o\rquote clock then.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote AHA!\rdblquote  screamed a voice from overhead and both of them jumped; unnoticed by either of them, they had just passed right underneath Peeves, who was hanging upside down from a chande\-lier and grinning maliciously at them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Potty asked Loony to go to the party\i0 !\i  Potty lurves Loony\i0 !\i  Potty luuuuurves Looooooony\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he zoomed away, cackling and shrieking, \ldblquote Potty loves Loony!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice to keep these things private,\rdblquote  said Harry. And sure enough, in no time at all the whole school seemed to know that Harry Potter was taking Luna Lovegood to Slughorn\rquote s party.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You could\rquote ve taken \i anyone\i0 !\rdblquote  said Ron in disbelief over dinner. \ldblquote\i Anyone\i0 ! And you chose Loony Lovegood?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t call her that, Ron,\rdblquote  snapped Ginny, pausing behind Harry on her way to join friends. \ldblquote I\rquote m really glad you\rquote re taking her, Harry, she\rquote s so excited.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she moved on down the table to sit with Dean. Harry tried to feel pleased that Ginny was glad he was taking Luna to the party, but could not quite manage it. A long way along the table, Hermi\-one was sitting alone, playing with her stew. Harry noticed Ron looking at her furtively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You could say sorry,\rdblquote  suggested Harry bluntly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What, and get attacked by another flock of canaries?\rdblquote  muttered Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did you have to imitate her for?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She laughed at my mustache!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So did I, it was the stupidest thing I\rquote ve ever seen.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ron did not seem to have heard; Lavender had just arrived with Parvati. Squeezing herself in between Harry and Ron, Laven\-der flung her arms around Ron\rquote s neck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Harry,\rdblquote  said Parvati who, like him, looked faintly embar\-rassed and bored by the behavior of their two friends.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote How\rquote re you? You\rquote re staying at Hogwarts, then? I heard your parents wanted you to leave.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I managed to talk them out of it for the time being,\rdblquote  said Par\-vati. \ldblquote That Katie thing really freaked them out, but as there hasn\rquote t been anything since \'85 Oh, hi, Hermione!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Parvati positively beamed. Harry could tell that she was feeling guilty for having laughed at Hermione in Transfiguration. He looked around and saw that Hermione was beaming back, if possi\-ble even more brightly. Girls were very strange sometimes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Parvati!\rdblquote  said Hermione, ignoring Ron and Lavender com\-pletely. \ldblquote Are you going to Slughorn\rquote s party tonight?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No invite,\rdblquote  said Parvati gloomily. \ldblquote I\rquote d love to go, though, it sounds like it\rquote s going to be really good. \'85 You\rquote re going, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m meeting Cormac at eight, and we\rquote re \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a noise like a plunger being withdrawn from a blocked sink and Ron surfaced. Hermione acted as though she had not seen or heard anything.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  we\rquote re going up to the party together.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cormac?\rdblquote  said Parvati. \ldblquote Cormac McLaggen, you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Hermione sweetly. \ldblquote The one who \i almost\i0\rdblquote  \emdash  she put a great deal of emphasis on the word \emdash  \ldblquote became Gryffin\-dor Keeper.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you going out with him, then?\rdblquote  asked Parvati, wide-eyed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  yes \emdash  didn\rquote t you know?\rdblquote  said Hermione, with a most un-Hermione-ish giggle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Parvati, looking positively agog at this piece of gossip. \ldblquote Wow, you like your Quidditch players, don\rquote t you? First Krum, then McLaggen \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I like \i really good\i0  Quidditch players,\rdblquote  Hermione corrected her, still smiling. \ldblquote Well, see you \'85 Got to go and get ready for the party. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She left. At once Lavender and Parvati put their heads together to discuss this new development, with everything they had ever heard about McLaggen, and all they had ever guessed about Her\-mione. Ron looked strangely blank and said nothing. Harry was left to ponder in silence the depths to which girls would sink to get revenge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When he arrived in the entrance hall at eight o\rquote clock that night, he found an unusually large number of girls lurking there, all of whom seemed to be staring at him resentfully as he approached Luna. She was wearing a set of spangled silver robes that were at\-tracting a certain amount of giggles from the onlookers, but other\-wise she looked quite nice. Harry was glad, in any case, that she had left off her radish earrings, her butterbeer cork necklace, and her Spectrespecs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Shall we get going then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  she said happily. \ldblquote Where is the party?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Slughorn\rquote s office,\rdblquote  said Harry, leading her up the marble stair\-case away from all the staring and muttering. \ldblquote Did you hear, there\rquote s supposed to be a vampire coming?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Rufus Scrimgeour?\rdblquote  asked Luna.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  what?\rdblquote  said Harry, disconcerted. \ldblquote You mean the Minister of Magic?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, he\rquote s a vampire,\rdblquote  said Luna matter-of-factly. \ldblquote Father wrote a very long article about it when Scrimgeour first took over from Cornelius Fudge, but he was forced not to publish by somebody from the Ministry. Obviously, they didn\rquote t want the truth to get out!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who thought it most unlikely that Rufus Scrimgeour was a vampire, but who was used to Luna repeating her father\rquote s bizarre\lang3081  \lang1033 views as though they were fact, did not reply; they were already approaching Slughorn\rquote s office and the sounds of laughter, music, and loud conversation were growing louder with every step they took.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Whether it had been built that way, or because he had used mag\-ical trickery to make it so, Slughorn\rquote s office was much larger than the usual teacher\rquote s study. The ceiling and walls had been draped with emerald, crimson, and gold hangings, so that it looked as though they were all inside a vast tent. The room was crowded and stuffy and bathed in the red light cast by an ornate golden lamp dangling from the center of the ceiling in which real fairies were fluttering, each a brilliant speck of light. Loud singing accompa\-nied by what sounded like mandolins issued from a distant corner; a haze of pipe smoke hung over several elderly warlocks deep in conversation, and a number of house-elves were negotiating their way squeakily through the forest of knees, obscured by the heavy silver platters of food they were bearing, so that they looked like lit\-tle roving tables.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, m\rquote boy!\rdblquote  boomed Slughorn, almost as soon as Harry and Luna had squeezed in through the door. \ldblquote Come in, come in, so many people I\rquote d like you to meet!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn was wearing a tasseled velvet hat to match his smoking jacket. Gripping Harry\rquote s arm so tightly he might have been hoping to Disapparate with him, Slughorn led him purposefully into the party; Harry seized Luna\rquote s hand and dragged her along with him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote d like you to meet Eldred Worple, an old student of mine, author of \i Blood Brothers: My Life Amongst the Vampires\i0  \emdash  and, of course, his friend Sanguini.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Worple, who was a small, stout, bespectacled man, grabbed\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry\rquote s hand and shook it enthusiastically; the vampire Sanguini, who was tall and emaciated with dark shadows under his eyes, merely nodded. He looked rather bored. A gaggle of girls was standing close to him, looking curious and excited.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter, I am simply delighted!\rdblquote  said Worple, peering shortsightedly up into Harry\rquote s face. \ldblquote I was saying to Professor Slughorn only the other day, \lquote\i Where is the biography of Harry Potter for which we have all been waiting\i0 ?\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote were you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just as modest as Horace described!\rdblquote  said Worple. \ldblquote But seri\-ously\rdblquote  \emdash  his manner changed; it became suddenly businesslike \emdash  \ldblquote I would be delighted to write it myself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  people are craving to know more about you, dear boy, craving! If you were prepared to grant me a few interviews, say in four- or five-hour sessions, why, we could have the book finished within months. And all with very little effort on your part, I assure you \emdash  ask Sanguini here if it isn\rquote t quite \emdash  \i Sanguini, stay here\i0 !\rdblquote  added Worple, suddenly stern, for the vampire had been edging toward the nearby group of girls, a rather hungry look in his eye. \ldblquote Here, have a pasty,\rdblquote  said Worple, seizing one from a passing elf and stuffing it into Sanguini\rquote s hand before turning his attention back to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear boy, the gold you could make, you have no idea \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m definitely not interested,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly, \ldblquote and I\rquote ve just seen a friend of mine, sorry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled Luna after him into the crowd; he had indeed just seen a long mane of brown hair disappear between what looked like two members of the Weird Sisters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione! \i Hermione\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! There you are, thank goodness! Hi, Luna!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s happened to you?\rdblquote  asked Harry, for Hermione looked distinctly disheveled, rather as though she had just fought her way out of a thicket of Devil\rquote s Snare.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I\rquote ve just escaped \emdash  I mean, I\rquote ve just left Cormac,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Under the mistletoe,\rdblquote  she added in explanation, as Harry continued to look questioningly at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Serves you right for coming with him,\rdblquote  he told her severely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought he\rquote d annoy Ron most,\rdblquote  said Hermione dispassion\-ately. \ldblquote I debated for a while about Zacharias Smith, but I thought, on the whole \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You considered Smith\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry, revolted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I did, and I\rquote m starting to wish I\rquote d chosen him, McLaggen makes Grawp look a gentleman. Let\rquote s go this way, we\rquote ll be able to see him coming, he\rquote s so tall. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The three of them made their way over to the other side of the room, scooping up goblets of mead on the way, realizing too late that Professor Trelawney was standing there alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  said Luna politely to Professor Trelawney.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good evening, my dear,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, focusing upon Luna with some difficulty. Harry could smell cooking sherry again. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t seen you in my classes lately. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I\rquote ve got Firenze this year,\rdblquote  said Luna.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, of course,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney with an angry, drunken titter. \ldblquote Or Dobbin, as I prefer to think of him. You would have thought, would you not, that now I am returned to the school Professor Dumbledore might have got rid of the horse? But no \'85 we share classes. \'85 It\rquote s an insult, frankly, an insult. Do you know\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney seemed too tipsy to have recognized Harry.\lang3081  \lang1033 Under cover of her furious criticisms of Firenze, Harry drew closer to Hermione and said, \ldblquote Let\rquote s get something straight. Are you plan\-ning to tell Ron that you interfered at Keeper tryouts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione raised her eyebrows. \ldblquote Do you really think I\rquote d stoop that low?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at her shrewdly. \ldblquote Hermione, if you can ask out McLaggen \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s a difference,\rdblquote  said Hermione with dignity. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got no plans to tell Ron anything about what might, or might not, have happened at Keeper tryouts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Harry fervently. \ldblquote Because he\rquote ll just fall apart again, and we\rquote ll lose the next match \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quidditch!\rdblquote  said Hermione angrily. \ldblquote Is that all boys care about? Cormac hasn\rquote t asked me one single question about myself, no, I\rquote ve just been treated to \lquote A Hundred Great Saves Made by Cormac McLaggen\rquote  nonstop ever since \emdash  oh no, here he comes!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She moved so fast it was as though she had Disapparated; one moment she was there, the next, she had squeezed between two guffawing witches and vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seen Hermione?\rdblquote  asked McLaggen, forcing his way through the throng a minute later.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, sorry,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he turned quickly to join in Luna\rquote s conversation, forgetting for a split second to whom she was talking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter!\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney in deep, vibrant tones, noticing him for the first time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, hello,\rdblquote  said Harry unenthusiastically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear boy!\rdblquote  she said in a very carrying whisper. \ldblquote The rumors! The stories! \lquote The Chosen One\rquote ! Of course, I have known for a very long time. \'85 The omens were never good, Harry. \'85 But why\lang3081  \lang1033 have you not returned to Divination? For you, of all people, the subject is of the utmost importance!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, Sybill, we all think our subject\rquote s most important!\rdblquote  said a loud voice, and Slughorn appeared at Professor Trelawney\rquote s other side, his face very red, his velvet hat a little askew, a glass of mead in one hand and an enormous mince pie in the other. \ldblquote But I don\rquote t think I\rquote ve ever known such a natural at Potions!\rdblquote  said Slughorn, re\-garding Harry with a fond, if bloodshot, eye. \ldblquote Instinctive, you know \emdash  like his mother! I\rquote ve only ever taught a few with this kind of ability, I can tell you that, Sybill \emdash  why even Severus \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And to Harry\rquote s horror, Slughorn threw out an arm and seemed to scoop Snape out of thin air toward them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop skulking and come and join us, Severus!\rdblquote  hiccuped Slughorn happily. \ldblquote I was just talking about Harry\rquote s exceptional po\-tion-making! Some credit must go to you, of course, you taught him for five years!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Trapped, with Slughorn\rquote s arm around his shoulders, Snape looked down his hooked nose at Harry, his black eyes narrowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Funny, I never had the impression that I managed to teach Potter anything at all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, then, it\rquote s natural ability!\rdblquote  shouted Slughorn. \ldblquote You should have seen what he gave me, first lesson, Draught of Living Death \emdash  never had a student produce finer on a first attempt, I don\rquote t think even you, Severus \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote  said Snape quietly, his eyes still boring into Harry, who felt a certain disquiet. The last thing he wanted was for Snape to start investigating the source of his newfound brilliance at Potions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remind me what other subjects you\rquote re taking, Harry?\rdblquote  asked Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Defense Against the Dark Arts, Charms, Transfiguration, Herbology\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All the subjects required, in short, for an Auror,\rdblquote  said Snape, with the faintest sneer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, that\rquote s what I\rquote d like to do,\rdblquote  said Harry defiantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And a great one you\rquote ll make too!\rdblquote  boomed Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think you should be an Auror, Harry,\rdblquote  said Luna unex\-pectedly. Everybody looked at her. \ldblquote The Aurors are part of the Rotfang Conspiracy, I thought everyone knew that. They\rquote re work\-ing to bring down the Ministry of Magic from within using a com\-bination of Dark Magic and gum disease.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry inhaled half his mead up his nose as he started to laugh. Really, it had been worth bringing Luna just for this. Emerging from his goblet, coughing, sopping wet but still grinning, he saw something calculated to raise his spirits even higher: Draco Malfoy being dragged by the ear toward them by Argus Filch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Slughorn,\rdblquote  wheezed Filch, his jowls aquiver and the maniacal light of mischief-detection in his bulging eyes, \ldblquote I discov\-ered this boy lurking in an upstairs corridor. He claims to have been invited to your party and to have been delayed in setting out. Did you issue him with an invitation?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy pulled himself free of Filch\rquote s grip, looking furious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, I wasn\rquote t invited!\rdblquote  he said angrily. \ldblquote I was trying to gate\-crash, happy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I\rquote m not!\rdblquote  said Filch, a statement at complete odds with the glee on his face. \ldblquote You\rquote re in trouble, you are! Didn\rquote t the headmaster say that nighttime prowling\rquote s out, unless you\rquote ve got permission, didn\rquote t he, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s all right, Argus, that\rquote s all right,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, waving a\lang3081  \lang1033 hand. \ldblquote It\rquote s Christmas, and it\rquote s not a crime to want to come to a party. Just this once, we\rquote ll forget any punishment; you may stay, Draco.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Filch\rquote s expression of outraged disappointment was perfectly pre\-dictable; but why, Harry wondered, watching him, did Malfoy look almost equally unhappy? And why was Snape looking at Mal\-foy as though both angry and \'85 was it possible? \'85 a little afraid?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But almost before Harry had registered what he had seen, Filch had turned and shuffled away, muttering under his breath; Malfoy had composed his face into a smile and was thanking Slughorn for his generosity, and Snape\rquote s face was smoothly inscrutable again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s nothing, nothing,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, waving away Malfoy\rquote s thanks. \ldblquote I did know your grandfather, after all. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He always spoke very highly of you, sir,\rdblquote  said Malfoy quickly. \ldblquote Said you were the best potion-maker he\rquote d ever known. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at Malfoy. It was not the sucking-up that intrigued him; he had watched Malfoy do that to Snape for a long time. It was the fact that Malfoy did, after all, look a little ill. This was the first time he had seen Malfoy close up for ages; he now saw that Malfoy had dark shadows under his eyes and a distinctly grayish tinge to his skin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d like a word with you, Draco,\rdblquote  said Snape suddenly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, now, Severus,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, hiccuping again, \ldblquote it\rquote s Christ\-mas, don\rquote t be too hard \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m his Head of House, and I shall decide how hard, or other\-wise, to be,\rdblquote  said Snape curtly. \ldblquote Follow me, Draco.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They left, Snape leading the way, Malfoy looking resentful. Harry stood there for a moment, irresolute, then said, \ldblquote I\rquote ll be back in a bit, Luna \emdash  er \emdash  bathroom.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  she said cheerfully, and he thought he heard her, as he hurried off into the crowd, resume the subject of the Rotfang Conspiracy with Professor Trelawney, who seemed sincerely inter\-ested.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was easy, once out of the party, to pull his Invisibility Cloak out of his pocket and throw it over himself, for the corridor was quite deserted. What was more difficult was finding Snape and Malfoy. Harry ran down the corridor, the noise of his feet masked by the music and loud talk still issuing from Slughorn\rquote s office be\-hind him. Perhaps Snape had taken Malfoy to his office in the dun\-geons \'85 or perhaps he was escorting him back to the Slytherin common room. \'85 Harry pressed his ear against door after door as he dashed down the corridor until, with a great jolt of excitement, he crouched down to the keyhole of the last classroom in the corri\-dor and heard voices.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 cannot afford mistakes, Draco, because if you are ex\-pelled \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t have anything to do with it, all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hope you are telling the truth, because it was both clumsy and foolish. Already you are suspected of having a hand in it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who suspects me?\rdblquote  said Malfoy angrily. \ldblquote For the last time, I didn\rquote t do it, okay? That Bell girl must\rquote ve had an enemy no one knows about \emdash  don\rquote t look at me like that! I know what you\rquote re do\-ing, I\rquote m not stupid, but it won\rquote t work \emdash  I can stop you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause and then Snape said quietly, \ldblquote Ah \'85 Aunt Bellatrix has been teaching you Occlumency, I see. What thoughts are you trying to conceal from your master, Draco?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not trying to conceal anything from \i him,\i0  I just don\rquote t want \i you\i0  butting in!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pressed his ear still more closely against the keyhole. \'85 What had happened to make Malfoy speak to Snape like this \emdash  Snape, toward whom he had always shown respect, even liking?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that is why you have been avoiding me this term? You have feared my interference? You realize that, had anybody else failed to come to my office when I had told them repeatedly to be there, Draco \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So put me in detention! Report me to Dumbledore!\rdblquote  jeered Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was another pause. Then Snape said, \ldblquote You know perfectly well that I do not wish to do either of those things.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d better stop telling me to come to your office then!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen to me,\rdblquote  said Snape, his voice so low now that Harry had to push his ear very hard against the keyhole to hear. \ldblquote I am trying to help you. I swore to your mother I would protect you. I made the Unbreakable Vow, Draco \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Looks like you\rquote ll have to break it, then, because I don\rquote t need your protection! It\rquote s my job, he gave it to me and I\rquote m doing it, I\rquote ve got a plan and it\rquote s going to work, it\rquote s just taking a bit longer than I thought it would!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is your plan?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s none of your business!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you tell me what you are trying to do, I can assist you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got all the assistance I need, thanks, I\rquote m not alone!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were certainly alone tonight, which was foolish in the ex\-treme, wandering the corridors without lookouts or backup, these are elementary mistakes \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would\rquote ve had Crabbe and Goyle with me if you hadn\rquote t put them in detention!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Keep your voice down!\rdblquote  spat Snape, for Malfoy\rquote s voice had risen excitedly. \ldblquote If your friends Crabbe and Goyle intend to pass their Defense Against the Dark Arts O.W.L. this time around, they will need to work a little harder than they are doing at pres \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What does it matter?\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote Defense Against the Dark Arts \emdash  it\rquote s all just a joke, isn\rquote t it, an act? Like any of us need pro\-tecting against the Dark Arts \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is an act that is crucial to success, Draco!\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote Where do you think I would have been all these years, if I had not known how to act? Now listen to me! You are being incautious, wandering around at night, getting yourself caught, and if you are placing your reliance in assistants like Crabbe and Goyle \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re not the only ones, I\rquote ve got other people on my side, better people!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then why not confide in me, and I can \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know what you\rquote re up to! You want to steal my glory!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was another pause, then Snape said coldly, \ldblquote You are speaking like a child. I quite understand that your father\rquote s capture and imprisonment has upset you, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had barely a second\rquote s warning; he heard Malfoy\rquote s footsteps on the other side of the door and flung himself out of the way just as it burst open; Malfoy was striding away down the corridor, past the open door of Slughorn\rquote s office, around the distant corner, and out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hardly daring to breathe, Harry remained crouched down as Snape emerged slowly from the classroom. His expression unfath\-omable, he returned to the party. Harry remained on the floor, hid\-den beneath the cloak, his mind racing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 16\par
\pard\qc A Very Frosty Christmas\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote So Snape was offering to help him? He was definitely \i offering to help him\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If you ask that once more,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote I\rquote m going to stick this sprout \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m only checking!\rdblquote  said Ron. They were standing alone at the Burrow\rquote s kitchen sink, peeling a mountain of sprouts for Mrs. Weasley. Snow was drifting past the window in front of them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Yes, Snape was offering to help him\i0 !\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He said he\rquote d promised Malfoy\rquote s mother to protect him, that he\rquote d made an Un\-breakable Oath or something \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An Unbreakable Vow?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking stunned. \ldblquote Nah, he can\rquote t have. \'85 Are you sure?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m sure,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Why, what does it mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you can\rquote t break an Unbreakable Vow. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d worked that much out for myself, funnily enough. What happens if you break it, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You die,\rdblquote  said Ron simply. \ldblquote Fred and George tried to get me to make one when I was about five. I nearly did too, I was holding hands with Fred and everything when Dad found us. He went mental,\rdblquote  said Ron, with a reminiscent gleam in his eyes. \ldblquote Only time I\rquote ve ever seen Dad as angry as Mum. Fred reckons his left but\-tock has never been the same since.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, passing over Fred\rquote s left buttock \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I beg your pardon?\rdblquote  said Fred\rquote s voice as the twins entered the kitchen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aaah, George, look at this. They\rquote re using knives and everything. Bless them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll be seventeen in two and a bit months\rquote  time,\rdblquote  said Ron grumpily, \ldblquote and then I\rquote ll be able to do it by magic!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But meanwhile,\rdblquote  said George, sitting down at the kitchen table and putting his feet up on it, \ldblquote we can enjoy watching you demon\-strate the correct use of a \emdash  whoops-a-daisy!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You made me do that!\rdblquote  said Ron angrily, sucking his cut thumb. \ldblquote You wait, when I\rquote m seventeen \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sure you\rquote ll dazzle us all with hitherto unsuspected magical skills,\rdblquote  yawned Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And speaking of hitherto unsuspected skills, Ronald,\rdblquote  said George, \ldblquote what is this we hear from Ginny about you and a young lady called \emdash  unless our information is faulty \emdash  Lavender Brown?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron turned a little pink, but did not look displeased as he turned back to the sprouts. \ldblquote Mind your own business.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What a snappy retort,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote I really don\rquote t know how you think of them. No, what we wanted to know was \'85 how did it happen?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did she have an accident or something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, how did she sustain such extensive brain damage? Care\-ful, now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley entered the room just in time to see Ron throw the sprout knife at Fred, who had turned it into a paper airplane with one lazy flick of his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Ron\i0 !\rdblquote  she said furiously. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you ever let me see you throw\-ing knives again!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I won\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote let you see,\rdblquote  he added under his breath, as he turned back to the sprout mountain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fred, George, I\rquote m sorry, dears, but Remus is arriving tonight, so Bill will have to squeeze in with you two.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No problem,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then, as Charlie isn\rquote t coming home, that just leaves Harry and Ron in the attic, and if Fleur shares with Ginny \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  that\rquote ll make Ginny\rquote s Christmas \emdash\rdblquote  muttered Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  everyone should be comfortable. Well, they\rquote ll have a bed, anyway,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, sounding slightly harassed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Percy definitely not showing his ugly face, then?\rdblquote  asked Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley turned away before she answered. \ldblquote No, he\rquote s busy, I expect, at the Ministry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or he\rquote s the world\rquote s biggest prat,\rdblquote  said Fred, as Mrs. Weasley left the kitchen. \ldblquote One of the two. Well, let\rquote s get going, then, George.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you two up to?\rdblquote  asked Ron. \ldblquote Can\rquote t you help us with these sprouts? You could just use your wand and then we\rquote ll be free too!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t think we can do that,\rdblquote  said Fred seriously. \ldblquote It\rquote s very character-building stuff, learning to peel sprouts without magic, makes you appreciate how difficult it is for Muggles and Squibs \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and if you want people to help you, Ron,\rdblquote  added George, throwing the paper airplane at him, \ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t chuck knives at them. Just a little hint. We\rquote re off to the village, there\rquote s a very pretty girl working in the paper shop who thinks my card tricks are some\-thing marvelous \'85 almost like real magic. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gits,\rdblquote  said Ron darkly, watching Fred and George setting off across the snowy yard. \ldblquote Would\rquote ve only taken them ten seconds and then we could\rquote ve gone too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I couldn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I promised Dumbledore I wouldn\rquote t wander off while I\rquote m staying here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron. He peeled a few more sprouts and then said, \ldblquote Are you going to tell Dumbledore what you heard Snape and Malfoy saying to each other?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote m going to tell anyone who can put a stop to it, and Dumbledore\rquote s top of the list. I might have another word with your dad too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pity you didn\rquote t hear what Malfoy\rquote s actually doing, though.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I couldn\rquote t have done, could I? That was the whole point, he was refusing to tell Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence for a moment or two, then Ron said, \ldblquote  \rquote Course, you know what they\rquote ll all say? Dad and Dumbledore and all of them? They\rquote ll say Snape isn\rquote t really trying to help Malfoy, he was just trying to find out what Malfoy\rquote s up to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They didn\rquote t hear him,\rdblquote  said Harry flatly. \ldblquote No one\rquote s that good an actor, not even Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 I\rquote m just saying, though,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned to face him, frowning. \ldblquote You think I\rquote m right, though?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I do!\rdblquote  said Ron hastily. \ldblquote Seriously, I do! But they\rquote re all convinced Snape\rquote s in the Order, aren\rquote t they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said nothing. It had already occurred to him that this would be the most likely objection to his new evidence; he could hear Hermione now: \i Obviously, Harry, he was pretending to offer help so he could trick Malfoy into telling him what he\rquote s doing. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 This was pure imagination, however, as he had had no opportu\-nity to tell Hermione what he had overheard. She had disappeared from Slughorn\rquote s parry before he returned to it, or so he had been informed by an irate McLaggen, and she had already gone to bed by the time he returned to the common room. As he and Ron had left for the Burrow early the next day, he had barely had time to wish her a happy Christmas and to tell her that he had some very important news when they got back from the holidays. He was not entirely sure that she had heard him, though; Ron and Lavender had been saying a thoroughly nonverbal good-bye just behind him at the time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Still, even Hermione would not be able to deny one thing: Mal\-foy was definitely up to something, and Snape knew it, so Harry felt fully justified in saying \ldblquote I told you so,\rdblquote  which he had done sev\-eral times to Ron already.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not get the chance to speak to Mr. Weasley, who was working very long hours at the Ministry, until Christmas Eve night. The Weasleys and their guests were sitting in the living room, which Ginny had decorated so lavishly that it was rather like sitting in a paper-chain explosion. Fred, George, Harry, and Ron were the only ones who knew that the angel on top of the tree was\lang3081  \lang1033 actually a garden gnome that had bitten Fred on the ankle as he pulled up carrots for Christmas dinner. Stupefied, painted gold, stuffed into a miniature tutu and with small wings glued to its back, it glowered down at them all, the ugliest angel Harry had ever seen, with a large bald head like a potato and rather hairy feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were all supposed to be listening to a Christmas broadcast by Mrs. Weasley\rquote s favorite singer, Celestina Warbeck, whose voice was warbling out of the large wooden wireless set. Fleur, who seemed to find Celestina very dull, was talking so loudly in the corner that a scowling Mrs. Weasley kept pointing her wand at the volume con\-trol, so that Celestina grew louder and louder. Under cover of a par\-ticularly jazzy number called \ldblquote A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love,\rdblquote  Fred and George started a game of Exploding Snap with Ginny. Ron kept shooting Bill and Fleur covert looks, as though hoping to pick up tips. Meanwhile, Remus Lupin, who was thinner and more ragged-looking than ever, was sitting beside the fire, star\-ing into its depths as though he could not hear Celestina\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Oh, come and stir my cauldron,\par
And if you do it right,\par
I\rquote ll boil you up some hot strong love\par
To keep you warm tonight.\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We danced to this when we were eighteen!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, wiping her eyes on her knitting. \ldblquote Do you remember, Arthur?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mphf?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, whose head had been nodding over the satsuma he was peeling. \ldblquote Oh yes \'85 marvelous tune \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With an effort, he sat up a little straighter and looked around at Harry, who was sitting next to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry about this,\rdblquote  he said, jerking his head toward the wireless as Celestina broke into the chorus. \ldblquote Be over soon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No problem,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning. \ldblquote Has it been busy at the Ministry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t mind if we were getting anywhere, but of the three arrests we\rquote ve made in the last couple of months, I doubt that one of them is a genuine Death Eater \emdash  only don\rquote t repeat that, Harry,\rdblquote  he added quickly, looking much more awake all of a sudden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re not still holding Stan Shunpike, are they?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m afraid so,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote I know Dumbledore\rquote s tried appealing directly to Scrimgeour about Stan. \'85 I mean, anybody who has actually interviewed him agrees that he\rquote s about as much a Death Eater as this satsuma \'85 but the top levels want to look as though they\rquote re making some progress, and \lquote three arrests\rquote  sounds better than \lquote three mistaken arrests and releases\rquote\'85 but again, this is all top secret. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I won\rquote t say anything,\rdblquote  said Harry. He hesitated for a moment, wondering how best to embark on what he wanted to say; as he marshaled his thoughts, Celestina Warbeck began a ballad called \ldblquote You Charmed the Heart Right Out of Me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Weasley, you know what I told you at the station when we were setting off for school?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I checked, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley at once. \ldblquote I went and searched the Malfoys\rquote  house. There was nothing, either broken or whole, that shouldn\rquote t have been there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I know, I saw in the \i Prophet\i0  that you\rquote d looked \'85 but this is something different. \'85 Well, something more \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he told Mr. Weasley everything he had overheard between\lang3081  \lang1033 Malfoy and Snape. As Harry spoke, he saw Lupin\rquote s head turn a lit\-tle toward him, taking in every word. When he had finished, there was silence, except for Celestina\rquote s crooning.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Oh, my poor heart, where has it gone?\par
It\rquote s left me for a spell\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Has it occurred to you, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, \ldblquote that Snape was simply pretending \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pretending to offer help, so that he could find out what Mal\-foy\rquote s up to?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote Yeah, I thought you\rquote d say that. But how do we know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It isn\rquote t our business to know,\rdblquote  said Lupin unexpectedly. He had turned his back on the fire now and faced Harry across Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote It\rquote s Dumbledore\rquote s business. Dumbledore trusts Severus, and that ought to be good enough for all of us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote just say \emdash  just say Dumbledore\rquote s wrong about Snape \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote People have said it, many times. It comes down to whether or not you trust Dumbledore\rquote s judgment. I do; therefore, I trust Severus.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Dumbledore can make mistakes,\rdblquote  argued Harry. \ldblquote He says it himself. And you\rdblquote  \emdash  he looked Lupin straight in the eye \emdash  \ldblquote do you honestly like Snape?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I neither like nor dislike Severus,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote No, Harry, I am speaking the truth,\rdblquote  he added, as Harry pulled a skeptical expres\-sion. \ldblquote We shall never be bosom friends, perhaps; after all that hap\-pened between James and Sirius and Severus, there is too much bitterness there. But I do not forget that during the year I taught at\lang3081  \lang1033 Hogwarts, Severus made the Wolfsbane Potion for me every month, made it perfectly, so that I did not have to suffer as I usu\-ally do at the full moon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he \lquote accidentally\rquote  let it slip that you\rquote re a werewolf, so you had to leave!\rdblquote  said Harry angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin shrugged. \ldblquote The news would have leaked out anyway. We both know he wanted my job, but he could have wreaked much worse damage on me by tampering with the potion. He kept me healthy. I must be grateful.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe he didn\rquote t dare mess with the potion with Dumbledore watching him!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are determined to hate him, Harry,\rdblquote  said Lupin with a faint smile. \ldblquote And I understand; with James as your father, with Sir\-ius as your godfather, you have inherited an old prejudice. By all means tell Dumbledore what you have told Arthur and me, but do not expect him to share your view of the matter; do not even expect him to be surprised by what you tell him. It might have been on Dumbledore\rquote s orders that Severus questioned Draco.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i\'85 and now you\rquote ve torn it quite apart\par
I\rquote ll thank you to give back my heart!\lang3081\par
\i0\par
\lang1033 Celestina ended her song on a very long, high-pitched note and loud applause issued out of the wireless, which Mrs. Weasley joined in with enthusiastically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Eez eet over?\rdblquote  said Fleur loudly. \ldblquote Thank goodness, what an \rquote or\-rible \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shall we have a nightcap, then?\rdblquote  asked Mr. Weasley loudly, leaping to his feet. \ldblquote Who wants eggnog?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What have you been up to lately?\rdblquote  Harry asked Lupin, as Mr. Weasley bustled off to fetch the eggnog, and everybody else stretched and broke into conversation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I\rquote ve been underground,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Almost literally. That\rquote s why I haven\rquote t been able to write, Harry; sending letters to you would have been something of a giveaway.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been living among my fellows, my equals,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Werewolves,\rdblquote  he added, at Harry\rquote s look of incomprehension. \ldblquote Nearly all of them are on Voldemort\rquote s side. Dumbledore wanted a spy and here I was \'85 ready-made.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sounded a little bitter, and perhaps realized it, for he smiled more warmly as he went on, \ldblquote I am not complaining; it is necessary work and who can do it better than I? However, it has been diffi\-cult gaining their trust. I bear the unmistakable signs of having tried to live among wizards, you see, whereas they have shunned normal society and live on the margins, stealing \emdash  and sometimes killing \emdash  to eat.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come they like Voldemort?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They think that, under his rule, they will have a better life,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote And it is hard to argue with Greyback out there. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s Greyback?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You haven\rquote t heard of him?\rdblquote  Lupin\rquote s hands closed convulsively in his lap. \ldblquote Fenrir Greyback is, perhaps, the most savage werewolf alive today. He regards it as his mission in life to bite and to conta\-minate as many people as possible; he wants to create enough were\-wolves to overcome the wizards. Voldemort has promised him prey in return for his services. Greyback specializes in children. \'85 Bite them young, he says, and raise them away from their parents, raise\lang3081  \lang1033 them to hate normal wizards. Voldemort has threatened to unleash him upon people\rquote s sons and daughters; it is a threat that usually produces good results.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin paused and then said, \ldblquote It was Greyback who bit me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry, astonished. \ldblquote When \emdash  when you were a kid, you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes. My father had offended him. I did not know, for a very long time, the identity of the werewolf who had attacked me; I even felt pity for him, thinking that he had had no control, know\-ing by then how it felt to transform. But Greyback is not like that. At the full moon, he positions himself close to victims, ensuring that he is near enough to strike. He plans it all. And this is the man Voldemort is using to marshal the werewolves. I cannot pretend that my particular brand of reasoned argument is making much headway against Greyback\rquote s insistence that we werewolves deserve blood, that we ought to revenge ourselves on normal people.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you are normal!\rdblquote  said Harry fiercely. \ldblquote You\rquote ve just got a \emdash  a problem \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin burst out laughing. \ldblquote Sometimes you remind me a lot of James. He called it my \lquote furry little problem\rquote  in company. Many people were under the impression that I owned a badly behaved rabbit.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He accepted a glass of eggnog from Mr. Weasley with a word of thanks, looking slightly more cheerful. Harry, meanwhile, felt a rush of excitement: This last mention of his father had reminded him that there was something he had been looking forward to ask\-ing Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you ever heard of someone called the Half-Blood Prince?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Half-Blood what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Prince,\rdblquote  said Harry, watching him closely for signs of recogni\-tion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are no Wizarding princes,\rdblquote  said Lupin, now smiling. \ldblquote Is this a title you\rquote re thinking of adopting? I should have thought be\-ing \lquote the Chosen One\rquote  would be enough.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s nothing to do with me!\rdblquote  said Harry indignantly. \ldblquote The Half-Blood Prince is someone who used to go to Hogwarts, I\rquote ve got his old Potions book. He wrote spells all over it, spells he invented. One of them was Levicorpus \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, that one had a great vogue during my time at Hogwarts,\rdblquote  said Lupin reminiscently. \ldblquote There were a few months in my fifth year when you couldn\rquote t move for being hoisted into the air by your ankle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dad used it,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I saw him in the Pensieve, he used it on Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He tried to sound casual, as though this was a throwaway com\-ment of no real importance, but he was not sure he had achieved the right effect; Lupin\rquote s smile was a little too understanding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote but he wasn\rquote t the only one. As I say, it was very popular. \'85 You know how these spells come and go. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it sounds like it was invented while you were at school,\rdblquote  Harry persisted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not necessarily,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Jinxes go in and out of fashion like everything else.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked into Harry\rquote s face and then said quietly, \ldblquote James was a pureblood, Harry, and I promise you, he never asked us to call him \lquote Prince.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Abandoning pretense, Harry said, \ldblquote And it wasn\rquote t Sirius? Or you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Definitely not.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh.\rdblquote  Harry stared into the fire. \ldblquote I just thought \emdash  well, he\rquote s helped me out a lot in Potions classes, the Prince has.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How old is this book, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno, I\rquote ve never checked.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, perhaps that will give you some clue as to when the Prince was at Hogwarts,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Shortly after this, Fleur decided to imitate Celestina singing \ldblquote A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love,\rdblquote  which was taken by everyone, once they had glimpsed Mrs. Weasley\rquote s expression, to be the cue to go to bed. Harry and Ron climbed all the way up to Ron\rquote s attic bedroom, where a camp bed had been added for Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron fell asleep almost immediately, but Harry delved into his trunk and pulled out his copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  before getting into bed. There he turned its pages, searching, until he finally found, at the front of the book, the date that it had been pub\-lished. It was nearly fifty years old. Neither his father, nor his father\rquote s friends, had been at Hogwarts fifty years ago. Feeling disappointed, Harry threw the book back into his trunk, turned off the lamp, and rolled over, thinking of werewolves and Snape, Stan Shunpike and the Half-Blood Prince, and finally falling into an uneasy sleep full of creeping shadows and the cries of bitten children. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s got to be joking. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry woke with a start to find a bulging stocking lying over the end of his bed. He put on his glasses and looked around; the tiny window was almost completely obscured with snow and, in front of it, Ron was sitting bolt upright in bed and examining what ap\-peared to be a thick gold chain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s from Lavender,\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding revolted. \ldblquote She can\rquote t honestly think I\rquote d wear \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked more closely and let out a shout of laughter. Dan\-gling from the chain in large gold letters were the words:\par
\par
\pard\qc\i My\lang3081  Sweetheart\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
\ldblquote Nice,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Classy. You should definitely wear it in front of Fred and George.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you tell them,\rdblquote  said Ron, shoving the necklace out of sight under his pillow, \ldblquote I \emdash  I \emdash  I\rquote ll \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stutter at me?\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning. \ldblquote Come on, would I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How could she think I\rquote d like something like that, though?\rdblquote  Ron demanded of thin air, looking rather shocked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, think back,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Have you ever let it slip that you\rquote d like to go out in public with the words \lquote My Sweetheart\rquote  round your neck?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 we don\rquote t really talk much,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s mainly \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snogging,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron. He hesitated a moment, then said, \ldblquote Is Hermione really going out with McLaggen?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote They were at Slughorn\rquote s party together, but I don\rquote t think it went that well.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked slightly more cheerful as he delved deeper into his stocking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s presents included a sweater with a large Golden Snitch worked onto the front, hand-knitted by Mrs. Weasley, a large box of Weasleys\rquote  Wizard Wheezes products from the twins, and a\lang3081  \lang1033 slightly damp, moldy-smelling package that came with a label read\-ing TO MASTER, FROM KREACHER.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at it. \ldblquote D\rquote you reckon this is safe to open?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t be anything dangerous, all our mail\rquote s still being searched at the Ministry,\rdblquote  replied Ron, though he was eyeing the parcel suspiciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t think of giving Kreacher anything. Do people usually give their house-elves Christmas presents?\rdblquote  asked Harry, prodding the parcel cautiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione would,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote But let\rquote s wait and see what it is before you start feeling guilty.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A moment later, Harry had given a loud yell and leapt out of his camp bed; the package contained a large number of maggots.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice,\rdblquote  said Ron, roaring with laughter. \ldblquote Very thoughtful.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d rather have them than that necklace,\rdblquote  said Harry, which sobered Ron up at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everybody was wearing new sweaters when they all sat down for Christmas lunch, everyone except Fleur (on whom, it appeared, Mrs. Weasley had not wanted to waste one) and Mrs. Weasley herself, who was sporting a brand-new midnight blue witch\rquote s hat glittering with what looked like tiny starlike diamonds, and a spec\-tacular golden necklace.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fred and George gave them to me! Aren\rquote t they beautiful?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we find we appreciate you more and more, Mum, now we\rquote re washing our own socks,\rdblquote  said George, waving an airy hand. \ldblquote Parsnips, Remus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you\rquote ve got a maggot in your hair,\rdblquote  said Ginny cheerfully, leaning across the table to pick it out; Harry felt goose bumps erupt up his neck that had nothing to do with the maggot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Ow \rquote orrible,\rdblquote  said Fleur, with an affected little shudder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Gravy, Fleur?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In his eagerness to help her, he knocked the gravy boat flying; Bill waved his wand and the gravy soared up in the air and returned meekly to the boat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are as bad as zat Tonks,\rdblquote  said Fleur to Ron, when she had finished kissing Bill in thanks. \ldblquote She is always knocking \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I invited \i dear\i0  Tonks to come along today,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, setting down the carrots with unnecessary force and glaring at Fleur. \ldblquote But she wouldn\rquote t come. Have you spoken to her lately, Remus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I haven\rquote t been in contact with anybody very much,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote But Tonks has got her own family to go to, hasn\rquote t she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmmm,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote Maybe. I got the impression she was planning to spend Christmas alone, actually.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She gave Lupin an annoyed look, as though it was all his fault she was getting Fleur for a daughter-in-law instead of Tonks, but Harry, glancing across at Fleur, who was now feeding Bill bits of turkey off her own fork, thought that Mrs. Weasley was fighting a long-lost battle. He was, however, reminded of a question he had with regard to Tonks, and who better to ask than Lupin, the man who knew all about Patronuses?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tonks\rquote s Patronus has changed its form,\rdblquote  he told him. \ldblquote Snape said so anyway. I didn\rquote t know that could happen. Why would your Patronus change?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin took his time chewing his turkey and swallowing before saying slowly, \ldblquote Sometimes \'85 a great shock \'85 an emotional up\-heaval \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It looked big, and it had four legs,\rdblquote  said Harry, struck by a sud\-den thought and lowering his voice. \ldblquote Hey \'85 it couldn\rquote t be \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley suddenly. She had risen from her chair; her hand was pressed over her heart and she was staring out of the kitchen window. \ldblquote Arthur \emdash  it\rquote s Percy!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley looked around. Everybody looked quickly at the window; Ginny stood up for a better look. There, sure enough, was Percy Weasley, striding across the snowy yard, his horn-rimmed glasses glinting in the sunlight. He was not, however, alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur, he\rquote s \emdash  he\rquote s with the Minister!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And sure enough, the man Harry had seen in the \i Daily Prophet\i0  was following along in Percy\rquote s wake, limping slightly, his mane of graying hair and his black cloak flecked with snow. Before any of them could say anything, before Mr. and Mrs. Weasley could do more than exchange stunned looks, the back door opened and there stood Percy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a moment\rquote s painful silence. Then Percy said rather stiffly, \ldblquote Merry Christmas, Mother.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, \i Percy\i0 !\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, and she threw herself into his arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rufus Scrimgeour paused in the doorway, leaning on his walk\-ing stick and smiling as he observed this affecting scene.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You must forgive this intrusion,\rdblquote  he said, when Mrs. Weasley looked around at him, beaming and wiping her eyes. \ldblquote Percy and I were in the vicinity \emdash  working, you know \emdash  and he couldn\rquote t re\-sist dropping in and seeing you all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Percy showed no sign of wanting to greet any of the rest of the family. He stood, poker-straight and awkward-looking, and stared over everybody else\rquote s heads. Mr. Weasley, Fred, and George were all observing him, stony-faced.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please, come in, sit down, Minister!\rdblquote  fluttered Mrs. Weasley, straightening her hat. \ldblquote Have a little purkey, or some tooding. \'85 I mean \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, my dear Molly,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour. Harry guessed that he had checked her name with Percy before they entered the house. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want to intrude, wouldn\rquote t be here at all if Percy hadn\rquote t wanted to see you all so badly. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Perce!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley tearfully, reaching up to kiss him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 We\rquote ve only looked in for five minutes, so I\rquote ll have a stroll around the yard while you catch up with Percy. No, no, I assure you I don\rquote t want to butt in! Well, if anybody cared to show me your charming garden \'85 Ah, that young man\rquote s finished, why doesn\rquote t he take a stroll with me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The atmosphere around the table changed perceptibly. Every\-body looked from Scrimgeour to Harry. Nobody seemed to find Scrimgeour s pretense that he did not know Harry\rquote s name convinc\-ing, or find it natural that he should be chosen to accompany the Minister around the garden when Ginny, Fleur, and George also had clean plates.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, all right,\rdblquote  said Harry into the silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was not fooled; for all Scrimgeour\rquote s talk that they had just been in the area, that Percy wanted to look up his family, this must be the real reason that they had come, so that Scrimgeour could speak to Harry alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s fine,\rdblquote  he said quietly, as he passed Lupin, who had half risen from his chair. \ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  he added, as Mr. Weasley opened his mouth to speak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wonderful!\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, standing back to let Harry pass\lang3081  \lang1033 through the door ahead of him. \ldblquote We\rquote ll just take a turn around the garden, and Percy and I\rquote ll be off. Carry on, everyone!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry walked across the yard toward the Weasleys\rquote  overgrown, snow-covered garden, Scrimgeour limping slightly at his side. He had, Harry knew, been Head of the Auror office; he looked tough and battle-scarred, very different from portly Fudge in his bowler hat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Charming,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, stopping at the garden fence and looking out over the snowy lawn and the indistinguishable plants. \ldblquote Charming.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said nothing. He could tell that Scrimgeour was watching him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve wanted to meet you for a very long time,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, after a few moments. \ldblquote Did you know that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry truthfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, for a very long time. But Dumbledore has been very protective of you,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour. \ldblquote Natural, of course, natural, after what you\rquote ve been through. \'85 Especially what happened at the Ministry \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He waited for Harry to say something, but Harry did not oblige, so he went on, \ldblquote I have been hoping for an occasion to talk to you ever since I gained office, but Dumbledore has \emdash  most under\-standably, as I say \emdash  prevented this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Still, Harry said nothing, waiting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The rumors that have flown around!\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour. \ldblquote Well, of course, we both know how these stories get distorted \'85 all these whispers of a prophecy \'85 of you being \lquote the Chosen One\rquote\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were getting near it now, Harry thought, the reason Scrim\-geour was here.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 I assume that Dumbledore has discussed these matters with you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry deliberated, wondering whether he ought to lie or not. He looked at the little gnome prints all around the flowerbeds, and the scuffed-up patch that marked the spot where Fred had caught the gnome now wearing the tutu at the top of the Christmas tree. Finally, he decided on the truth \'85 or a bit of it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, we\rquote ve discussed it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you, have you \'85\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour. Harry could see, out of the corner of his eye, Scrimgeour squinting at him, so he pre\-tended to be very interested in a gnome that had just poked its head out from underneath a frozen rhododendron. \ldblquote And what has Dumbledore told you, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry, but that\rquote s between us,\rdblquote  said Harry. He kept his voice as pleasant as he could, and Scrimgeour\rquote s tone, too, was light and friendly as he said, \ldblquote Oh, of course, if it\rquote s a question of confidences, I wouldn\rquote t want you to divulge \'85 no, no \'85 and in any case, does it really matter whether you are \lquote the Chosen One\rquote  or not?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had to mull that one over for a few seconds before re\-sponding. \ldblquote I don\rquote t really know what you mean, Minister.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, of course, to \i you\i0  it will matter enormously,\rdblquote  said Scrim\-geour with a laugh. \ldblquote But to the Wizarding community at large \'85 it\rquote s all perception, isn\rquote t it? It\rquote s what people believe that\rquote s important.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said nothing. He thought he saw, dimly, where they were heading, but he was not going to help Scrimgeour get there. The gnome under the rhododendron was now digging for worms at its roots, and Harry kept his eyes fixed upon it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote People believe you \i are\i0  \lquote the Chosen One,\rquote  you see,\rdblquote  said Scrim\-geour. \ldblquote They think you quite the hero \emdash  which, of course, you\lang3081  \lang1033 are, Harry, chosen or not! How many times have you faced He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named now? Well, anyway,\rdblquote  he pressed on, without waiting for a reply, \ldblquote the point is, you are a symbol of hope for many, Harry. The idea that there is somebody out there who might be able, who might even be \i destined,\i0  to destroy He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named \emdash  well, naturally, it gives people a lift. And I can\rquote t help but feel that, once you realize this, you might consider it, well, almost a duty, to stand alongside the Ministry, and give everyone a boost.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The gnome had just managed to get hold of a worm. It was now tugging very hard on it, trying to get it out of the frozen ground. Harry was silent so long that Scrimgeour said, looking from Harry to the gnome, \ldblquote Funny little chaps, aren\rquote t they? But what say you, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t exactly understand what you want,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly. \ldblquote  \lquote Stand alongside the Ministry\rquote  \'85 What does that mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, well, nothing at all onerous, I assure you,\rdblquote  said Scrim\-geour. \ldblquote If you were to be seen popping in and out of the Ministry from time to time, for instance, that would give the right impres\-sion. And of course, while you were there, you would have ample opportunity to speak to Gawain Robards, my successor as Head of the Auror office. Dolores Umbridge has told me that you cherish an ambition to become an Auror. Well, that could be arranged very easily. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt anger bubbling in the pit of his stomach: So Dolores Umbridge was still at the Ministry, was she?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So basically,\rdblquote  he said, as though he just wanted to clarify a few points, \ldblquote you\rquote d like to give the impression that I\rquote m working for the Ministry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It would give everyone a lift to think you were more involved, Harry,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, sounding relieved that Harry had cot\-toned on so quickly. \ldblquote  \lquote The Chosen One,\rquote  you know\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 It\rquote s all about giving people hope, the feeling that exciting things are hap\-pening. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if I keep running in and out of the Ministry,\rdblquote  said Harry, still endeavoring to keep his voice friendly, \ldblquote won\rquote t that seem as though I approve of what the Ministry\rquote s up to?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, frowning slightly, \ldblquote well, yes, that\rquote s partly why we\rquote d like \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t think that\rquote ll work,\rdblquote  said Harry pleasantly. \ldblquote You see, I don\rquote t like some of the things the Ministry\rquote s doing. Locking up Stan Shunpike, for instance.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour did not speak for a moment but his expression hard\-ened instantly. \ldblquote I would not expect you to understand,\rdblquote  he said, and he was not as successful at keeping anger out of his voice as Harry had been. \ldblquote These are dangerous times, and certain measures need to be taken. You are sixteen years old \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s a lot older than sixteen, and he doesn\rquote t think Stan should be in Azkaban either,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You\rquote re making Stan a scapegoat, just like you want to make me a mascot.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They looked at each other, long and hard. Finally Scrimgeour said, with no pretense at warmth, \ldblquote I see. You prefer \emdash  like your hero, Dumbledore \emdash  to disassociate yourself from the Ministry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want to be used,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Some would say it\rquote s your duty to be used by the Ministry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, and others might say it\rquote s your duty to check that people really are Death Eaters before you chuck them in prison,\rdblquote  said Harry, his temper rising now. \ldblquote You\rquote re doing what Barty Crouch\lang3081  \lang1033 did. You never get it right, you people, do you? Either we\rquote ve got Fudge, pretending everything\rquote s lovely while people get murdered right under his nose, or we\rquote ve got you, chucking the wrong people into jail and trying to pretend you\rquote ve got \lquote the Chosen One\rquote  work\-ing for you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you\rquote re not \lquote the Chosen One\rquote ?\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you said it didn\rquote t matter either way?\rdblquote  said Harry, with a bitter laugh. \ldblquote Not to you anyway.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I shouldn\rquote t have said that,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour quickly. \ldblquote It was tactless \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it was honest,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote One of the only honest things you\rquote ve said to me. You don\rquote t care whether I live or die, but you do care that I help you convince everyone you\rquote re winning the war against Voldemort. I haven\rquote t forgotten, Minister. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He raised his right fist. There, shining white on the back of his cold hand, were the scars which Dolores Umbridge had forced him to carve into his own flesh: \i I must not tell lies.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t remember you rushing to my defense when I was trying to tell everyone Voldemort was back. The Ministry wasn\rquote t so keen to be pals last year.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They stood in silence as icy as the ground beneath their feet. The gnome had finally managed to extricate his worm and was now sucking on it happily, leaning against the bottommost branches of the rhododendron bush.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is Dumbledore up to?\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour brusquely. \ldblquote Where does he go when he is absent from Hogwarts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you wouldn\rquote t tell me if you knew,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, \ldblquote would you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I wouldn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, then, I shall have to see whether I can\rquote t find out by other means.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can try,\rdblquote  said Harry indifferently. \ldblquote But you seem cleverer than Fudge, so I\rquote d have thought you\rquote d have learned from his mis\-takes. He tried interfering at Hogwarts. You might have noticed he\rquote s not Minister anymore, but Dumbledore\rquote s still headmaster. I\rquote d leave Dumbledore alone, if I were you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a long pause.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it is clear to me that he has done a very good job on you,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, his eyes cold and hard behind his wire-rimmed glasses. \ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s man through and through, aren\rquote t you, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I am,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Glad we straightened that out.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And turning his back on the Minister of Magic, he strode back toward the house.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 17\par
\pard\qc A Sluggish Memory\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Late in the afternoon, a few days after New Year, Harry, Ron, and Ginny lined up beside the kitchen fire to return to Hog\-warts. The Ministry had arranged this one-off connection to the Floo Network to return students quickly and safely to the school. Only Mrs. Weasley was there to say good-bye, as Mr. Weasley, Fred, George, Bill, and Fleur were all at work. Mrs. Weasley dis\-solved into tears at the moment of parting. Admittedly, it took very little to set her off lately; she had been crying on and off ever since Percy had stormed from the house on Christmas Day with his glasses splattered with mashed parsnip (for which Fred, George, and Ginny all claimed credit).\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t cry, Mum,\rdblquote  said Ginny, patting her on the back as Mrs. Weasley sobbed into her shoulder. \ldblquote It\rquote s okay. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, don\rquote t worry about us,\rdblquote  said Ron, permitting his mother to plant a very wet kiss on his cheek, \ldblquote or about Percy. He\rquote s such a prat, it\rquote s not really a loss, is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley sobbed harder than ever as she enfolded Harry in her arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Promise me you\rquote ll look after yourself. \'85 Stay out of trou\-ble. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I always do, Mrs. Weasley,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I like a quiet life, you know me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She gave a watery chuckle and stood back. \ldblquote Be good, then, all of you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stepped into the emerald fire and shouted \ldblquote Hogwarts!\rdblquote  He had one last fleeting view of the Weasleys\rquote  kitchen and Mrs. Weasley\rquote s tearful face before the flames engulfed him; spinning very fast, he caught blurred glimpses of other Wizarding rooms, which were whipped out of sight before he could get a proper look; then he was slowing down, finally stopping squarely in the fireplace in Professor McGonagall\rquote s office. She barely glanced up from her work as he clambered out over the grate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Evening, Potter. Try not to get too much ash on the carpet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Professor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry straightened his glasses and flattened his hair as Ron came spinning into view. When Ginny had arrived, all three of them trooped out of McGonagall\rquote s office and off toward Gryffindor Tower. Harry glanced out of the corridor windows as they passed; the sun was already sinking over grounds carpeted in deeper snow than had lain over the Burrow garden. In the distance, he could see Hagrid feeding Buckbeak in front of his cabin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Baubles,\rdblquote  said Ron confidently, when they reached the Fat Lady, who was looking rather paler than usual and winced at his loud voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, \lquote no\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is a new password,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote And please don\rquote t shout.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But we\rquote ve been away, how\rquote re we supposed to \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! Ginny!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was hurrying toward them, very pink-faced and wear\-ing a cloak, hat, and gloves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I got back a couple of hours ago, I\rquote ve just been down to visit Hagrid and Buck \emdash  I mean Witherwings,\rdblquote  she said breathlessly. \ldblquote Did you have a good Christmas?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron at once, \ldblquote pretty eventful, Rufus Scrim \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got something for you, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, neither looking at Ron nor giving any sign that she had heard him. \ldblquote Oh, hang on \emdash  password. \i Abstinence.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Precisely,\rdblquote  said the Fat Lady in a feeble voice, and swung for\-ward to reveal the portrait hole.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s up with her?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Overindulged over Christmas, apparently,\rdblquote  said Hermione, rolling her eyes as she led the way into the packed common room. \ldblquote She and her friend Violet drank their way through all the wine in that picture of drunk monks down by the Charms corridor. Anyway \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She rummaged in her pocket for a moment, then pulled out a scroll of parchment with Dumbledore\rquote s writing on it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Great,\rdblquote  said Harry, unrolling it at once to discover that his next lesson with Dumbledore was scheduled for the following night. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got loads to tell him \emdash  and you. Let\rquote s sit down \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But at that moment there was a loud squeal of \ldblquote Won-Won!\rdblquote  and Lavender Brown came hurtling out of nowhere and flung herself into Ron\rquote s arms. Several onlookers sniggered; Hermione gave a\lang3081  \lang1033 tinkling laugh and said, \ldblquote There\rquote s a table over here. \'85 Coming, Ginny?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, thanks, I said I\rquote d meet Dean,\rdblquote  said Ginny, though Harry could not help noticing that she did not sound very enthusiastic. Leaving Ron and Lavender locked in a kind of vertical wrestling match, Harry led Hermione over to the spare table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So how was your Christmas?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, fine,\rdblquote  she shrugged. \ldblquote Nothing special. How was it at Won-Won\rquote s?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll tell you in a minute,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Look, Hermione, can\rquote t you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I can\rquote t,\rdblquote  she said flatly. \ldblquote So don\rquote t even ask.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought maybe, you know, over Christmas \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was the Fat Lady who drank a vat of five-hundred-year-old wine, Harry, not me. So what was this important news you wanted to tell me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked too fierce to argue with at that moment, so Harry dropped the subject of Ron and recounted all that he had overheard between Malfoy and Snape. When he had finished, Hermione sat in thought for a moment and then said, \ldblquote Don\rquote t you think \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  he was pretending to offer help so that he could trick Mal\-foy into telling him what he\rquote s doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron\rquote s dad and Lupin think so,\rdblquote  Harry said grudgingly. \ldblquote But this definitely proves Malfoy\rquote s planning something, you can\rquote t deny that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I can\rquote t,\rdblquote  she answered slowly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And he\rquote s acting on Voldemort\rquote s orders, just like I said!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmm \'85 did either of them actually mention Voldemort\rquote s name?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry frowned, trying to remember. \ldblquote I\rquote m not sure \'85 Snape definitely said \lquote your master,\rquote  and who else would that be?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Hermione, biting her lip. \ldblquote Maybe his father?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stared across the room, apparently lost in thought, not even noticing Lavender tickling Ron. \ldblquote How\rquote s Lupin?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not great,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he told her all about Lupin\rquote s mission among the werewolves and the difficulties he was facing. \ldblquote Have you heard of this Fenrir Greyback?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I have!\rdblquote  said Hermione, sounding startled. \ldblquote And so have you, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When, History of Magic? You know full well I never lis\-tened \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, not History of Magic \emdash  Malfoy threatened Borgin with him!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Back in Knockturn Alley, don\rquote t you re\-member? He told Borgin that Greyback was an old family friend and that he\rquote d be checking up on Borgin\rquote s progress!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry gaped at her. \ldblquote I forgot! But this \i proves\i0  Malfoy\rquote s a Death Eater, how else could he be in contact with Greyback and telling him what to do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is pretty suspicious,\rdblquote  breathed Hermione. \ldblquote Unless \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, come on,\rdblquote  said Harry in exasperation, \ldblquote you can\rquote t get round this one!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 there is the possibility it was an empty threat.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re unbelievable, you are,\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking his head. \ldblquote We\rquote ll see who\rquote s right. \'85 You\rquote ll be eating your words, Hermione,\lang3081  \lang1033 just like the Ministry. Oh yeah, I had a row with Rufus Scrimgeour as well. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And the rest of the evening passed amicably with both of them abusing the Minister of Magic, for Hermione, like Ron, thought that after all the Ministry had put Harry through the previous year, they had a great deal of nerve asking him for help now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The new term started next morning with a pleasant surprise for the sixth years: a large sign had been pinned to the common room notice boards overnight.\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 APPARITION LESSONS\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 If you are seventeen years of age, or will turn seventeen on or before the 31st August next, you are eligible for a twelve-week course of Apparition Lessons from a Min\-istry of Magic Apparition instructor. Please sign below if you would like to participate. Cost: 12 Galleons.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron joined the crowd that was jostling around the notice and taking it in turns to write their names at the bottom. Ron was just taking out his quill to sign after Hermione when Lavender crept up behind him, slipped her hands over his eyes, and trilled, \ldblquote Guess who, Won-Won?\rdblquote  Harry turned to see Hermione stalking off; he caught up with her, having no wish to stay behind with Ron and Lavender, but to his surprise, Ron caught up with them only a little way beyond the portrait hole, his ears bright red and his expression disgruntled. Without a word, Hermione sped up to walk with Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \emdash  Apparition,\rdblquote  said Ron, his tone making it perfectly plain\lang3081  \lang1033 that Harry was not to mention what had just happened. \ldblquote Should be a laugh, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Maybe it\rquote s better when you do it your\-self, I didn\rquote t enjoy it much when Dumbledore took me along for the ride.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I forgot you\rquote d already done it. \'85 I\rquote d better pass my test first time,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking anxious. \ldblquote Fred and George did.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Charlie failed, though, didn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but Charlie\rquote s bigger than me\rdblquote  \emdash  Ron held his arms out from his body as though he was a gorilla \emdash  \ldblquote so Fred and George didn\rquote t go on about it much \'85 not to his face anyway \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When can we take the actual test?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Soon as we\rquote re seventeen. That\rquote s only March for me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but you wouldn\rquote t be able to Apparate in here, not in the castle \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not the point, is it? Everyone would know I \i could\i0  Apparate if I wanted.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was not the only one to be excited at the prospect of Ap\-parition. All that day there was much talk about the forthcoming lessons; a great deal of store was set by being able to vanish and reappear at will.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How cool will it be when we can just \emdash\rdblquote  Seamus clicked his fingers to indicate disappearance. \ldblquote Me cousin Fergus does it just to annoy me, you wait till I can do it back \'85 He\rquote ll never have an\-other peaceful moment. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lost in visions of this happy prospect, he flicked his wand a lit\-tle too enthusiastically, so that instead of producing the fountain of pure water that was the object of today\rquote s Charms lesson, he let out\lang3081  \lang1033 a hoselike jet that ricocheted off the ceiling and knocked Professor Flitwick flat on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry\rquote s already Apparated,\rdblquote  Ron told a slightly abashed Sea\-mus, after Professor Flitwick had dried himself off with a wave of his wand and set Seamus lines: \ldblquote\i I am a wizard, not a baboon bran\-dishing a stick.\i0\rdblquote  \ldblquote Dum \emdash  er \emdash  someone took him. Side-Along-Apparition, you know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whoa!\rdblquote  whispered Seamus, and he, Dean, and Neville put their heads a little closer to hear what Apparition felt like. For the rest of the day, Harry was besieged with requests from the other sixth years to describe the sensation of Apparition. All of them seemed awed, rather than put off, when he told them how uncomfortable it was, and he was still answering detailed questions at ten to eight that evening, when he was forced to lie and say that he needed to return a book to the library, so as to escape in time for his lesson with Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The lamps in Dumbledore\rquote s office were lit, the portraits of pre\-vious headmasters were snoring gently in their frames, and the Pen\-sieve was ready upon the desk once more. Dumbledore\rquote s hands lay on either side of it, the right one as blackened and burnt-looking as ever. It did not seem to have healed at all and Harry wondered, for perhaps the hundredth time, what had caused such a distinctive in\-jury, but did not ask; Dumbledore had said that he would know eventually and there was, in any case, another subject he wanted to discuss. But before Harry could say anything about Snape and Malfoy, Dumbledore spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hear that you met the Minister of Magic over Christmas?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He\rquote s not very happy with me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  sighed Dumbledore. \ldblquote He is not very happy with me either. We must try not to sink beneath our anguish, Harry, but battle on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry grinned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He wanted me to tell the Wizarding community that the Min\-istry\rquote s doing a wonderful job.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was Fudge\rquote s idea originally, you know. During his last days in office, when he was trying desperately to cling to his post, he sought a meeting with you, hoping that you would give him your support \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote After everything Fudge did last year?\rdblquote  said Harry angrily. \ldblquote After \i Umbridge\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told Cornelius there was no chance of it, but the idea did not die when he left office. Within hours of Scrimgeour\rquote s appointment we met and he demanded that I arrange a meeting with you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that\rquote s why you argued!\rdblquote  Harry blurted out. \ldblquote It was in the \i Daily Prophet.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The \i Prophet\i0  is bound to report the truth occasionally,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote if only accidentally. Yes, that was why we argued. Well, it appears that Rufus found a way to corner you at last.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He accused me of being \lquote Dumbledore\rquote s man through and through.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How very rude of him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told him I was.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore opened his mouth to speak and then closed it again. Behind Harry, Fawkes the phoenix let out a low, soft, musi\-cal cry. To Harry\rquote s intense embarrassment, he suddenly realized\lang3081  \lang1033 that Dumbledore\rquote s bright blue eyes looked rather watery, and stared hastily at his own knees. When Dumbledore spoke, how\-ever, his voice was quite steady.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am very touched, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Scrimgeour wanted to know where you go when you\rquote re not at Hogwarts,\rdblquote  said Harry, still looking fixedly at his knees.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, he is very nosy about that,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, now sound\-ing cheerful, and Harry thought it safe to look up again. \ldblquote He has even attempted to have me followed. Amusing, really. He set Dawlish to tail me. It wasn\rquote t kind. I have already been forced to jinx Dawlish once; I did it again with the greatest regret.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So they still don\rquote t know where you go?\rdblquote  asked Harry, hoping for more information on this intriguing subject, but Dumbledore merely smiled over the top of his half-moon spectacles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, they don\rquote t, and the time is not quite right for you to know either. Now, I suggest we press on, unless there\rquote s anything else \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is, actually, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote It\rquote s about Malfoy and Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Professor\i0  Snape, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir. I overheard them during Professor Slughorn\rquote s party \'85 well, I followed them, actually. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore listened to Harry\rquote s story with an impassive face. When Harry had finished he did not speak for a few moments, then said, \ldblquote Thank you for telling me this, Harry, but I suggest that you put it out of your mind. I do not think that it is of great importance.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not of great importance?\rdblquote  repeated Harry incredulously. \ldblquote Pro\-fessor, did you understand \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Harry, blessed as I am with extraordinary brainpower, I\lang3081  \lang1033 understood everything you told me,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, a little sharply. \ldblquote I think you might even consider the possibility that I un\-derstood more than you did. Again, I am glad that you have con\-fided in me, but let me reassure you that you have not told me anything that causes me disquiet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat in seething silence, glaring at Dumbledore. What was going on? Did this mean that Dumbledore had indeed ordered Snape to find out what Malfoy was doing, in which case he had already heard everything Harry had just told him from Snape? Or was he really worried by what he had heard, but pretending not to be?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry, in what he hoped was a polite, calm voice, \ldblquote you definitely still trust \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have been tolerant enough to answer that question already,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, but he did not sound very tolerant anymore. \ldblquote My answer has not changed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I should think not,\rdblquote  said a snide voice; Phineas Nigellus was ev\-idently only pretending to be asleep. Dumbledore ignored him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now, Harry, I must insist that we press on. I have more im\-portant things to discuss with you this evening.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat there feeling mutinous. How would it be if he refused to permit the change of subject, if he insisted upon arguing the case against Malfoy? As though he had read Harry\rquote s mind, Dumbledore shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, Harry, how often this happens, even between the best of friends! Each of us believes that what he has to say is much more important than anything the other might have to contribute!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think what you\rquote ve got to say is unimportant, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry stiffly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you are quite right, because it is not,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore briskly. \ldblquote I have two more memories to show you this evening, both obtained with enormous difficulty, and the second of them is, I think, the most important I have collected.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not say anything to this; he still felt angry at the re\-ception his confidences had received, but could not see what was to be gained by arguing further.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, in a ringing voice, \ldblquote we meet this eve\-ning to continue the tale of Tom Riddle, whom we left last lesson poised on the threshold of his years at Hogwarts. You will remem\-ber how excited he was to hear that he was a wizard, that he refused my company on a trip to Diagon Alley, and that I, in turn, warned him against continued thievery when he arrived at school.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, the start of the school year arrived and with it came Tom Riddle, a quiet boy in his secondhand robes, who lined up with the other first years to be sorted. He was placed in Slytherin House al\-most the moment that the Sorting Hat touched his head,\rdblquote  contin\-ued Dumbledore, waving his blackened hand toward the shelf over his head where the Sorting Hat sat, ancient and unmoving. \ldblquote How soon Riddle learned that the famous founder of the House could talk to snakes, I do not know \emdash  perhaps that very evening. The knowledge can only have excited him and increased his sense of self-importance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote However, if he was frightening or impressing fellow Slytherins with displays of Parseltongue in their common room, no hint of it reached the staff. He showed no sign of outward arrogance or ag\-gression at all. As an unusually talented and very good-looking or\-phan, he naturally drew attention and sympathy from the staff almost from the moment of his arrival. He seemed polite, quiet,\lang3081  \lang1033 and thirsty for knowledge. Nearly all were most favorably im\-pressed by him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t you tell them, sir, what he\rquote d been like when you met him at the orphanage?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I did not. Though he had shown no hint of remorse, it was possible that he felt sorry for how he had behaved before and was resolved to turn over a fresh leaf. I chose to give him that chance.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore paused and looked inquiringly at Harry, who had opened his mouth to speak. Here, again, was Dumbledore\rquote s ten\-dency to trust people in spite of overwhelming evidence that they did not deserve it! But then Harry remembered something. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you didn\rquote t \i really\i0  trust him, sir, did you? He told me \'85 the Riddle who came out of that diary said, \lquote Dumbledore never seemed to like me as much as the other teachers did.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let us say that I did not take it for granted that he was trust\-worthy,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I had, as I have already indicated, re\-solved to keep a close eye upon him, and so I did. I cannot pretend that I gleaned a great deal from my observations at first. He was very guarded with me; he felt, I am sure, that in the thrill of dis\-covering his true identity he had told me a little too much. He was careful never to reveal as much again, but he could not take back what he had let slip in his excitement, nor what Mrs. Cole had con\-fided in me. However, he had the sense never to try and charm me as he charmed so many of my colleagues.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As he moved up the school, he gathered about him a group of dedicated friends; I call them that, for want of a better term, although as I have already indicated, Riddle undoubtedly felt no affection for any of them. This group had a kind of dark glamour within the castle. They were a motley collection; a mixture of the\lang3081  \lang1033 weak seeking protection, the ambitious seeking some shared glory, and the thuggish gravitating toward a leader who could show them more refined forms of cruelty. In other words, they were the fore\-runners of the Death Eaters, and indeed some of them became the first Death Eaters after leaving Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Rigidly controlled by Riddle, they were never detected in open wrongdoing, although their seven years at Hogwarts were marked by a number of nasty incidents to which they were never satisfac\-torily linked, the most serious of which was, of course, the opening of the Chamber of Secrets, which resulted in the death of a girl. As you know, Hagrid was wrongly accused of that crime.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have not been able to find many memories of Riddle at Hog\-warts,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, placing his withered hand on the Pen\-sieve. \ldblquote Few who knew him then are prepared to talk about him; they are too terrified. What I know, I found out after he had left Hogwarts, after much painstaking effort, after tracing those few who could be tricked into speaking, after searching old records and questioning Muggle and wizard witnesses alike.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Those whom I could persuade to talk told me that Riddle was obsessed with his parentage. This is understandable, of course; he had grown up in an orphanage and naturally wished to know how he came to be there. It seems that he searched in vain for some trace of Tom Riddle senior on the shields in the trophy room, on the lists of prefects in the old school records, even in the books of Wiz\-arding history. Finally he was forced to accept that his father had never set foot in Hogwarts. I believe that it was then that he dropped the name forever, assumed the identity of Lord Volde\-mort, and began his investigations into his previously despised\lang3081  \lang1033 mother\rquote s family \emdash  the woman whom, you will remember, he had thought could not be a witch if she had succumbed to the shame\-ful human weakness of death.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All he had to go upon was the single name \lquote Marvolo,\rquote  which he knew from those who ran the orphanage had been his mother\rquote s fa\-ther\rquote s name. Finally, after painstaking research through old books of Wizarding families, he discovered the existence of Slytherin\rquote s surviving line. In the summer of his sixteenth year, he left the or\-phanage to which he returned annually and set off to find his Gaunt relatives. And now, Harry, if you will stand \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore rose, and Harry saw that he was again holding a small crystal bottle filled with swirling, pearly memory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was very lucky to collect this,\rdblquote  he said, as he poured the gleaming mass into the Pensieve. \ldblquote As you will understand when we have experienced it. Shall we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stepped up to the stone basin and bowed obediently until his face sank through the surface of the memory; he felt the famil\-iar sensation of falling through nothingness and then landed upon a dirty stone floor in almost total darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It took him several seconds to recognize the place, by which time Dumbledore had landed beside him. The Gaunts\rquote  house was now more indescribably filthy than anywhere Harry had ever seen. The ceiling was thick with cobwebs, the floor coated in grime; moldy and rotting food lay upon the table amidst a mass of crusted pots. The only light came from a single guttering candle placed at the feet of a man with hair and beard so overgrown Harry could see neither eyes nor mouth. He was slumped in an armchair by the fire, and Harry wondered for a moment whether he was dead. But\lang3081  \lang1033 then there came a loud knock on the door and the man jerked awake, raising a wand in his right hand and a short knife in his left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door creaked open. There on the threshold, holding an old-fashioned lamp, stood a boy Harry recognized at once: tall, pale, dark-haired, and handsome \emdash  the teenage Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort\rquote s eyes moved slowly around the hovel and then found the man in the armchair. For a few seconds they looked at each other, then the man staggered upright, the many empty bottles at his feet clattering and tinkling across the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote YOU!\rdblquote  he bellowed. \ldblquote YOU!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he hurtled drunkenly at Riddle, wand and knife held aloft.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Stop.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle spoke in Parseltongue. The man skidded into the table, sending moldy pots crashing to the floor. He stared at Riddle. There was a long silence while they contemplated each other. The man broke it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You speak it\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Yes, I speak it,\i0\rdblquote  said Riddle. He moved forward into the room, allowing the door to swing shut behind him. Harry could not help but feel a resentful admiration for Voldemort\rquote s complete lack of fear. His face merely expressed disgust and, perhaps, disappoint\-ment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Where is Marvolo\i0 ?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Dead,\i0\rdblquote  said the other. \ldblquote\i Died\lang3081  \lang1033 years ago, didn\rquote t he\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle frowned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Who are you, then\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i I\rquote m Morfin, ain\rquote t I\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Marvolo\rquote s son\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote\i Course I am, then\i0  \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Morfin pushed the hair out of his dirty face, the better to see Riddle, and Harry saw that he wore Marvolo\rquote s black-stoned ring on his right hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i I thought you was that Muggle,\i0\rdblquote  whispered Morfin. \ldblquote\i You look mighty like that Muggle.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What Muggle\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Riddle sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i That Muggle what my sister took a fancy to, that Muggle what lives in the big house over the way,\i0\rdblquote  said Morfin, and he spat unexpectedly upon the floor between them. \ldblquote\i You look right like him. Riddle. But he\rquote s older now, in \rquote e? He\rquote s older\rquote n you, now I think on it. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Morfin looked slightly dazed and swayed a little, still clutching the edge of the table for support. \ldblquote\i He come back, see,\i0\rdblquote  he added stupidly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort was gazing at Morfin as though appraising his possi\-bilities. Now he moved a little closer and said, \ldblquote\i Riddle came back\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Ar, he left her, and serve her right, marrying filth\i0 !\rdblquote  said Morfin, spitting on the floor again. \ldblquote\i Robbed us, mind, before she ran off! Where\rquote s the locket, eh, where\rquote s Slytherin\rquote s locket\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort did not answer. Morfin was working himself into a rage again; he brandished his knife and shouted, \ldblquote\i Dishonored us, she did, that little slut! And who\rquote re you, coming here and asking ques\-tions about all that? It\rquote s over, innit. \'85 It\rquote s over. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked away, staggering slightly, and Voldemort moved for\-ward. As he did so, an unnatural darkness fell, extinguishing Volde\-mort\rquote s lamp and Morfin\rquote s candle, extinguishing everything. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s fingers closed tightly around Harry\rquote s arm and\lang3081  \lang1033 they were soaring back into the present again. The soft golden light in Dumbledore\rquote s office seemed to dazzle Harry\rquote s eyes after that im\-penetrable darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is that all?\rdblquote  said Harry at once. \ldblquote Why did it go dark, what hap\-pened?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because Morfin could not remember anything from that point onward,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, gesturing Harry back into his seat. \ldblquote When he awoke next morning, he was lying on the floor, quite alone. Marvolo\rquote s ring had gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Meanwhile, in the village of Little Hangleton, a maid was run\-ning along the High Street, screaming that there were three bodies lying in the drawing room of the big house: Tom Riddle Senior and his mother and father.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Muggle authorities were perplexed. As far as I am aware, they do not know to this day how the Riddles died, for the \i Avada Kedavra\i0  curse does not usually leave any sign of damage. \'85 The exception sits before me,\rdblquote  Dumbledore added, with a nod to Harry\rquote s scar. \ldblquote The Ministry, on the other hand, knew at once that this was a wizard\rquote s murder. They also knew that a convicted Muggle-hater lived across the valley from the Riddle house, a Muggle-hater who had already been imprisoned once for attacking one of the murdered people.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So the Ministry called upon Morfin. They did not need to question him, to use Veritaserum or Legilimency. He admitted to the murder on the spot, giving details only the murderer could know. He was proud, he said, to have killed the Muggles, had been awaiting his chance all these years. He handed over his wand, which was proved at once to have been used to kill the Riddles. And he permitted himself to be led off to Azkaban without a fight.\lang3081  \lang1033 All that disturbed him was the fact that his father\rquote s ring had disap\-peared. \lquote He\rquote ll kill me for losing it,\rquote  he told his captors over and over again. \lquote He\rquote ll kill me for losing his ring.\rquote  And that, apparently, was all he ever said again. He lived out the remainder of his life in Azka\-ban, lamenting the loss of Marvolo\rquote s last heirloom, and is buried beside the prison, alongside the other poor souls who have expired within its walls.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So Voldemort stole Morfin\rquote s wand and used it?\rdblquote  said Harry, sit\-ting up straight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote We have no memories to show us this, but I think we can be fairly sure what happened. Voldemort Stupefied his uncle, took his wand, and proceeded across the valley to \lquote the big house over the way\rquote  There he murdered the Muggle man who had abandoned his witch mother, and, for good measure, his Muggle grandparents, thus obliterating the last of the unworthy Riddle line and revenging himself upon the father who never wanted him. Then he returned to the Gaunt hovel, per\-formed the complex bit of magic that would implant a false mem\-ory in his uncle\rquote s mind, laid Morfin\rquote s wand beside its unconscious owner, pocketed the ancient ring he wore, and departed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Morfin never realized he hadn\rquote t done it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote He gave, as I say, a full and boastful confession.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he had this real memory in him all the time!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but it took a great deal of skilled Legilimency to coax it out of him,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote and why should anybody delve further into Morfin\rquote s mind when he had already confessed to the crime? However, I was able to secure a visit to Morfin in the last weeks of his life, by which time I was attempting to discover as much as I\lang3081  \lang1033 could about Voldemort\rquote s past. I extracted this memory with diffi\-culty. When I saw what it contained, I attempted to use it to secure Morfin\rquote s release from Azkaban. Before the Ministry reached their decision, however, Morfin had died.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how come the Ministry didn\rquote t realize that Voldemort had done all that to Morfin?\rdblquote  Harry asked angrily. \ldblquote He was underage at the time, wasn\rquote t he? I thought they could detect underage magic!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are quite right \emdash  they can detect magic, but not the per\-petrator: You will remember that you were blamed by the Ministry for the Hover Charm that was, in fact, cast by \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby,\rdblquote  growled Harry; this injustice still rankled. \ldblquote So if you\rquote re underage and you do magic inside an adult witch or wizard\rquote s house, the Ministry won\rquote t know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They will certainly be unable to tell who performed the magic,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling slightly at the look of great indignation on Harry\rquote s face. \ldblquote They rely on witch and wizard parents to enforce their offspring\rquote s obedience while within their walls.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s rubbish,\rdblquote  snapped Harry. \ldblquote Look what happened here, look what happened to Morfin!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I agree,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Whatever Morfin was, he did not deserve to die as he did, blamed for murders he had not commit\-ted. But it is getting late, and I want you to see this other memory before we part. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore took from an inside pocket another crystal phial and Harry fell silent at once, remembering that Dumbledore had said it was the most important one he had collected. Harry noticed that the contents proved difficult to empty into the Pensieve, as though they had congealed slightly; did memories go bad?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This will not take long,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, when he had finally\lang3081  \lang1033 emptied the phial. \ldblquote We shall be back before you know it. Once more into the Pensieve, then \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Harry fell again through the silver surface, landing this time right in front of a man he recognized at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a much younger Horace Slughorn. Harry was so used to him bald that he found the sight of Slughorn with thick, shiny, straw-colored hair quite disconcerting; it looked as though he had had his head thatched, though there was already a shiny Galleon-sized bald patch on his crown. His mustache, less massive than it was these days, was gingery-blond. He was not quite as rotund as the Slughorn Harry knew, though the golden buttons on his richly embroidered waistcoat were taking a fair amount of strain. His lit\-tle feet resting upon a velvet pouffe, he was sitting well back in a comfortable winged armchair, one hand grasping a small glass of wine, the other searching through a box of crystalized pineapple.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around as Dumbledore appeared beside him and saw that they were standing in Slughorn\rquote s office. Half a dozen boys were sitting around Slughorn, all on harder or lower seats than his, and all in their mid-teens. Harry recognized Voldemort at once. His was the most handsome face and he looked the most relaxed of all the boys. His right hand lay negligently upon the arm of his chair; with a jolt, Harry saw that he was wearing Marvolo\rquote s gold-and-black ring; he had already killed his father.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tom, Tom, if I knew I couldn\rquote t tell you,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, wag\-ging a reproving, sugar-covered finger at Riddle, though ruining the effect slightly by winking. \ldblquote I must say, I\rquote d like to know where you get your information, boy, more knowledgeable than half the staff, you are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle smiled; the other boys laughed and cast him admiring looks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What with your uncanny ability to know things you shouldn\rquote t, and your careful flattery of the people who matter \emdash  thank you for the pineapple, by the way, you\rquote re quite right, it is my favorite \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As several of the boys tittered, something very odd happened. The whole room was suddenly filled with a thick white fog, so that Harry could see nothing but the face of Dumbledore, who was standing beside him. Then Slughorn\rquote s voice rang out through the mist, unnaturally loudly, \ldblquote\i You\rquote ll\lang3081  \lang1033 go wrong, boy, mark my words.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The fog cleared as suddenly as it had appeared and yet nobody made any allusion to it, nor did anybody look as though anything unusual had just happened. Bewildered, Harry looked around as a small golden clock standing upon Slughorn\rquote s desk chimed eleven o\rquote clock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good gracious, is it that time already?\rdblquote  said Slughorn. \ldblquote You\rquote d better get going, boys, or we\rquote ll all be in trouble. Lestrange, I want your essay by tomorrow or it\rquote s detention. Same goes for you, Avery.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn pulled himself out of his armchair and carried his empty glass over to his desk as the boys filed out. Voldemort, how\-ever, stayed behind. Harry could tell he had dawdled deliberately, wanting to be last in the room with Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look sharp, Tom,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, turning around and finding him still present. \ldblquote You don\rquote t want to be caught out of bed out of hours, and you a prefect\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir, I wanted to ask you something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ask away, then, m\rquote boy, ask away. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir, I wondered what you know about\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 about Horcruxes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And it happened all over again: The dense fog filled the room\lang3081  \lang1033 so that Harry could not see Slughorn or Voldemort at all; only Dumbledore, smiling serenely beside him. Then Slughorn\rquote s voice boomed out again, just as it had done before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i I don\rquote t know anything about Horcruxes and I wouldn\rquote t tell you if I did! Now get out of here at once and don\rquote t let me catch you mentioning them again\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s that,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore placidly beside Harry. \ldblquote Time to go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Harry\rquote s feet left the floor to fall, seconds later, back onto the rug in front of Dumbledore\rquote s desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s all there is?\rdblquote  said Harry blankly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore had said that this was the most important memory of all, but he could not see what was so significant about it. Ad\-mittedly the fog, and the fact that nobody seemed to have noticed it, was odd, but other than that nothing seemed to have happened except that Voldemort had asked a question and failed to get an answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As you might have noticed,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, reseating him\-self behind his desk, \ldblquote that memory has been tampered with.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tampered with?\rdblquote  repeated Harry, sitting back down too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Professor Slughorn has meddled with his own recollections.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why would he do that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because, I think, he is ashamed of what he remembers,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote He has tried to rework the memory to show himself in a better light, obliterating those parts which he does not wish me to see. It is, as you will have noticed, very crudely done, and that is all to the good, for it shows that the true memory is still there be\-neath the alterations.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And so, for the first time, I am giving you homework, Harry. It will be your job to persuade Professor Slughorn to divulge the real memory, which will undoubtedly be our most crucial piece of in\-formation of all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But surely, sir,\rdblquote  he said, keeping his voice as respectful as pos\-sible, \ldblquote you don\rquote t need me \emdash  you could use Legilimency\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 or Veritaserum. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Slughorn is an extremely able wizard who will be ex\-pecting both,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote He is much more accomplished at Occlumency than poor Morfin Gaunt, and I would be aston\-ished if he has not carried an antidote to Veritaserum with him ever since I coerced him into giving me this travesty of a recollection.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I think it would be foolish to attempt to wrest the truth from Professor Slughorn by force, and might do much more harm than good; I do not wish him to leave Hogwarts. However, he has his weaknesses like the rest of us, and I believe that you are the one person who might be able to penetrate his defenses. It is most im\-portant that we secure the true memory, Harry. \'85 How impor\-tant, we will only know when we have seen the real thing. So, good luck \'85 and good night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A little taken aback by the abrupt dismissal, Harry got to his feet quickly. \ldblquote Good night, sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As he closed the study door behind him, he distinctly heard Phineas Nigellus say, \ldblquote I can\rquote t see why the boy should be able to do it better than you, Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t expect you to, Phineas,\rdblquote  replied Dumbledore, and Fawkes gave another low, musical cry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 18\par
\pard\qc Birthday Surprises\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
The next day Harry confided in both Ron and Hermione the task that Dumbledore had set him, though separately, for Hermione still refused to remain in Ron\rquote s presence longer than it took to give him a contemptuous look.\par
Ron thought that Harry was unlikely to have any trouble with Slughorn at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He loves you,\rdblquote  he said over breakfast, waving an airy forkful of fried egg. \ldblquote Won\rquote t refuse you anything, will he? Not his little Potions Prince. Just hang back after class this afternoon and ask him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione, however, took a gloomier view. \ldblquote He must be deter\-mined to hide what really happened if Dumbledore couldn\rquote t get it out of him,\rdblquote  she said in a low voice, as they stood in the deserted, snowy courtyard at break. \ldblquote Horcruxes \'85 \i Horcruxes\i0  \'85 I\rquote ve never even heard of them. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You haven\rquote t?\rdblquote  Harry was disappointed; he had hoped that\lang3081  \lang1033 Hermione might have been able to give him a clue as to what Hor\-cruxes were.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They must be really advanced Dark Magic, or why would Voldemort have wanted to know about them? I think it\rquote s going to be difficult to get the information, Harry, you\rquote ll have to be very careful about how you approach Slughorn, think out a strat\-egy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron reckons I should just hang back after Potions this after\-noon. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, well, if \i Won-Won\i0  thinks that, you\rquote d better do it,\rdblquote  she said, flaring up at once. \ldblquote After all, when has \i Won-Won\rquote s\i0  judgment ever been faulty?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, can\rquote t you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i No\i0 !\rdblquote  she said angrily, and stormed away, leaving Harry alone and ankle-deep in snow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Potions lessons were uncomfortable enough these days, seeing as Harry, Ron, and Hermione had to share a desk. Today, Hermione moved her cauldron around the table so that she was close to Ernie, and ignored both Harry and Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote ve\lang3081  \lang1033\i you\i0  done?\rdblquote  Ron muttered to Harry, looking at Hermi\-one\rquote s haughty profile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But before Harry could answer, Slughorn was calling for silence from the front of the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Settle down, settle down, please! Quickly, now, lots of work to get through this afternoon! Golpalott\rquote s Third Law \'85 who can tell me \emdash  ? But Miss Granger can, of course!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione recited at top speed: \ldblquote Golpalott\rquote s-Third-Law-states-that-the-antidote-for-a-blended-poison-will-be-equal-to-more-than-the-sum-of-the-antidotes-for-each-of-the-separate-components.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Precisely!\rdblquote  beamed Slughorn. \ldblquote Ten points for Gryffindor! Now, if we accept Golpalott\rquote s Third Law as true \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was going to have to take Slughorn\rquote s word for it that Gol\-palott\rquote s Third Law was true, because he had not understood any of it. Nobody apart from Hermione seemed to be following what Slughorn said next either.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 which means, of course, that assuming we have achieved correct identification of the potion\rquote s ingredients by Scarpin\rquote s Revel\-aspell, our primary aim is not the relatively simple one of selecting antidotes to those ingredients in and of themselves, but to find that added component that will, by an almost alchemical process, trans\-form these disparate elements \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was sitting beside Harry with his mouth half open, doo\-dling absently on his new copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making.\i0  Ron kept forgetting that he could no longer rely on Hermione to help him out of trouble when he failed to grasp what was going on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and so,\rdblquote  finished Slughorn, \ldblquote I want each of you to come and take one of these phials from my desk. You are to create an an\-tidote for the poison within it before the end of the lesson. Good luck, and don\rquote t forget your protective gloves!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione had left her stool and was halfway toward Slughorn\rquote s desk before the rest of the class had realized it was time to move, and by the time Harry, Ron, and Ernie returned to the table, she had already tipped the contents of her phial into her cauldron and was kindling a fire underneath it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s a shame that the Prince won\rquote t be able to help you much with this, Harry,\rdblquote  she said brightly as she straightened up. \ldblquote You have to understand the principles involved this time. No shortcuts or cheats!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Annoyed, Harry uncorked the poison he had taken from Slug\-horn\rquote s desk, which was a garish shade of pink, tipped it into his cauldron, and lit a fire underneath it. He did not have the faintest idea what he was supposed to do next. He glanced around at Ron, who was now standing there looking rather gormless, having copied everything Harry had done.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You sure the Prince hasn\rquote t got any tips?\rdblquote  Ron muttered to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled out his trusty copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  and turned to the chapter on antidotes. There was Golpalott\rquote s Third Law, stated word for word as Hermione had recited it, but not a single illuminating note in the Prince\rquote s hand to explain what it meant. Apparently the Prince, like Hermione, had had no diffi\-culty understanding it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Harry gloomily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was now waving her wand enthusiastically over her cauldron. Unfortunately, they could not copy the spell she was do\-ing because she was now so good at nonverbal incantations that she did not need to say the words aloud. Ernie Macmillan, however, was muttering, \ldblquote\i Specialis Revelio\i0 !\rdblquote  over his cauldron, which sounded impressive, so Harry and Ron hastened to imitate him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It took Harry only five minutes to realize that his reputation as the best potion-maker in the class was crashing around his ears. Slughorn had peered hopefully into his cauldron on his first circuit of the dungeon, preparing to exclaim in delight as he usually did, and instead had withdrawn his head hastily, coughing, as the smell of bad eggs overwhelmed him. Hermione\rquote s expression could not have been any smugger; she had loathed being outperformed in every Potions class. She was now decanting the mysteriously sepa\-rated ingredients of her poison into ten different crystal phials. More to avoid watching this irritating sight than anything else, Harry bent over the Half-Blood Prince\rquote s book and turned a few pages with unnecessary force.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And there it was, scrawled right across a long list of antidotes:\par
\lang3081\par
\pard\qc\lang1033\i Just\lang3081  shove a bezoar down their throats\lang1033 .\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
Harry stared at these words for a moment. Hadn\rquote t he once, long ago, heard of bezoars? Hadn\rquote t Snape mentioned them in their first-ever Potions lesson? \ldblquote\i A stone taken from the stomach of a goat, which will protect from most poisons.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was not an answer to the Golpalott problem, and had Snape still been their teacher, Harry would not have dared do it, but this was a moment for desperate measures. He hastened toward the store cupboard and rummaged within it, pushing aside unicorn horns and tangles of dried herbs until he found, at the very back, a small cardboard box on which had been scribbled the word\lang3081  \lang1033 bezoars.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened the box just as Slughorn called, \ldblquote Two minutes left, everyone!\rdblquote  Inside were half a dozen shriveled brown objects, look\-ing more like dried-up kidneys than real stones. Harry seized one, put the box back in the cupboard, and hurried back to his cauldron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Time\rquote s \'85 UP!\rdblquote  called Slughorn genially. \ldblquote Well, let\rquote s see how you\rquote ve done! Blaise \'85 what have you got for me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slowly, Slughorn moved around the room, examining the vari\-ous antidotes. Nobody had finished the task, although Hermione was trying to cram a few more ingredients into her bottle before\lang3081  \lang1033 Slughorn reached her. Ron had given up completely, and was merely trying to avoid breathing in the putrid fumes issuing from his cauldron. Harry stood there waiting, the bezoar clutched in a slightly sweaty hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn reached their table last. He sniffed Ernie\rquote s potion and passed on to Ron\rquote s with a grimace. He did not linger over Ron\rquote s cauldron, but backed away swiftly, retching slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you, Harry,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote What have you got to show me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry held out his hand, the bezoar sitting on his palm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn looked down at it for a full ten seconds. Harry won\-dered, for a moment, whether he was going to shout at him. Then he threw back his head and roared with laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve got nerve, boy!\rdblquote  he boomed, taking the bezoar and hold\-ing it up so that the class could see it. \ldblquote Oh, you\rquote re like your mother. \'85 Well, I can\rquote t fault you. \'85 A bezoar would certainly act as an antidote to all these potions!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione, who was sweaty-faced and had soot on her nose, looked livid. Her half-finished antidote, comprising fifty-two in\-gredients, including a chunk of her own hair, bubbled sluggishly behind Slughorn, who had eyes for nobody but Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you thought of a bezoar all by yourself, did you, Harry?\rdblquote  she asked through gritted teeth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s the individual spirit a real potion-maker needs!\rdblquote  said Slughorn happily, before Harry could reply. \ldblquote Just like his mother, she had the same intuitive grasp of potion-making, it\rquote s undoubt\-edly from Lily he gets it. \'85 Yes, Harry, yes, if you\rquote ve got a bezoar to hand, of course that would do the trick\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 although as they don\rquote t work on everything, and are pretty rare, it\rquote s still worth know\-ing how to mix antidotes. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The only person in the room looking angrier than Hermione was Malfoy, who, Harry was pleased to see, had spilled something that looked like cat-sick over himself. Before either of them could express their fury that Harry had come top of the class by not do\-ing any work, however, the bell rang.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Time to pack up!\rdblquote  said Slughorn. \ldblquote And an extra ten points to Gryffindor for sheer cheek!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Still chuckling, he waddled back to his desk at the front of the dungeon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dawdled behind, taking an inordinate amount of time to do up his bag. Neither Ron nor Hermione wished him luck as they left; both looked rather annoyed. At last Harry and Slughorn were the only two left in the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, now, Harry, you\rquote ll be late for your next lesson,\rdblquote  said Slughorn affably, snapping the gold clasps shut on his dragon-skin briefcase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir,\rdblquote  said Harry, reminding himself irresistibly of Voldemort, \ldblquote I wanted to ask you something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ask away, then, my dear boy, ask away. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir, I wondered what you know about\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 about Horcruxes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn froze. His round face seemed to sink in upon itself. He licked his lips and said hoarsely, \ldblquote What did you say?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I asked whether you know anything about Horcruxes, sir. You see \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore put you up to this,\rdblquote  whispered Slughorn. His voice had changed completely. It was not genial anymore, but shocked, terrified. He fumbled in his breast pocket and pulled out a handkerchief, mopping his sweating brow. \ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s shown you that \emdash  that memory. Well? Hasn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, deciding on the spot that it was best not to lie.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, of course,\rdblquote  said Slughorn quietly, still dabbing at his white face. \ldblquote Of course \'85 well, if you\rquote ve seen that memory, Harry, you\rquote ll know that I don\rquote t know anything \emdash  \i anything\i0\rdblquote  \emdash  he repeated the word forcefully \emdash  \ldblquote about Horcruxes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He seized his dragon-skin briefcase, stuffed his handkerchief back into his pocket, and marched to the dungeon door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir,\rdblquote  said Harry desperately, \ldblquote I just thought there might be a bit more to the memory \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you?\rdblquote  said Slughorn. \ldblquote Then you were wrong, weren\rquote t you? WRONG!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He bellowed the last word and, before Harry could say another word, slammed the dungeon door behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neither Ron nor Hermione was at all sympathetic when Harry told them of this disastrous interview. Hermione was still seething at the way Harry had triumphed without doing the work properly. Ron was resentful that Harry hadn\rquote t slipped him a bezoar too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It would\rquote ve just looked stupid if we\rquote d both done it!\rdblquote  said Harry irritably. \ldblquote Look, I had to try and soften him up so I could ask him about Voldemort, didn\rquote t I? Oh, will you \i get a grip\i0 !\rdblquote  he added in ex\-asperation, as Ron winced at the sound of the name.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Infuriated by his failure and by Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s attitudes, Harry brooded for the next few days over what to do next about Slughorn. He decided that, for the time being, he would let Slug\-horn think that he had forgotten all about Horcruxes; it was surely best to lull him into a false sense of security before returning to the attack.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Harry did not question Slughorn again, the Potions master reverted to his usual affectionate treatment of him, and\lang3081  \lang1033 appeared to have put the matter from his mind. Harry awaited an invitation to one of his little evening parties, determined to accept this time, even if he had to reschedule Quidditch practice. Unfor\-tunately, however, no such invitation arrived. Harry checked with Hermione and Ginny: Neither of them had received an invitation and nor, as far as they knew, had anybody else. Harry could not help wondering whether this meant that Slughorn was not quite as forgetful as he appeared, simply determined to give Harry no addi\-tional opportunities to question him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Meanwhile, the Hogwarts library had failed Hermione for the first time in living memory. She was so shocked, she even forgot that she was annoyed at Harry for his trick with the bezoar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t found one single explanation of what Horcruxes do!\rdblquote  she told him. \ldblquote Not a single one! I\rquote ve been right through the re\-stricted section and even in the most \i horrible\i0  books, where they tell you how to brew the most \i gruesome\i0  potions \emdash  nothing! All I could find was this, in the introduction to \i Magick Moste Evile\i0  \emdash  listen \emdash  \lquote Of the Horcrux, wickedest of magical inventions, we shall not speak nor give direction. \'85\rquote  I mean, why mention it then?\rdblquote  she said impatiently, slamming the old book shut; it let out a ghostly wail. \ldblquote Oh, shut up,\rdblquote  she snapped, stuffing it back into her bag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The snow melted around the school as February arrived, to be replaced by cold, dreary wetness. Purplish-gray clouds hung low over the castle and a constant fall of chilly rain made the lawns slip\-pery and muddy. The upshot of this was that the sixth years\rquote  first Apparition lesson, which was scheduled for a Saturday morning so that no normal lessons would be missed, took place in the Great Hall instead of in the grounds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Harry and Hermione arrived in the Hall (Ron had come\lang3081  \lang1033 down with Lavender), they found that the tables had disappeared. Rain lashed against the high windows and the enchanted ceiling swirled darkly above them as they assembled in front of Professors McGonagall, Snape, Flitwick, and Sprout \emdash  the Heads of Houses \emdash  and a small wizard whom Harry took to be the Apparition in\-structor from the Ministry. He was oddly colorless, with transpar\-ent eyelashes, wispy hair, and an insubstantial air, as though a single gust of wind might blow him away. Harry wondered whether con\-stant disappearances and reappearances had somehow diminished his substance, or whether this frail build was ideal for anyone wish\-ing to vanish.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good morning,\rdblquote  said the Ministry wizard, when all the stu\-dents had arrived and the Heads of Houses had called for quiet. \ldblquote My name is Wilkie Twycross and I shall be your Ministry Appari\-tion instructor for the next twelve weeks. I hope to be able to prepare you for your Apparition Tests in this time \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy, be quiet and pay attention!\rdblquote  barked Professor McGon\-agall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everybody looked around. Malfoy had flushed a dull pink; he looked furious as he stepped away from Crabbe, with whom he ap\-peared to have been having a whispered argument. Harry glanced quickly at Snape, who also looked annoyed, though Harry strongly suspected that this was less because of Malfoy\rquote s rudeness than the fact that McGonagall had reprimanded one of his House.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  by which time, many of you may be ready to take your tests,\rdblquote  Twycross continued, as though there had been no inter\-ruption.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As you may know, it is usually impossible to Apparate or Disapparate within Hogwarts. The headmaster has lifted this en\-chantment, purely within the Great Hall, for one hour, so as to en\-able you to practice. May I emphasize that you will not be able to Apparate outside the walls of this Hall, and that you would be un\-wise to try.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would like each of you to place yourselves now so that you have a clear five feet of space in front of you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a great scrambling and jostling as people separated, banged into each other, and ordered others out of their space. The Heads of Houses moved among the students, marshaling them into position and breaking up arguments.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, where are you going?\rdblquote  demanded Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry did not answer; he was moving quickly through the crowd, past the place where Professor Flitwick was making squeaky attempts to position a few Ravenclaws, all of whom wanted to be near the front, past Professor Sprout, who was chivying the Huf\-flepuffs into line, until, by dodging around Ernie Macmillan, he managed to position himself right at the back of the crowd, directly behind Malfoy, who was taking advantage of the general upheaval to continue his argument with Crabbe, standing five feet away and looking mutinous.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know how much longer, all right?\rdblquote  Malfoy shot at him, oblivious to Harry standing right behind him. \ldblquote It\rquote s taking longer than I thought it would.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crabbe opened his mouth, but Malfoy appeared to second-guess what he was going to say. \ldblquote Look, it\rquote s none of your business what I\rquote m doing, Crabbe, you and Goyle just do as you\rquote re told and keep a lookout!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I tell my friends what I\rquote m up to, if I want them to keep a look\-out for me,\rdblquote  Harry said, just loud enough for Malfoy to hear him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy spun around on the spot, his hand flying to his wand, but at that precise moment the four Heads of House shouted, \ldblquote Quiet!\rdblquote  and silence fell again. Malfoy turned slowly to face the front again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said Twycross. \ldblquote Now then \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He waved his wand. Old-fashioned wooden hoops instantly ap\-peared on the floor in front of every student.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The important things to remember when Apparating are the three D\rquote s!\rdblquote  said Twycross. \ldblquote Destination, Determination, Delibera\-tion!\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Step one: Fix your mind firmly upon the desired \i destination,\i0\rdblquote  said Twycross. \ldblquote In this case, the interior of your hoop. Kindly con\-centrate upon that destination now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everybody looked around furtively to check that everyone else was staring into their hoop, then hastily did as they were told. Harry gazed at the circular patch of dusty floor enclosed by his hoop and tried hard to think of nothing else. This proved impossi\-ble, as he couldn\rquote t stop puzzling over what Malfoy was doing that needed lookouts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Step two,\rdblquote  said Twycross, \ldblquote focus your \i determination\i0  to occupy the visualized space! Let your yearning to enter it flood from your mind to every particle of your body!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced around surreptitiously. A little way to his left, Ernie Macmillan was contemplating his hoop so hard that his face had turned pink; it looked as though he was straining to lay a Quaffle-sized egg. Harry bit back a laugh and hastily returned his gaze to his own hoop.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Step three,\rdblquote  called Twycross, \ldblquote and only when I give the command \'85 Turn on the spot, feeling your way into nothingness, moving with \i deliberation\i0 ! On my command, now \'85 one \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced around again; lots of people were looking posi\-tively alarmed at being asked to Apparate so quickly.\par
\ldblquote\emdash  two \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tried to fix his thoughts on his hoop again; he had already forgotten what the three D\rquote s stood for.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  THREE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry spun on the spot, lost balance, and nearly fell over. He was not the only one. The whole Hall was suddenly full of stagger\-ing people; Neville was flat on his back; Ernie Macmillan, on the other hand, had done a kind of pirouetting leap into his hoop and looked momentarily thrilled, until he caught sight of Dean Thomas roaring with laughter at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never mind, never mind,\rdblquote  said Twycross dryly, who did not seem to have expected anything better. \ldblquote Adjust your hoops, please, and back to your original positions. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The second attempt was no better than the first. The third was just as bad. Not until the fourth did anything exciting happen. There was a horrible screech of pain and everybody looked around, terrified, to see Susan Bones of Hufflepuff wobbling in her hoop with her left leg still standing five feet away where she had started.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Heads of House converged on her; there was a great bang and a puff of purple smoke, which cleared to reveal Susan sobbing, reunited with her leg but looking horrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Splinching, or the separation of random body parts,\rdblquote  said Wilkie Twycross dispassionately, \ldblquote occurs when the mind is insuffi\-ciently \i determined.\i0  You must concentrate continuously upon your\lang3081  \lang1033\i destination,\i0  and move, without haste, but with \i deliberation\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 thus.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Twycross stepped forward, turned gracefully on the spot with his arms outstretched, and vanished in a swirl of robes, reappearing at the back of the Hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remember the three D\rquote s,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote and try again \'85 one \emdash  two \emdash  three \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But an hour later, Susan\rquote s Splinching was still the most interest\-ing thing that had happened. Twycross did not seem discouraged. Fastening his cloak at his neck, he merely said, \ldblquote Until next Sat\-urday, everybody, and do not forget: \i Destination. Determination. Deliberation.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With that, he waved his wand, Vanishing the hoops, and walked out of the Hall accompanied by Professor McGonagall. Talk broke out at once as people began moving toward the entrance hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you do?\rdblquote  asked Ron, hurrying toward Harry. \ldblquote I think I felt something the last time I tried \emdash  a kind of tingling in my feet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I expect your trainers are too small, Won-Won,\rdblquote  said a voice be\-hind them, and Hermione stalked past, smirking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t feel anything,\rdblquote  said Harry, ignoring this interruption. \ldblquote But I don\rquote t care about that now \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, you don\rquote t care? Don\rquote t you want to learn to Apparate?\rdblquote  said Ron incredulously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not fussed, really, I prefer flying,\rdblquote  said Harry, glancing over his shoulder to see where Malfoy was, and speeding up as they came into the entrance hall. \ldblquote Look, hurry up, will you, there\rquote s something I want to do. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Perplexed, Ron followed Harry back to the Gryffindor Tower at\lang3081  \lang1033 a run. They were temporarily detained by Peeves, who had jammed a door on the fourth floor shut and was refusing to let anyone pass until they set fire to their own pants, but Harry and Ron simply turned back and took one of their trusted shortcuts. Within five minutes, they were climbing through the portrait hole.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you going to tell me what we\rquote re doing, then?\rdblquote  asked Ron, panting slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Up here,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he crossed the common room and led the way through the door to the boys\rquote  staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Their dormitory was, as Harry had hoped, empty. He flung open his trunk and began to rummage in it, while Ron watched impatiently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy\rquote s using Crabbe and Goyle as lookouts. He was arguing with Crabbe just now. I want to know \emdash  aha.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had found it, a folded square of apparently blank parchment, which he now smoothed out and tapped with the tip of his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i I solemnly swear that I am up to no good\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 or Malfoy is any\-way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At once, the Marauder\rquote s Map appeared on the parchment\rquote s sur\-face. Here was a detailed plan of every one of the castle\rquote s floors and, moving around it, the tiny, labeled black dots that signified each of the castle\rquote s occupants.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Help me find Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Harry urgently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He laid the map upon his bed, and he and Ron leaned over it, searching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i There\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Ron, after a minute or so. \ldblquote He\rquote s in the Slytherin common room, look\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 with Parkinson and Zabini and Crabbe and Goyle \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down at the map, disappointed, but rallied almost at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m keeping an eye on him from now on,\rdblquote  he said firmly. \ldblquote And the moment I see him lurking somewhere with Crabbe and Goyle keeping watch outside, it\rquote ll be on with the old Invisibility Cloak and off to find out what he\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He broke off as Neville entered the dormitory, bringing with him a strong smell of singed material, and began rummaging in his trunk for a fresh pair of pants.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Despite his determination to catch Malfoy out, Harry had no luck at all over the next couple of weeks. Although he consulted the map as often as he could, sometimes making unnecessary visits to the bathroom between lessons to search it, he did not once see Mal\-foy anywhere suspicious. Admittedly, he spotted Crabbe and Goyle moving around the castle on their own more often than usual, sometimes remaining stationary in deserted corridors, but at these times Malfoy was not only nowhere near them, but impossible to locate on the map at all. This was most mysterious. Harry toyed with the possibility that Malfoy was actually leaving the school grounds, but could not see how he could be doing it, given the very high level of security now operating within the castle. He could only suppose that he was missing Malfoy amongst the hundreds of tiny black dots upon the map. As for the fact that Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle appeared to be going their different ways when they were usually inseparable, these things happened as people got older \emdash  Ron and Hermione, Harry reflected sadly, were living proof.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 February moved toward March with no change in the weather except that it became windy as well as wet. To general indignation,\lang3081  \lang1033 a sign went up on all common room notice boards that the next trip into Hogsmeade had been canceled. Ron was furious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was on my birthday!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I was looking forward to that!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not a big surprise, though, is it?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Not after what happened to Katie.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She had still not returned from St. Mungo\rquote s. What was more, further disappearances had been reported in the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  in\-cluding several relatives of students at Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But now all I\rquote ve got to look forward to is stupid Apparition!\rdblquote  said Ron grumpily. \ldblquote Big birthday treat \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Three lessons on, Apparition was proving as difficult as ever, though a few more people had managed to Splinch themselves. Frustration was running high and there was a certain amount of ill-feeling toward Wilkie Twycross and his three D\rquote s, which had in\-spired a number of nicknames for him, the politest of which were Dogbreath and Dunghead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Happy birthday, Ron,\rdblquote  said Harry, when they were woken on the first of March by Seamus and Dean leaving noisily for break\-fast. \ldblquote Have a present.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He threw the package across onto Ron\rquote s bed, where it joined a small pile of them that must, Harry assumed, have been delivered by house-elves in the night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cheers,\rdblquote  said Ron drowsily and, as he ripped off the paper, Harry got out of bed, opened his own trunk, and began rummag\-ing in it for the Marauder\rquote s Map, which he hid after every use. He turfed out half the contents of his trunk before he found it hiding beneath the rolled-up socks in which he was still keeping his bottle of lucky potion, Felix Felicis.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  he murmured, taking it back to bed with him, tapping it quietly and murmuring, \ldblquote\i I solemnly swear that I am up to no good,\i0\rdblquote  so that Neville, who was passing the foot of his bed at the time, would not hear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice one, Harry!\rdblquote  said Ron enthusiastically, waving the new pair of Quidditch Keeper\rquote s gloves Harry had given him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No problem,\rdblquote  said Harry absentmindedly, as he searched the Slytherin dormitory closely for Malfoy. \ldblquote Hey \'85 I don\rquote t think he\rquote s in his bed. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron did not answer; he was too busy unwrapping presents, every now and then letting out an exclamation of pleasure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seriously good haul this year!\rdblquote  he announced, holding up a heavy gold watch with odd symbols around the edge and tiny mov\-ing stars instead of hands. \ldblquote See what Mum and Dad got me? Blimey, I think I\rquote ll come of age next year too. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cool,\rdblquote  muttered Harry, sparing the watch a glance before peer\-ing more closely at the map. Where was Malfoy? He did not seem to be at the Slytherin table in the Great Hall, eating breakfast. \'85 He was nowhere near Snape, who was sitting in his study. \'85 He wasn\rquote t in any of the bathrooms or in the hospital wing. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Want one?\rdblquote  said Ron thickly, holding out a box of Chocolate Cauldrons.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking up. \ldblquote Malfoy\rquote s gone again!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t have done,\rdblquote  said Ron, stuffing a second Cauldron into his mouth as he slid out of bed to get dressed. \ldblquote Come on, if you don\rquote t hurry up, you\rquote ll have to Apparate on an empty stomach. \'85 Might make it easier, I suppose \'85\rdblquote  Ron looked thoughtfully at the box of Chocolate Cauldrons, then shrugged and helped himself to a third.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tapped the map with his wand, muttered, \ldblquote Mischief man\-aged,\rdblquote  though it hadn\rquote t been, and got dressed, thinking hard. There had to be an explanation for Malfoy\rquote s periodic disappearances, but he simply could not think what it could be. The best way of find\-ing out would be to tail him, but even with the Invisibility Cloak this was an impractical idea: Harry had lessons, Quidditch prac\-tice, homework, and Apparition; he could not follow Malfoy around school all day without his absence being remarked upon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ready?\rdblquote  he said to Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was halfway to the dormitory door when he realized that Ron had not moved, but was leaning on his bedpost, staring out of the rain-washed window with a strangely unfocused look on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron? Breakfast.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not hungry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you just said \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, all right, I\rquote ll come down with you,\rdblquote  sighed Ron, \ldblquote but I don\rquote t want to eat.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry scrutinized him suspiciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve just eaten half a box of Chocolate Cauldrons, haven\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not that,\rdblquote  Ron sighed again. \ldblquote You \'85 you wouldn\rquote t under\-stand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fair enough,\rdblquote  said Harry, albeit puzzled, as he turned to open the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  said Ron suddenly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I can\rquote t stand it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t stand what?\rdblquote  asked Harry, now starting to feel defi\-nitely alarmed. Ron was rather pale and looked as though he was about to be sick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t stop thinking about her!\rdblquote  said Ron hoarsely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry gaped at him. He had not expected this and was not sure he wanted to hear it. Friends they might be, but if Ron started call\-ing Lavender \ldblquote Lav-Lav,\rdblquote  he would have to put his foot down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why does that stop you having breakfast?\rdblquote  Harry asked, trying to inject a note of common sense into the proceedings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think she knows I exist,\rdblquote  said Ron with a desperate gesture.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She definitely knows you exist,\rdblquote  said Harry, bewildered. \ldblquote She keeps snogging you, doesn\rquote t she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron blinked. \ldblquote Who are you talking about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who are \i you\i0  talking about?\rdblquote  said Harry, with an increasing sense that all reason had dropped out of the conversation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Romilda Vane,\rdblquote  said Ron softly, and his whole face seemed to illuminate as he said it, as though hit by a ray of purest sunlight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They stared at each other for almost a whole minute, before Harry said, \ldblquote This is a joke, right? You\rquote re joking.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think \'85 Harry, I think I love her,\rdblquote  said Ron in a strangled voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, walking up to Ron to get a better look at the glazed eyes and the pallid complexion, \ldblquote okay\'85 Say that again with a straight face.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I love her,\rdblquote  repeated Ron breathlessly. \ldblquote Have you seen her hair, it\rquote s all black and shiny and silky \'85 and her eyes? Her big dark eyes? And her \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is really funny and everything,\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently, \ldblquote but joke\rquote s over, all right? Drop it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned to leave; he had got two steps toward the door when a crashing blow hit him on the right ear. Staggering, he looked around. Ron\rquote s fist was drawn right back; his face was contorted with rage; he was about to strike again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry reacted instinctively; his wand was out of his pocket and the incantation sprang to mind without conscious thought: \i Levi\-corpus\i0 !\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron yelled as his heel was wrenched upward once more; he dan\-gled helplessly, upside down, his robes hanging off him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What was that for\i0 ?\rdblquote  Harry bellowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You insulted her, Harry! You said it was a joke!\rdblquote  shouted Ron, who was slowly turning purple in the face as all the blood rushed to his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is insane!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote What\rquote s got into \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then he saw the box lying open on Ron\rquote s bed, and the truth hit him with the force of a stampeding troll.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where did you get those Chocolate Cauldrons?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They were a birthday present!\rdblquote  shouted Ron, revolving slowly in midair as he struggled to get free. \ldblquote I offered you one, didn\rquote t I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You just picked them up off the floor, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote d fallen off my bed, all right? Let me go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They didn\rquote t fall off your bed, you prat, don\rquote t you understand? They were mine, I chucked them out of my trunk when I was look\-ing for the map, they\rquote re the Chocolate Cauldrons Romilda gave me before Christmas, and they\rquote re all spiked with love potion!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But only one word of this seemed to have registered with Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Romilda?\rdblquote  he repeated. \ldblquote Did you say Romilda? Harry \emdash  do you know her? Can you introduce me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at the dangling Ron, whose face now looked tremendously hopeful, and fought a strong desire to laugh. A part of him \emdash  the part closest to his throbbing right ear \emdash  was quite keen on the idea of letting Ron down and watching him run amok until the effects of the potion wore off. \'85 But on the other hand, they were supposed to be friends, Ron had not been himself when he had attacked, and Harry thought that he would deserve another punching if he permitted Ron to declare undying love for Romilda Vane.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I\rquote ll introduce you,\rdblquote  said Harry, thinking fast. \ldblquote I\rquote m going to let you down now, okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sent Ron crashing back to the floor (his ear did hurt quite a lot), but Ron simply bounded to his feet again, grinning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote ll be in Slughorn\rquote s office,\rdblquote  said Harry confidently, leading the way to the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why will she be in there?\rdblquote  asked Ron anxiously, hurrying to keep up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, she has extra Potions lessons with him,\rdblquote  said Harry, in\-venting wildly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe I could ask if I can have them with her?\rdblquote  said Ron eagerly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Great idea,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lavender was waiting beside the portrait hole, a complication Harry had not foreseen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re late, Won-Won!\rdblquote  she pouted. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got you a birthday \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Leave me alone,\rdblquote  said Ron impatiently. \ldblquote Harry\rquote s going to intro\-duce me to Romilda Vane.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And without another word to her, he pushed his way out of the portrait hole. Harry tried to make an apologetic face to Lavender, but it might have turned out simply amused, because she looked more offended than ever as the Fat Lady swung shut behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had been slightly worried that Slughorn might be at breakfast, but he answered his office door at the first knock, wear\-ing a green velvet dressing gown and matching nightcap and look\-ing rather bleary-eyed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  he mumbled. \ldblquote This is very early for a call. \'85 I gener\-ally sleep late on a Saturday. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor, I\rquote m really sorry to disturb you,\rdblquote  said Harry as quietly as possible, while Ron stood on tiptoe, attempting to see past Slughorn into his room, \ldblquote but my friend Ron\rquote s swallowed a love po\-tion by mistake. You couldn\rquote t make him an antidote, could you? I\rquote d take him to Madam Pomfrey, but we\rquote re not supposed to have any\-thing from Weasleys\rquote  Wizard Wheezes and, you know\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 awk\-ward questions \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d have thought you could have whipped him up a remedy, Harry, an expert potioneer like you?\rdblquote  asked Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Harry, somewhat distracted by the fact that Ron was now elbowing him in the ribs in an attempt to force his way into the room, \ldblquote well, I\rquote ve never mixed an antidote for a love potion, sir, and by the time I get it right, Ron might\rquote ve done something serious \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Helpfully, Ron chose this moment to moan, \ldblquote I can\rquote t see her, Harry \emdash  is he hiding her?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Was this potion within date?\rdblquote  asked Slughorn, now eyeing Ron with professional interest. \ldblquote They can strengthen, you know, the longer they\rquote re kept.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That would explain a lot,\rdblquote  panted Harry, now positively wrestling with Ron to keep him from knocking Slughorn over. \ldblquote It\rquote s his birthday, Professor,\rdblquote  he added imploringly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, all right, come in, then, come in,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, relent\-ing. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got the necessary here in my bag, it\rquote s not a difficult antidote. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron burst through the door into Slughorn\rquote s overheated, crowded study, tripped over a tasseled footstool, regained his balance by seiz\-ing Harry around the neck, and muttered, \ldblquote She didn\rquote t see that, did she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s not here yet,\rdblquote  said Harry, watching Slughorn opening his potion kit and adding a few pinches of this and that to a small crys\-tal bottle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s good,\rdblquote  said Ron fervently. \ldblquote How do I look?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very handsome,\rdblquote  said Slughorn smoothly, handing Ron a glass of clear liquid. \ldblquote Now drink that up, it\rquote s a tonic for the nerves, keep you calm when she arrives, you know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Brilliant,\rdblquote  said Ron eagerly, and he gulped the antidote down noisily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Slughorn watched him. For a moment, Ron beamed at them. Then, very slowly, his grin sagged and vanished, to be re\-placed by an expression of utmost horror.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Back to normal, then?\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning. Slughorn chuck\-led. \ldblquote Thanks a lot, Professor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t mention it, m\rquote boy, don\rquote t mention it,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, as Ron collapsed into a nearby armchair, looking devastated. \ldblquote Pick-me-up, that\rquote s what he needs,\rdblquote  Slughorn continued, now bustling over to a table loaded with drinks. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got butterbeer, I\rquote ve got wine, I\rquote ve got one last bottle of this oak-matured mead \'85 hmm \'85\lang3081  \lang1033 meant to give that to Dumbledore for Christmas \'85 ah, well \'85\rdblquote  He shrugged. \ldblquote He can\rquote t miss what he\rquote s never had! Why don\rquote t we open it now and celebrate Mr. Weasley\rquote s birthday? Nothing like a fine spirit to chase away the pangs of disappointed love. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He chortled again, and Harry joined in. This was the first time he had found himself almost alone with Slughorn since his disas\-trous first attempt to extract the true memory from him. Perhaps, if he could just keep Slughorn in a good mood \'85 perhaps if they got through enough of the oak-matured mead \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There you are then,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, handing Harry and Ron a glass of mead each before raising his own. \ldblquote Well, a very happy birthday, Ralph \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron \emdash\rdblquote  whispered Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ron, who did not appear to be listening to the toast, had al\-ready thrown the mead into his mouth and swallowed it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was one second, hardly more than a heartbeat, in which Harry knew there was something terribly wrong and Slughorn, it seemed, did not.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and may you have many more \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Ron\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had dropped his glass; he half-rose from his chair and then crumpled, his extremities jerking uncontrollably. Foam was drib\-bling from his mouth, and his eyes were bulging from their sockets.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor!\rdblquote  Harry bellowed. \ldblquote Do something!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Slughorn seemed paralyzed by shock. Ron twitched and choked: His skin was turning blue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \emdash  but \emdash\rdblquote  spluttered Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry leapt over a low table and sprinted toward Slughorn\rquote s open potion kit, pulling out jars and pouches, while the terrible\lang3081  \lang1033 sound of Ron\rquote s gargling breath filled the room. Then he found it \emdash  the shriveled kidneylike stone Slughorn had taken from him in Potions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He hurtled back to Ron\rquote s side, wrenched open his jaw, and thrust the bezoar into his mouth. Ron gave a great shudder, a rat\-tling gasp, and his body became limp and still.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 19\par
\pard\qc Elf Tails\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote So, all in all, not one of Ron\rquote s better birthdays?\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
It was evening; the hospital wing was quiet, the windows curtained, the lamps lit. Ron\rquote s was the only occupied bed. Harry, Hermione, and Ginny were sitting around him; they had spent all day waiting outside the double doors, trying to see inside whenever somebody went in or out. Madam Pomfrey had only let them en\-ter at eight o\rquote clock. Fred and George had arrived at ten past.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This isn\rquote t how we imagined handing over our present,\rdblquote  said George grimly, putting down a large wrapped gift on Ron\rquote s bedside cabinet and sitting beside Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, when we pictured the scene, he was conscious,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There we were in Hogsmeade, waiting to surprise him \emdash\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were in Hogsmeade?\rdblquote  asked Ginny, looking up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We were thinking of buying Zonko\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Fred gloomily. \ldblquote A Hogsmeade branch, you know, but a fat lot of good it\rquote ll do us if\lang3081  \lang1033 you lot aren\rquote t allowed out at weekends to buy our stuff anymore. \'85 But never mind that now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He drew up a chair beside Harry and looked at Ron\rquote s pale face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How exactly did it happen, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry retold the story he had already recounted, it felt like a hundred times to Dumbledore, to McGonagall, to Madam Pom\-frey, to Hermione, and to Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and then I got the bezoar down his throat and his breathing eased up a bit, Slughorn ran for help, McGonagall and Madam Pomfrey turned up, and they brought Ron up here. They reckon he\rquote ll be all right. Madam Pomfrey says he\rquote ll have to stay here a week or so \'85 keep taking essence of rue \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, it was lucky you thought of a bezoar,\rdblquote  said George in a low voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lucky there was one in the room,\rdblquote  said Harry, who kept turn\-ing cold at the thought of what would have happened if he had not been able to lay hands on the little stone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione gave an almost inaudible sniff. She had been excep\-tionally quiet all day. Having hurtled, white-faced, up to Harry outside the hospital wing and demanded to know what had hap\-pened, she had taken almost no part in Harry and Ginny\rquote s obses\-sive discussion about how Ron had been poisoned, but merely stood beside them, clench-jawed and frightened-looking, until at last they had been allowed in to see him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do Mum and Dad know?\rdblquote  Fred asked Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote ve already seen him, they arrived an hour ago \emdash  they\rquote re in Dumbledore\rquote s office now, but they\rquote ll be back soon. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause while they all watched Ron mumble a little in his sleep.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So the poison was in the drink?\rdblquote  said Fred quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry at once; he could think of nothing else and was glad for the opportunity to start discussing it again. \ldblquote Slughorn poured it out \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Would he have been able to slip something into Ron\rquote s glass without you seeing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Probably,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but why would Slughorn want to poi\-son Ron?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  said Fred, frowning. \ldblquote You don\rquote t think he could have mixed up the glasses by mistake? Meaning to get you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why would Slughorn want to poison Harry?\rdblquote  asked Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno,\rdblquote  said Fred, \ldblquote but there must be loads of people who\rquote d like to poison Harry, mustn\rquote t there? \lquote The Chosen One\rquote  and all that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you think Slughorn\rquote s a Death Eater?\rdblquote  said Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anything\rquote s possible,\rdblquote  said Fred darkly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He could be under the Imperius Curse,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or he could be innocent,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote The poison could have been in the bottle, in which case it was probably meant for Slug\-horn himself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote d want to kill Slughorn?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore reckons Voldemort wanted Slughorn on his side,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Slughorn was in hiding for a year before he came to Hogwarts. And \'85\rdblquote  He thought of the memory Dumbledore had not yet been able to extract from Slughorn. \ldblquote And maybe Voldemort wants him out of the way, maybe he thinks he could be valuable to Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you said Slughorn had been planning to give that bottle to Dumbledore for Christmas,\rdblquote  Ginny reminded him. \ldblquote So the poi\-soner could just as easily have been after Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then the poisoner didn\rquote t know Slughorn very well,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione, speaking for the first time in hours and sounding as though she had a bad head cold. \ldblquote Anyone who knew Slughorn would have known there was a good chance he\rquote d keep something that tasty for himself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er-my-nee,\rdblquote  croaked Ron unexpectedly from between them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all fell silent, watching him anxiously, but after muttering incomprehensibly for a moment he merely started snoring.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dormitory doors flew open, making them all jump: Hagrid came striding toward them, his hair rain-flecked, his bearskin coat flapping behind him, a crossbow in his hand, leaving a trail of muddy dolphin-sized footprints all over the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bin in the forest all day!\rdblquote  he panted. \ldblquote Aragog\rquote s worse, I bin readin\rquote  to him \emdash  didn\rquote  get up ter dinner till jus\rquote  now an\rquote  then Pro\-fessor Sprout told me abou\rquote  Ron! How is he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not bad,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote They say he\rquote ll be okay.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No more than six visitors at a time!\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey, hur\-rying out of her office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid makes six,\rdblquote  George pointed out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 yes \'85\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey, who seemed to have been counting Hagrid as several people due to his vastness. To cover her confusion, she hurried off to clear up his muddy foot\-prints with her wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote  believe this,\rdblquote  said Hagrid hoarsely, shaking his great shaggy head as he stared down at Ron. \ldblquote Jus\rquote  don\rquote  believe it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Look at him lyin\rquote  there. \'85 Who\rquote d want ter hurt him, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s just what we were discussing,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We don\rquote t know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Someone couldn\rquote  have a grudge against the Gryffindor Quid\-ditch team, could they?\rdblquote  said Hagrid anxiously. \ldblquote Firs\rquote  Katie, now Ron \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t see anyone trying to bump off a Quidditch team,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wood might\rquote ve done the Slytherins if he could\rquote ve got away with it,\rdblquote  said Fred fairly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t think it\rquote s Quidditch, but I think there\rquote s a connec\-tion between the attacks,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you work that out?\rdblquote  asked Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, for one thing, they both ought to have been fatal and weren\rquote t, although that was pure luck. And for another, neither the poison nor the necklace seems to have reached the person who was supposed to be killed. Of course,\rdblquote  she added broodingly, \ldblquote that makes the person behind this even more dangerous in a way, be\-cause they don\rquote t seem to care how many people they finish off before they actually reach their victim.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before anybody could respond to this ominous pronouncement, the dormitory doors opened again and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley hur\-ried up the ward. They had done no more than satisfy themselves that Ron would make a full recovery on their last visit to the ward; now Mrs. Weasley seized hold of Harry and hugged him very tightly. \ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s told us how you saved him with the be\-zoar,\rdblquote  she sobbed. \ldblquote Oh, Harry, what can we say? You saved Ginny \'85 you saved Arthur \'85 now you\rquote ve saved Ron \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be \'85 I didn\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  muttered Harry awkwardly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Half our family does seem to owe you their lives, now I stop and think about it,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley said in a constricted voice. \ldblquote Well,\lang3081  \lang1033 all I can say is that it was a lucky day for the Weasleys when Ron decided to sit in your compartment on the Hogwarts Express, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not think of any reply to this and was almost glad when Madam Pomfrey reminded them that there were only sup\-posed to be six visitors around Ron\rquote s bed; he and Hermione rose at once to leave and Hagrid decided to go with them, leaving Ron with his family.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s terrible,\rdblquote  growled Hagrid into his beard, as the three of them walked back along the corridor to the marble staircase. \ldblquote All this new security, an\rquote  kids are still gettin\rquote  hurt. \'85 Dumbledore\rquote s worried sick. \'85 He don\rquote  say much, but I can tell. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hasn\rquote t he got any ideas, Hagrid?\rdblquote  asked Hermione desperately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \rquote spect he\rquote s got hundreds of ideas, brain like his,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote But he doesn\rquote  know who sent that necklace nor put poison in that wine, or they\rquote d\rquote ve bin caught, wouldn\rquote  they? Wha\rquote  worries me,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, lowering his voice and glancing over his shoulder (Harry, for good measure, checked the ceiling for Peeves), \ldblquote is how long Hogwarts can stay open if kids are bein\rquote  attacked. Chamber o\rquote  Secrets all over again, isn\rquote  it? There\rquote ll be panic, more parents takin\rquote  their kids outta school, an\rquote  nex\rquote  thing yeh know the board o\rquote  gover\-nors \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid stopped talking as the ghost of a long-haired woman drifted serenely past, then resumed in a hoarse whisper, \ldblquote\'85 the board o\rquote  governors\rquote ll be talkin\rquote  about shuttin\rquote  us up fer good.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Surely not?\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking worried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gotta see it from their point o\rquote  view,\rdblquote  said Hagrid heavily. \ldblquote I mean, it\rquote s always bin a bit of a risk sendin\rquote  a kid ter Hogwarts, hasn\rquote  it? Yer expect accidents, don\rquote  yeh, with hundreds of underage\lang3081  \lang1033 wizards all locked up tergether, but attempted murder, tha\rquote s diff\rquote rent. \rquote S\rquote no wonder Dumbledore\rquote s angry with Sn \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid stopped in his tracks, a familiar, guilty expression on what was visible of his face above his tangled black beard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s angry with Snape?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I never said tha\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, though his look of panic could not have been a bigger giveaway. \ldblquote Look at the time, it\rquote s gettin\rquote  on fer midnight, I need ter \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, why is Dumbledore angry with Snape?\rdblquote  Harry asked loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shhhh!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking both nervous and angry. \ldblquote Don\rquote  shout stuff like that, Harry, d\rquote yeh wan\rquote  me ter lose me job? Mind, I don\rquote  suppose yeh\rquote d care, would yeh, not now yeh\rquote ve given up Care of Mag \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t try and make me feel guilty, it won\rquote t work!\rdblquote  said Harry forcefully. \ldblquote What\rquote s Snape done?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno, Harry, I shouldn\rquote ta heard it at all! I \emdash  well, I was comin\rquote  outta the forest the other evenin\rquote  an\rquote  I overheard \rquote em talk\-ing \emdash  well, arguin\rquote . Didn\rquote t like ter draw attention to meself, so I sorta skulked an\rquote  tried not ter listen, but it was a \emdash  well, a heated discussion an\rquote  it wasn\rquote  easy ter block it out.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  Harry urged him, as Hagrid shuffled his enormous feet uneasily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  I jus\rquote  heard Snape sayin\rquote  Dumbledore took too much fer granted an\rquote  maybe he \emdash  Snape \emdash  didn\rquote  wan\rquote  ter do it any\-more \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno, Harry, it sounded like Snape was feelin\rquote  a bit over\-worked, tha\rquote s all \emdash  anyway, Dumbledore told him flat out he\rquote d\lang3081  \lang1033 agreed ter do it an\rquote  that was all there was to it. Pretty firm with him. An\rquote  then he said summat abou\rquote  Snape makin\rquote  investigations in his House, in Slytherin. Well, there\rquote s nothin\rquote  strange abou\rquote  that!\rdblquote  Ha\-grid added hastily, as Harry and Hermione exchanged looks full of meaning. \ldblquote All the Heads o\rquote  Houses were asked ter look inter that necklace business \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but Dumbledore\rquote s not having rows with the rest of them, is he?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  Hagrid twisted his crossbow uncomfortably in his hands; there was a loud splintering sound and it snapped in two. \ldblquote I know what yeh\rquote re like abou\rquote  Snape, Harry, an\rquote  I don\rquote  want yeh ter go readin\rquote  more inter this than there is.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look out,\rdblquote  said Hermione tersely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They turned just in time to see the shadow of Argus Filch loom\-ing over the wall behind them before the man himself turned the corner, hunchbacked, his jowls aquiver.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oho!\rdblquote  he wheezed. \ldblquote Out of bed so late, this\rquote ll mean detention!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No it won\rquote , Filch,\rdblquote  said Hagrid shortly. \ldblquote They\rquote re with me, aren\rquote  they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what difference does that make?\rdblquote  asked Filch obnoxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m a ruddy teacher, aren\rquote  I, yeh sneakin\rquote  Squib!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, firing up at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a nasty hissing noise as Filch swelled with fury; Mrs. Norris had arrived, unseen, and was twisting herself sinuously around Filch\rquote s skinny ankles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get goin\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid out of the corner of his mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not need telling twice; he and Hermione both hurried off; Hagrid\rquote s and Filch\rquote s raised voices echoed behind them as they\lang3081  \lang1033 ran. They passed Peeves near the turning into Gryffindor Tower, but he was streaking happily toward the source of the yelling, cack\-ling and calling,\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\qc\lang1033\i When there\rquote s strife and when there\rquote s trouble\par
Call on Peevsie, he\rquote ll make double!\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\i0\par
\lang1033 The Fat Lady was snoozing and not pleased to be woken, but swung forward grumpily to allow them to clamber into the merci\-fully peaceful and empty common room. It did not seem that peo\-ple knew about Ron yet; Harry was very relieved: He had been interrogated enough that day. Hermione bade him good night and set off for the girls\rquote  dormitory. Harry, however, remained behind, taking a seat beside the fire and looking down into the dying embers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 So Dumbledore had argued with Snape. In spite of all he had told Harry, in spite of his insistence that he trusted Snape com\-pletely, he had lost his temper with him. \'85 He did not think that Snape had tried hard enough to investigate the Slytherins \'85 or, perhaps, to investigate a single Slytherin: Malfoy?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Was it because Dumbledore did not want Harry to do anything foolish, to take matters into his own hands, that he had pretended there was nothing in Harry\rquote s suspicions? That seemed likely. It might even be that Dumbledore did not want anything to distract Harry from their lessons, or from procuring that memory from Slughorn. Perhaps Dumbledore did not think it right to confide suspicions about his staff to sixteen-year-olds. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There you are, Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry jumped to his feet in shock, his wand at the ready. He had been quite convinced that the common room was empty; he had not been at all prepared for a hulking figure to rise suddenly out of a distant chair. A closer look showed him that it was Cormac McLaggen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been waiting for you to come back,\rdblquote  said McLaggen, disre\-garding Harry\rquote s drawn wand. \ldblquote Must\rquote ve fallen asleep. Look, I saw them taking Weasley up to the hospital wing earlier. Didn\rquote t look like he\rquote ll be fit for next week\rquote s match.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It took Harry a few moments to realize what McLaggen was talking about.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 right\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Quidditch,\rdblquote  he said, putting his wand back into the belt of his jeans and running a hand wearily through his hair. \ldblquote Yeah \'85 he might not make it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, then, I\rquote ll be playing Keeper, won\rquote t I?\rdblquote  said McLaggen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Yeah, I suppose so. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not think of an argument against it; after all, McLaggen had certainly performed second-best in the trials.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent,\rdblquote  said McLaggen in a satisfied voice. \ldblquote So when\rquote s prac\-tice?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? Oh \'85 there\rquote s one tomorrow evening.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good. Listen, Potter, we should have a talk beforehand. I\rquote ve got some ideas on strategy you might find useful.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry unenthusiastically. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote ll hear them to\-morrow, then. I\rquote m pretty tired now \'85 see you \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The news that Ron had been poisoned spread quickly next day, but it did not cause the sensation that Katie\rquote s attack had done. Peo\-ple seemed to think that it might have been an accident, given that he had been in the Potions master\rquote s room at the time, and that as\lang3081  \lang1033 he had been given an antidote immediately there was no real harm done. In fact, the Gryffindors were generally much more interested in the upcoming Quidditch match against Hufflepuff, for many of them wanted to see Zacharias Smith, who played Chaser on the Hufflepuff team, punished soundly for his commentary during the opening match against Slytherin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, however, had never been less interested in Quidditch; he was rapidly becoming obsessed with Draco Malfoy. Still checking the Marauder\rquote s Map whenever he got a chance, he sometimes made detours to wherever Malfoy happened to be, but had not yet detected him doing anything out of the ordinary. And still there were those inexplicable times when Malfoy simply vanished from the map. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry did not get a lot of time to consider the problem, what with Quidditch practice, homework, and the fact that he was now being dogged wherever he went by Cormac McLaggen and Lavender Brown.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not decide which of them was more annoying. McLaggen kept up a constant stream of hints that he would make a better permanent Keeper for the team than Ron, and that now that Harry was seeing him play regularly he would surely come around to this way of thinking too; he was also keen to criticize the other players and provide Harry with detailed training schemes, so that more than once Harry was forced to remind him who was Captain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Meanwhile, Lavender kept sidling up to Harry to discuss Ron, which Harry found almost more wearing than McLaggen\rquote s Quid\-ditch lectures. At first, Lavender had been very annoyed that nobody had thought to tell her that Ron was in the hospital\lang3081  \lang1033 wing \emdash  \ldblquote I mean, I \i am\i0  his girlfriend!\rdblquote  \emdash  but unfortunately she had now decided to forgive Harry this lapse of memory and was keen to have lots of in-depth chats with him about Ron\rquote s feelings, a most uncomfortable experience that Harry would have happily forgone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look, why don\rquote t you talk to Ron about all this?\rdblquote  Harry asked, after a particularly long interrogation from Lavender that took in everything from precisely what Ron had said about her new dress robes to whether or not Harry thought that Ron considered his re\-lationship with Lavender to be \ldblquote serious.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I would, but he\rquote s always asleep when I go and see him!\rdblquote  said Lavender fretfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is he?\rdblquote  said Harry, surprised, for he had found Ron perfectly alert every time he had been up to the hospital wing, both highly interested in the news of Dumbledore and Snape\rquote s row and keen to abuse McLaggen as much as possible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is Hermione Granger still visiting him?\rdblquote  Lavender demanded suddenly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I think so. Well, they\rquote re friends, aren\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Harry uncomfortably.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Friends, don\rquote t make me laugh,\rdblquote  said Lavender scornfully. \ldblquote She didn\rquote t talk to him for weeks after he started going out with me! But I suppose she wants to make up with him now he\rquote s all \i inter\-esting. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Would you call getting poisoned being interesting?\rdblquote  asked Harry. \ldblquote Anyway \emdash  sorry, got to go \emdash  there\rquote s McLaggen coming for a talk about Quidditch,\rdblquote  said Harry hurriedly, and he dashed sideways through a door pretending to be solid wall and sprinted\lang3081  \lang1033 down the shortcut that would take him off to Potions where, thankfully, neither Lavender nor McLaggen could follow him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On the morning of the Quidditch match against Hufflepuff, Harry dropped in on the hospital wing before heading down to the pitch. Ron was very agitated; Madam Pomfrey would not let him go down to watch the match, feeling it would overexcite him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So how\rquote s McLaggen shaping up?\rdblquote  he asked Harry nervously, ap\-parently forgetting that he had already asked the same question twice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve told you,\rdblquote  said Harry patiently, \ldblquote he could be world-class and I wouldn\rquote t want to keep him. He keeps trying to tell everyone what to do, he thinks he could play every position better than the rest of us. I can\rquote t wait to be shot of him. And speaking of getting shot of people,\rdblquote  Harry added, getting to his feet and picking up his Firebolt, \ldblquote will you stop pretending to be asleep when Lavender comes to see you? She\rquote s driving me mad as well.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking sheepish. \ldblquote Yeah. All right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you don\rquote t want to go out with her anymore, just tell her,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 it\rquote s not that easy, is it?\rdblquote  said Ron. He paused. \ldblquote Hermione going to look in before the match?\rdblquote  he added casually.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, she\rquote s already gone down to the pitch with Ginny.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking rather glum. \ldblquote Right. Well, good luck. Hope you hammer McLag \emdash  I mean, Smith.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll try,\rdblquote  said Harry, shouldering his broom. \ldblquote See you after the match.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He hurried down through the deserted corridors; the whole school was outside, either already seated in the stadium or heading\lang3081  \lang1033 down toward it. He was looking out of the windows he passed, try\-ing to gauge how much wind they were facing, when a noise ahead made him glance up and he saw Malfoy walking toward him, ac\-companied by two girls, both of whom looked sulky and resentful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy stopped short at the sight of Harry, then gave a short, humorless laugh and continued walking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote re you going?\rdblquote  Harry demanded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I\rquote m really going to tell you, because it\rquote s your business, Potter,\rdblquote  sneered Malfoy. \ldblquote You\rquote d better hurry up, they\rquote ll be waiting for \lquote the Chosen Captain\rquote  \emdash  \lquote the Boy Who Scored\rquote  \emdash  whatever they call you these days.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One of the girls gave an unwilling giggle. Harry stared at her. She blushed. Malfoy pushed past Harry and she and her friend fol\-lowed at a trot, turning the corner and vanishing from view.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stood rooted on the spot and watched them disappear. This was infuriating; he was already cutting it fine to get to the match on time and yet there was Malfoy, skulking off while the rest of the school was absent: Harry\rquote s best chance yet of discovering what Malfoy was up to. The silent seconds trickled past, and Harry remained where he was, frozen, gazing at the place where Malfoy had vanished. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where have you been?\rdblquote  demanded Ginny, as Harry sprinted into the changing rooms. The whole team was changed and ready; Coote and Peakes, the Beaters, were both hitting their clubs ner\-vously against their legs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I met Malfoy,\rdblquote  Harry told her quietly, as he pulled his scarlet robes over his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So I wanted to know how come he\rquote s up at the castle with a cou\-ple of girlfriends while everyone else is down here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does it matter right now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m not likely to find out, am I?\rdblquote  said Harry, seizing his Firebolt and pushing his glasses straight. \ldblquote Come on then!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And without another word, he marched out onto the pitch to deafening cheers and boos.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was little wind; the clouds were patchy; every now and then there were dazzling flashes of bright sunlight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tricky conditions!\rdblquote  McLaggen said bracingly to the team. \ldblquote Coote, Peakes, you\rquote ll want to fly out of the sun, so they don\rquote t see you coming \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m the Captain, McLaggen, shut up giving them instructions,\rdblquote  said Harry angrily. \ldblquote Just get up by the goal posts!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once McLaggen had marched off, Harry turned to Coote and Peakes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Make sure you \i do\i0  fly out of the sun,\rdblquote  he told them grudgingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He shook hands with the Hufflepuff Captain, and then, on Madam Hooch\rquote s whistle, kicked off and rose into the air, higher than the rest of his team, streaking around the pitch in search of the Snitch. If he could catch it good and early, there might be a chance he could get back up to the castle, seize the Marauder\rquote s Map, and find out what Malfoy was doing. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And that\rquote s Smith of Hufflepuff with the Quaffle,\rdblquote  said a dreamy voice, echoing over the grounds. \ldblquote He did the commentary last time, of course, and Ginny Weasley flew into him, I think proba\-bly on purpose, it looked like it. Smith was being quite rude about Gryffindor, I expect he regrets that now he\rquote s playing them \emdash  oh,\lang3081  \lang1033 look, he\rquote s lost the Quaffle, Ginny took it from him, I do like her, she\rquote s very nice. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared down at the commentator\rquote s podium. Surely no\-body in their right mind would have let Luna Lovegood commen\-tate? But even from above there was no mistaking that long, dirty-blonde hair, nor the necklace of butterbeer corks. \'85 Beside Luna, Professor McGonagall was looking slightly uncomfortable, as though she was indeed having second thoughts about this appointment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 but now that big Hufflepuff player\rquote s got the Quaffle from her, I can\rquote t remember his name, it\rquote s something like Bibble \emdash  no, Buggins \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Cadwallader!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall loudly from be\-side Luna. The crowd laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared around for the Snitch; there was no sign of it. Mo\-ments later, Cadwallader scored. McLaggen had been shouting criticism at Ginny for allowing the Quaffle out of her possession, with the result that he had not noticed the large red ball soaring past his right ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote McLaggen, will you pay attention to what you\rquote re supposed to be doing and leave everyone else alone!\rdblquote  bellowed Harry, wheeling around to face his Keeper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not setting a great example!\rdblquote  McLaggen shouted back, red-faced and furious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Harry Potter\rquote s now having an argument with his Keeper,\rdblquote  said Luna serenely, while both Hufflepuffs and Slytherins below in the crowd cheered and jeered. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think that\rquote ll help him find the Snitch, but maybe it\rquote s a clever ruse. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Swearing angrily, Harry spun round and set off around the pitch again, scanning the skies for some sign of the tiny, winged golden ball.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny and Demelza scored a goal apiece, giving the red-and-gold-clad supporters below something to cheer about. Then Cad\-wallader scored again, making things level, but Luna did not seem to have noticed; she appeared singularly uninterested in such mun\-dane things as the score, and kept attempting to draw the crowd\rquote s attention to such things as interestingly shaped clouds and the pos\-sibility that Zacharias Smith, who had so far failed to maintain possession of the Quaffle for longer than a minute, was suffering from something called \ldblquote Loser\rquote s Lurgy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seventy-forty to Hufflepuff!\rdblquote  barked Professor McGonagall into Luna\rquote s megaphone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it, already?\rdblquote  said Luna vaguely. \ldblquote Oh, look! The Gryffindor Keeper\rquote s got hold of one of the Beater\rquote s bats.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry spun around in midair. Sure enough, McLaggen, for rea\-sons best known to himself, had pulled Peakes\rquote s bat from him and appeared to be demonstrating how to hit a Bludger toward an on\-coming Cadwallader.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Will you give him back his bat and get back to the goal posts\i0 !\rdblquote  roared Harry, pelting toward McLaggen just as McLaggen took a ferocious swipe at the Bludger and mishit it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A blinding, sickening pain \'85 a flash of light\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 distant screams\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and the sensation of falling down a long tunnel\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And the next thing Harry knew, he was lying in a remarkably warm and comfortable bed and looking up at a lamp that was throwing a circle of golden light onto a shadowy ceiling. He raised\lang3081  \lang1033 his head awkwardly. There on his left was a familiar-looking, freckly, red-haired person.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice of you to drop in,\rdblquote  said Ron, grinning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry blinked and looked around. Of course: He was in the hos\-pital wing. The sky outside was indigo streaked with crimson. The match must have finished hours ago \'85 as had any hope of cor\-nering Malfoy. Harry\rquote s head felt strangely heavy; he raised a hand and felt a stiff turban of bandages.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cracked skull,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey, bustling up and pushing him back against his pillows. \ldblquote Nothing to worry about, I mended it at once, but I\rquote m keeping you in overnight. You shouldn\rquote t over\-exert yourself for a few hours.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want to stay here overnight,\rdblquote  said Harry angrily, sitting up and throwing back his covers. \ldblquote I want to find McLaggen and kill him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m afraid that would come under the heading of \lquote overexer\-tion,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey, pushing him firmly back onto the bed and raising her wand in a threatening manner. \ldblquote You will stay here until I discharge you, Potter, or I shall call the headmaster.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She bustled back into her office, and Harry sank back into his pillows, fuming.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you know how much we lost by?\rdblquote  he asked Ron through clenched teeth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, yeah I do,\rdblquote  said Ron apologetically. \ldblquote Final score was three hundred and twenty to sixty.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Brilliant,\rdblquote  said Harry savagely. \ldblquote Really brilliant! When I get hold of McLaggen \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t want to get hold of him, he\rquote s the size of a troll,\rdblquote  said\lang3081  \lang1033 Ron reasonably. \ldblquote Personally, I think there\rquote s a lot to be said for hex\-ing him with that toenail thing of the Prince\rquote s. Anyway, the rest of the team might\rquote ve dealt with him before you get out of here, they\rquote re not happy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a note of badly suppressed glee in Ron\rquote s voice; Harry could tell he was nothing short of thrilled that McLaggen had messed up so badly. Harry lay there, staring up at the patch of light on the ceiling, his recently mended skull not hurting, precisely, but feeling slightly tender underneath all the bandaging.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I could hear the match commentary from here,\rdblquote  said Ron, his voice now shaking with laughter. \ldblquote I hope Luna always commen\-tates from now on. \'85 \i Loser\rquote s Lurgy\i0  \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry was still too angry to see much humor in the situa\-tion, and after a while Ron\rquote s snorts subsided.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny came in to visit while you were unconscious,\rdblquote  he said, after a long pause, and Harry\rquote s imagination zoomed into overdrive, rapidly constructing a scene in which Ginny, weeping over his life\-less form, confessed her feelings of deep attraction to him while Ron gave them his blessing. \'85\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote She reckons you only just arrived on time for the match. How come? You left here early enough.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85\rdblquote  said Harry, as the scene in his mind\rquote s eye imploded. \ldblquote Yeah \'85 well, I saw Malfoy sneaking off with a couple of girls who didn\rquote t look like they wanted to be with him, and that\rquote s the sec\-ond time he\rquote s made sure he isn\rquote t down on the Quidditch pitch with the rest of the school; he skipped the last match too, remember?\rdblquote  Harry sighed. \ldblquote Wish I\rquote d followed him now, the match was such a fiasco. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be stupid,\rdblquote  said Ron sharply. \ldblquote You couldn\rquote t have missed a Quidditch match just to follow Malfoy, you\rquote re the Captain!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want to know what he\rquote s up to,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote And don\rquote t tell me it\rquote s all in my head, not after what I overheard between him and Snape \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I never said it was all in your head,\rdblquote  said Ron, hoisting himself up on an elbow in turn and frowning at Harry, \ldblquote but there\rquote s no rule saying only one person at a time can be plotting anything in this place! You\rquote re getting a bit obsessed with Malfoy, Harry. I mean, thinking about missing a match just to follow him \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want to catch him at it!\rdblquote  said Harry in frustration. \ldblquote I mean, where\rquote s he going when he disappears off the map?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno \'85 Hogsmeade?\rdblquote  suggested Ron, yawning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve never seen him going along any of the secret passageways on the map. I thought they were being watched now anyway?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well then, I dunno,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Silence fell between them. Harry stared up at the circle of lamp\-light above him, thinking. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If only he had Rufus Scrimgeour\rquote s power, he would have been able to set a tail upon Malfoy, but unfortunately Harry did not have an office full of Aurors at his command. \'85 He thought fleet\-ingly of trying to set something up with the D.A., but there again was the problem that people would be missed from lessons; most of them, after all, still had full schedules. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a low, rumbling snore from Ron\rquote s bed. After a while Madam Pomfrey came out of her office, this time wearing a thick dressing gown. It was easiest to feign sleep; Harry rolled over onto his side and listened to all the curtains closing themselves as she waved her wand. The lamps dimmed, and she returned to her office; he heard the door click behind her and knew that she was off to bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This was, Harry reflected in the darkness, the third time that he had been brought to the hospital wing because of a Quidditch in\-jury. Last time he had fallen off his broom due to the presence of dementors around the pitch, and the time before that, all the bones had been removed from his arm by the incurably inept Professor Lockhart. \'85 That had been his most painful injury by far \'85 he remembered the agony of regrowing an armful of bones in one night, a discomfort not eased by the arrival of an unexpected visi\-tor in the middle of the \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat bolt upright, his heart pounding, his bandage turban askew. He had the solution at last: There \i was\i0  a way to have Malfoy followed \emdash  how could he have forgotten, why hadn\rquote t he thought of it before?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the question was, how to call him? What did you do?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Quietly, tentatively, Harry spoke into the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a very loud \i crack,\i0  and the sounds of scuffling and squeaks filled the silent room. Ron awoke with a yelp.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s going \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pointed his wand hastily at the door of Madam Pomfrey\rquote s office and muttered, \ldblquote\i Muffliato\i0 !\rdblquote  so that she would not come run\-ning. Then he scrambled to the end of his bed for a better look at what was going on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Two house-elves were rolling around on the floor in the middle of the dormitory, one wearing a shrunken maroon jumper and sev\-eral woolly hats, the other, a filthy old rag strung over his hips like a loincloth. Then there was another loud bang, and Peeves the Pol\-tergeist appeared in midair above the wrestling elves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was watching that, Potty!\rdblquote  he told Harry indignantly, point\-ing at the fight below, before letting out a loud cackle. \ldblquote Look at the ickle creatures squabbling, bitey bitey, punchy punchy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher will not insult Harry Potter in front of Dobby, no he won\rquote t, or Dobby will shut Kreacher\rquote s mouth for him!\rdblquote  cried Dobby in a high-pitched voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  kicky, scratchy!\rdblquote  cried Peeves happily, now pelting bits of chalk at the elves to enrage them further. \ldblquote Tweaky, pokey!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher will say what he likes about his master, oh yes, and what a master he is, filthy friend of Mudbloods, oh, what would poor Kreacher\rquote s mistress say \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Exactly what Kreacher\rquote s mistress would have said they did not find out, for at that moment Dobby sank his knobbly little fist into Kreacher\rquote s mouth and knocked out half of his teeth. Harry and Ron both leapt out of their beds and wrenched the two elves apart, though they continued to try and kick and punch each other, egged on by Peeves, who swooped around the lamp squealing, \ldblquote Stick your fingers up his nosey, draw his cork and pull his earsies \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry aimed his wand at Peeves and said, \ldblquote\i Langlock\i0 !\rdblquote  Peeves clutched at his throat, gulped, then swooped from the room mak\-ing obscene gestures but unable to speak, owing to the fact that his tongue had just glued itself to the roof of his mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice one,\rdblquote  said Ron appreciatively, lifting Dobby into the air so that his flailing limbs no longer made contact with Kreacher. \ldblquote That was another Prince hex, wasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, twisting Kreacher\rquote s wizened arm into a half nelson. \ldblquote Right \emdash  I\rquote m forbidding you to fight each other! Well,\lang3081  \lang1033 Kreacher, you\rquote re forbidden to fight Dobby. Dobby, I know I\rquote m not allowed to give you orders \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby is a free house-elf and he can obey anyone he likes and Dobby will do whatever Harry Potter wants him to do!\rdblquote  said Dobby, tears now streaming down his shriveled little face onto his jumper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay then,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he and Ron both released the elves, who fell to the floor but did not continue fighting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master called me?\rdblquote  croaked Kreacher, sinking into a bow even as he gave Harry a look that plainly wished him a painful death.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I did,\rdblquote  said Harry, glancing toward Madam Pomfrey\rquote s of\-fice door to check that the \i Muffliato\i0  spell was still working; there was no sign that she had heard any of the commotion. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got a job for you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher will do whatever Master wants,\rdblquote  said Kreacher, sink\-ing so low that his lips almost touched his gnarled toes, \ldblquote because Kreacher has no choice, but Kreacher is ashamed to have such a master, yes \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby will do it, Harry Potter!\rdblquote  squeaked Dobby, his tennis-ball-sized eyes still swimming in tears. \ldblquote Dobby would be honored to help Harry Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come to think of it, it would be good to have both of you,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Okay then \'85 I want you to tail Draco Malfoy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ignoring the look of mingled surprise and exasperation on Ron\rquote s face, Harry went on, \ldblquote I want to know where he\rquote s going, who he\rquote s meeting, and what he\rquote s doing. I want you to follow him around the clock.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Harry Potter!\rdblquote  said Dobby at once, his great eyes shining\lang3081  \lang1033 with excitement. \ldblquote And if Dobby does it wrong, Dobby will throw himself off the topmost tower, Harry Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There won\rquote t be any need for that,\rdblquote  said Harry hastily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master wants me to follow the youngest of the Malfoys?\rdblquote  croaked Kreacher. \ldblquote Master wants me to spy upon the pure-blood great-nephew of my old mistress?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s the one,\rdblquote  said Harry, foreseeing a great danger and de\-termining to prevent it immediately. \ldblquote And you\rquote re forbidden to tip him off, Kreacher, or to show him what you\rquote re up to, or to talk to him at all, or to write him messages or \'85 or to contact him in any way. Got it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He thought he could see Kreacher struggling to see a loophole in the instructions he had just been given and waited. After a moment or two, and to Harry\rquote s great satisfaction, Kreacher bowed deeply again and said, with bitter resentment, \ldblquote Master thinks of every\-thing, and Kreacher must obey him even though Kreacher would much rather be the servant of the Malfoy boy, oh yes. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s settled, then,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote ll want regular reports, but make sure I\rquote m not surrounded by people when you turn up. Ron and Hermione are okay. And don\rquote t tell anyone what you\rquote re doing. Just stick to Malfoy like a couple of wart plasters.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 20\par
\pard\qc Lord Voldemort\rquote s Request\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry and Ron left the hospital wing first thing on Mon\-day morning, restored to full health by the ministra\-tions of Madam Pomfrey and now able to enjoy the benefits of having been knocked out and poisoned, the best of which was that Hermione was friends with Ron again. Hermione even escorted them down to breakfast, bringing with her the news that Ginny had argued with Dean. The drowsing creature in Harry\rquote s chest sud\-denly raised its head, sniffing the air hopefully.\par
\ldblquote What did they row about?\rdblquote  he asked, trying to sound casual as they turned onto a seventh-floor corridor that was deserted but for a very small girl who had been examining a tapestry of trolls in tu\-tus. She looked terrified at the sight of the approaching sixth years and dropped the heavy brass scales she was carrying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all right!\rdblquote  said Hermione kindly, hurrying forward to help her. \ldblquote Here \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She tapped the broken scales with her wand and said, \ldblquote\i Reparo.\i0\rdblquote  The girl did not say thank you, but remained rooted to the spot as they passed and watched them out of sight; Ron glanced back at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I swear they\rquote re getting smaller,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never mind her,\rdblquote  said Harry, a little impatiently. \ldblquote What did Ginny and Dean row about, Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Dean was laughing about McLaggen hitting that Bludger at you,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It must\rquote ve looked funny,\rdblquote  said Ron reasonably.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It didn\rquote t look funny at all!\rdblquote  said Hermione hotly. \ldblquote It looked ter\-rible and if Coote and Peakes hadn\rquote t caught Harry he could have been very badly hurt!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, there was no need for Ginny and Dean to split up over it,\rdblquote  said Harry, still trying to sound casual. \ldblquote Or are they still together?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, they are \emdash  but why are you so interested?\rdblquote  asked Hermi\-one, giving Harry a sharp look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I just don\rquote t want my Quidditch team messed up again!\rdblquote  he said hastily, but Hermione continued to look suspicious, and he was most relieved when a voice behind them called, \ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  giving him an excuse to turn his back on her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, hi, Luna.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I went to the hospital wing to find you,\rdblquote  said Luna, rummag\-ing in her bag. \ldblquote But they said you\rquote d left. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She thrust what appeared to be a green onion, a large spotted toadstool, and a considerable amount of what looked like cat litter into Ron\rquote s hands, finally pulling out a rather grubby scroll of parch\-ment that she handed to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 I\rquote ve been told to give you this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a small roll of parchment, which Harry recognized at once as another invitation to a lesson with Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tonight,\rdblquote  he told Ron and Hermione, once he had unrolled it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice commentary last match!\rdblquote  said Ron to Luna as she took back the green onion, the toadstool, and the cat litter. Luna smiled vaguely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re making fun of me, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Everyone says I was dreadful.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I\rquote m serious!\rdblquote  said Ron earnestly. \ldblquote I can\rquote t remember enjoy\-ing commentary more! What is this, by the way?\rdblquote  he added, hold\-ing the onionlike object up to eye level.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s a Gurdyroot,\rdblquote  she said, stuffing the cat litter and the toadstool back into her bag. \ldblquote You can keep it if you like, I\rquote ve got a few of them. They\rquote re really excellent for warding off Gulping Plimpies.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she walked away, leaving Ron chortling, still clutching the Gurdyroot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know, she\rquote s grown on me, Luna,\rdblquote  he said, as they set off again for the Great Hall. \ldblquote I know she\rquote s insane, but it\rquote s in a good \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stopped talking very suddenly. Lavender Brown was stand\-ing at the foot of the marble staircase looking thunderous.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Ron nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C\rquote mon,\rdblquote  Harry muttered to Hermione, and they sped past, though not before they had heard Lavender say, \ldblquote Why didn\rquote t you tell me you were getting out today? And why was \i she\i0  with you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked both sulky and annoyed when he appeared at break\-fast half an hour later, and though he sat with Lavender, Harry did not see them exchange a word all the time they were together. Her\-mione was acting as though she was quite oblivious to all of this,\lang3081  \lang1033 but once or twice Harry saw an inexplicable smirk cross her face. All that day she seemed to be in a particularly good mood, and that evening in the common room she even consented to look over (in other words, finish writing) Harry\rquote s Herbology essay, something she had been resolutely refusing to do up to this point, because she had known that Harry would then let Ron copy his work.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks a lot, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry, giving her a hasty pat on the back as he checked his watch and saw that it was nearly eight o\rquote clock. \ldblquote Listen, I\rquote ve got to hurry or I\rquote ll be late for Dumble\-dore. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She did not answer, but merely crossed out a few of his feebler sentences in a weary sort of way. Grinning, Harry hurried out through the portrait hole and off to the headmaster\rquote s office. The gargoyle leapt aside at the mention of toffee \'e9clairs, and Harry took the spiral staircase two steps at a time, knocking on the door just as a clock within chimed eight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Enter,\rdblquote  called Dumbledore, but as Harry put out a hand to push the door, it was wrenched open from inside. There stood Pro\-fessor Trelawney.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aha!\rdblquote  she cried, pointing dramatically at Harry as she blinked at him through her magnifying spectacles. \ldblquote So this is the reason I am to be thrown unceremoniously from your office, Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear Sybill,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore in a slightly exasperated voice, \ldblquote there is no question of throwing you unceremoniously from anywhere, but Harry does have an appointment, and I really don\rquote t think there is any more to be said \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, in a deeply wounded voice. \ldblquote If you will not banish the usurping nag, so be it. \'85\lang3081  \lang1033 Perhaps I shall find a school where my talents are better appreci\-ated. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She pushed past Harry and disappeared down the spiral stair\-case; they heard her stumble halfway down, and Harry guessed that she had tripped over one of her trailing shawls.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please close the door and sit down, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, sounding rather tired.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry obeyed, noticing as he took his usual seat in front of Dumbledore\rquote s desk that the Pensieve lay between them once more, as did two more tiny crystal bottles full of swirling memory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Trelawney still isn\rquote t happy Firenze is teaching, then?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote Divination is turning out to be much more trouble than I could have foreseen, never having studied the subject myself. I cannot ask Firenze to return to the forest, where he is now an outcast, nor can I ask Sybill Trelawney to leave. Be\-tween ourselves, she has no idea of the danger she would be in out\-side the castle. She does not know \emdash  and I think it would be unwise to enlighten her \emdash  that she made the prophecy about you and Voldemort, you see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore heaved a deep sigh, then said, \ldblquote But never mind my staffing problems. We have much more important matters to dis\-cuss. Firstly \emdash  have you managed the task I set you at the end of our previous lesson?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Harry, brought up short. What with Apparition lessons and Quidditch and Ron being poisoned and getting his skull cracked and his determination to find out what Draco Malfoy was up to, Harry had almost forgotten about the memory Dumbledore\lang3081  \lang1033 had asked him to extract from Professor Slughorn. \ldblquote Well, I asked Professor Slughorn about it at the end of Potions, sir, but, er, he wouldn\rquote t give it to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a little silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore eventually, peering at Harry over the top of his half-moon spectacles and giving Harry the usual sensa\-tion that he was being X-rayed. \ldblquote And you feel that you have exerted your very best efforts in this matter, do you? That you have exer\-cised all of your considerable ingenuity? That you have left no depth of cunning unplumbed in your quest to retrieve the memory?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  Harry stalled, at a loss for what to say next. His single at\-tempt to get hold of the memory suddenly seemed embarrassingly feeble. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 the day Ron swallowed love potion by mistake I took him to Professor Slughorn. I thought maybe if I got Professor Slughorn in a good enough mood \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And did that work?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, no, sir, because Ron got poisoned \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  which, naturally, made you forget all about trying to retrieve the memory; I would have expected nothing else, while your best friend was in danger. Once it became clear that Mr. Weasley was going to make a full recovery, however, I would have hoped that you returned to the task I set you. I thought I made it clear to you how very important that memory is. Indeed, I did my best to im\-press upon you that it is the most crucial memory of all and that we will be wasting our time without it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A hot, prickly feeling of shame spread from the top of Harry\rquote s head all the way down his body. Dumbledore had not raised his voice, he did not even sound angry, but Harry would have preferred him to yell; this cold disappointment was worse than anything.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir,\rdblquote  he said, a little desperately, \ldblquote it isn\rquote t that I wasn\rquote t bothered or anything, I\rquote ve just had other \emdash  other things \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Other things on your mind,\rdblquote  Dumbledore finished the sen\-tence for him. \ldblquote I see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Silence fell between them again, the most uncomfortable silence Harry had ever experienced with Dumbledore; it seemed to go on and on, punctuated only by the little grunting snores of the por\-trait of Armando Dippet over Dumbledore\rquote s head. Harry felt strangely diminished, as though he had shrunk a little since he had entered the room. When he could stand it no longer he said, \ldblquote Pro\-fessor Dumbledore, I\rquote m really sorry. I should have done more. \'85 I should have realized you wouldn\rquote t have asked me to do it if it wasn\rquote t really important.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you for saying that, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote May I hope, then, that you will give this matter higher priority from now on? There will be little point in our meeting after tonight unless we have that memory.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll do it, sir, I\rquote ll get it from him,\rdblquote  he said earnestly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then we shall say no more about it just now,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore more kindly, \ldblquote but continue with our story where we left off. You re\-member where that was?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote Voldemort killed his father and his grandparents and made it look as though his Uncle Morfin did it. Then he went back to Hogwarts and he asked \'85 he asked Pro\-fessor Slughorn about Horcruxes,\rdblquote  he mumbled shamefacedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very good,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Now, you will remember, I hope, that I told you at the very outset of these meetings of ours that we would be entering the realms of guesswork and speculation?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thus far, as I hope you agree, I have shown you reasonably firm sources of fact for my deductions as to what Voldemort did until the age of seventeen?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But now, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote now things become murkier and stranger. If it was difficult to find evidence about the boy Riddle, it has been almost impossible to find anyone prepared to reminisce about the man Voldemort. In fact, I doubt whether there is a soul alive, apart from himself, who could give us a full ac\-count of his life since he left Hogwarts. However, I have two last memories that I would like to share with you.\rdblquote  Dumbledore indi\-cated the two little crystal bottles gleaming beside the Pensieve. \ldblquote I shall then be glad of your opinion as to whether the conclusions I have drawn from them seem likely.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The idea that Dumbledore valued his opinion this highly made Harry feel even more deeply ashamed that he had failed in the task of retrieving the Horcrux memory, and he shifted guiltily in his seat as Dumbledore raised the first of the two bottles to the light and examined it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hope you are not tired of diving into other people\rquote s memories, for they are curious recollections, these two,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote This first one came from a very old house-elf by the name of Hokey. Before we see what Hokey witnessed, I must quickly recount how Lord Voldemort left Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He reached the seventh year of his schooling with, as you might have expected, top grades in every examination he had taken. All around him, his classmates were deciding which jobs they were to pursue once they had left Hogwarts. Nearly everybody expected spectacular things from Tom Riddle, prefect, Head Boy, winner of\lang3081  \lang1033 the Award for Special Services to the School. I know that several teachers, Professor Slughorn amongst them, suggested that he join the Ministry of Magic, offered to set up appointments, put him in touch with useful contacts. He refused all offers. The next thing the staff knew, Voldemort was working at Borgin and Burkes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At Borgin and Burkes?\rdblquote  Harry repeated, stunned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At Borgin and Burkes,\rdblquote  repeated Dumbledore calmly. \ldblquote I think you will see what attractions the place held for him when we have entered Hokey\rquote s memory. But this was not Voldemort\rquote s first choice of job. Hardly anyone knew of it at the time \emdash  I was one of the few in whom the then headmaster confided \emdash  but Voldemort first approached Professor Dippet and asked whether he could remain at Hogwarts as a teacher.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He wanted to stay here? Why?\rdblquote  asked Harry, more amazed still.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I believe he had several reasons, though he confided none of them to Professor Dippet,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Firstly, and very importantly, Voldemort was, I believe, more attached to this school than he has ever been to a person. Hogwarts was where he had been happiest; the first and only place he had felt at home.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt slightly uncomfortable at these words, for this was ex\-actly how he felt about Hogwarts too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Secondly, the castle is a stronghold of ancient magic. Undoubt\-edly Voldemort had penetrated many more of its secrets than most of the students who pass through the place, but he may have felt that there were still mysteries to unravel, stores of magic to tap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And thirdly, as a teacher, he would have had great power and in\-fluence over young witches and wizards. Perhaps he had gained the idea from Professor Slughorn, the teacher with whom he was on best terms, who had demonstrated how influential a role a teacher\lang3081  \lang1033 can play. I do not imagine for an instant that Voldemort envisaged spending the rest of his life at Hogwarts, but I do think that he saw it as a useful recruiting ground, and a place where he might begin to build himself an army.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he didn\rquote t get the job, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, he did not. Professor Dippet told him that he was too young at eighteen, but invited him to reapply in a few years, if he still wished to teach.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you feel about that, sir?\rdblquote  asked Harry hesitantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Deeply uneasy,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I had advised Armando against the appointment \emdash  I did not give the reasons I have given you, for Professor Dippet was very fond of Voldemort and con\-vinced of his honesty. But I did not want Lord Voldemort back at this school, and especially not in a position of power.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which job did he want, sir? What subject did he want to teach?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Somehow, Harry knew the answer even before Dumbledore gave it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Defense Against the Dark Arts. It was being taught at the time by an old Professor by the name of Galatea Merrythought, who had been at Hogwarts for nearly fifty years.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So Voldemort went off to Borgin and Burkes, and all the staff who had admired him said what a waste it was, a brilliant young wizard like that, working in a shop. However, Voldemort was no mere assistant. Polite and handsome and clever, he was soon given particular jobs of the type that only exist in a place like Borgin and Burkes, which specializes, as you know, Harry, in objects with un\-usual and powerful properties. Voldemort was sent to persuade\lang3081  \lang1033 people to part with their treasures for sale by the partners, and he was, by all accounts, unusually gifted at doing this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll bet he was,\rdblquote  said Harry, unable to contain himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, quite,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, with a faint smile. \ldblquote And now it is time to hear from Hokey the house-elf, who worked for a very old, very rich witch by the name of Hepzibah Smith.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore tapped a bottle with his wand, the cork flew out, and he tipped the swirling memory into the Pensieve, saying as he did so, \ldblquote After you, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry got to his feet and bent once more over the rippling silver contents of the stone basin until his face touched them. He tum\-bled through dark nothingness and landed in a sitting room in front of an immensely fat old lady wearing an elaborate ginger wig and a brilliant pink set of robes that flowed all around her, giving her the look of a melting iced cake. She was looking into a small jeweled mirror and dabbing rouge onto her already scarlet cheeks with a large powder puff, while the tiniest and oldest house-elf Harry had ever seen laced her fleshy feet into tight satin slippers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hurry up, Hokey!\rdblquote  said Hepzibah imperiously. \ldblquote He said he\rquote d come at four, it\rquote s only a couple of minutes to and he\rquote s never been late yet!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She tucked away her powder puff as the house-elf straightened up. The top of the elf\rquote s head barely reached the seat of Hepzibah\rquote s chair, and her papery skin hung off her frame just like the crisp linen sheet she wore draped like a toga.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do I look?\rdblquote  said Hepzibah, turning her head to admire the various angles of her face in the mirror.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lovely, madam,\rdblquote  squeaked Hokey.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could only assume that it was down in Hokey\rquote s contract that she must lie through her teeth when asked this question, be\-cause Hepzibah Smith looked a long way from lovely in his opinion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A tinkling doorbell rang and both mistress and elf jumped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quick, quick, he\rquote s here, Hokey!\rdblquote  cried Hepzibah and the elf scurried out of the room, which was so crammed with objects that it was difficult to see how anybody could navigate their way across it without knocking over at least a dozen things: There were cabi\-nets full of little lacquered boxes, cases full of gold-embossed books, shelves of orbs and celestial globes, and many flourishing potted plants in brass containers. In fact, the room looked like a cross between a magical antique shop and a conservatory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The house-elf returned within minutes, followed by a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Volde\-mort. He was plainly dressed in a black suit; his hair was a little longer than it had been at school and his cheeks were hollowed, but all of this suited him; he looked more handsome than ever. He picked his way through the cramped room with an air that showed he had visited many times before and bowed low over Hepzibah\rquote s fat little hand, brushing it with his lips.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I brought you flowers,\rdblquote  he said quietly, producing a bunch of roses from nowhere.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You naughty boy, you shouldn\rquote t have!\rdblquote  squealed old Hepzibah, though Harry noticed that she had an empty vase standing ready on the nearest little table. \ldblquote You do spoil this old lady, Tom. \'85 Sit down, sit down. \'85 Where\rquote s Hokey? Ah \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The house-elf had come dashing back into the room carrying a tray of little cakes, which she set at her mistress\rquote s elbow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Help yourself, Tom,\rdblquote  said Hepzibah, \ldblquote I know how you love my cakes. Now, how are you? You look pale. They overwork you at that shop, I\rquote ve said it a hundred times. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort smiled mechanically and Hepzibah simpered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, what\rquote s your excuse for visiting this time?\rdblquote  she asked, bat\-ting her lashes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Burke would like to make an improved offer for the gob\-lin-made armor,\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote Five hundred Galleons, he feels it is a more than fair \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, now, not so fast, or I\rquote ll think you\rquote re only here for my trin\-kets!\rdblquote  pouted Hepzibah.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am ordered here because of them,\rdblquote  said Voldemort quietly. \ldblquote I am only a poor assistant, madam, who must do as he is told. Mr. Burke wishes me to inquire \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Mr. Burke, phooey!\rdblquote  said Hepzibah, waving a little hand. \ldblquote I\rquote ve something to show you that I\rquote ve never shown Mr. Burke! Can you keep a secret, Tom? Will you promise you won\rquote t tell Mr. Burke I\rquote ve got it? He\rquote d never let me rest if he knew I\rquote d shown it to you, and I\rquote m not selling, not to Burke, not to anyone! But you, Tom, you\rquote ll appreciate it for its history, not how many Galleons you can get for it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d be glad to see anything Miss Hepzibah shows me,\rdblquote  said Voldemort quietly, and Hepzibah gave another girlish giggle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had Hokey bring it out for me. \'85 Hokey, where are you? I want to show Mr. Riddle our \i finest\i0  treasure. \'85 In fact, bring both, while you\rquote re at it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here, madam,\rdblquote  squeaked the house-elf, and Harry saw two leather boxes, one on top of the other, moving across the room as if of their own volition, though he knew the tiny elf was holding\lang3081  \lang1033 them over her head as she wended her way between tables, pouffes, and footstools.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now,\rdblquote  said Hepzibah happily, taking the boxes from the elf, laying them in her lap, and preparing to open the topmost one, \ldblquote I think you\rquote ll like this, Tom. \'85 Oh, if my family knew I was show\-ing you. \'85 They can\rquote t wait to get their hands on this!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She opened the lid. Harry edged forward a little to get a better view and saw what looked like a small golden cup with two finely wrought handles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wonder whether you know what it is, Tom? Pick it up, have a good look!\rdblquote  whispered Hepzibah, and Voldemort stretched out a long-fingered hand and lifted the cup by one handle out of its snug silken wrappings. Harry thought he saw a red gleam in his dark eyes. His greedy expression was curiously mirrored on Hepzibah\rquote s face, except that her tiny eyes were fixed upon Voldemort\rquote s hand\-some features.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A badger,\rdblquote  murmured Voldemort, examining the engraving upon the cup. \ldblquote Then this was \'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Helga Hufflepuff\rquote s, as you very well know, you clever boy!\rdblquote  said Hepzibah, leaning forward with a loud creaking of corsets and ac\-tually pinching his hollow cheek. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t I tell you I was distantly descended? This has been handed down in the family for years and years. Lovely, isn\rquote t it? And all sorts of powers it\rquote s supposed to pos\-sess too, but I haven\rquote t tested them thoroughly, I just keep it nice and safe in here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She hooked the cup back off Voldemort\rquote s long forefinger and re\-stored it gently to its box, too intent upon settling it carefully back into position to notice the shadow that crossed Voldemort\rquote s face as the cup was taken away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now then,\rdblquote  said Hepzibah happily, \ldblquote where\rquote s Hokey? Oh yes, there you are \emdash  take that away now, Hokey.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The elf obediently took the boxed cup, and Hepzibah turned her attention to the much flatter box in her lap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think you\rquote ll like this even more, Tom,\rdblquote  she whispered. \ldblquote Lean in a little, dear boy, so you can see. \'85 Of course, Burke knows I\rquote ve got this one, I bought it from him, and I daresay he\rquote d love to get it back when I\rquote m gone. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She slid back the fine filigree clasp and flipped open the box. There upon the smooth crimson velvet lay a heavy golden locket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort reached out his hand, without invitation this time, and held it up to the light, staring at it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Slytherin\rquote s mark,\rdblquote  he said quietly, as the light played upon an ornate, serpentine \i S.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right!\rdblquote  said Hepzibah, delighted, apparently, at the sight of Voldemort gazing at her locket, transfixed. \ldblquote I had to pay an arm and a leg for it, but I couldn\rquote t let it pass, not a real treasure like that, had to have it for my collection. Burke bought it, apparently, from a ragged-looking woman who seemed to have stolen it, but had no idea of its true value \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no mistaking it this time: Voldemort\rquote s eyes flashed scarlet at the words, and Harry saw his knuckles whiten on the locket\rquote s chain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  I daresay Burke paid her a pittance but there you are. \'85 Pretty, isn\rquote t it? And again, all kinds of powers attributed to it, though I just keep it nice and safe. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She reached out to take the locket back. For a moment, Harry thought Voldemort was not going to let go of it, but then it had slid through his fingers and was back in its red velvet cushion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So there you are, Tom, dear, and I hope you enjoyed that!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked him full in the face and for the first time, Harry saw her foolish smile falter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you all right, dear?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Voldemort quietly. \ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m very well. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought \emdash  but a trick of the light, I suppose \emdash\rdblquote  said Hepzi\-bah, looking unnerved, and Harry guessed that she too had seen the momentary red gleam in Voldemort\rquote s eyes. \ldblquote Here, Hokey, take these away and lock them up again. \'85 The usual enchant\-ments \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Time to leave, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly, and as the lit\-tle elf bobbed away bearing the boxes, Dumbledore grasped Harry once again above the elbow and together they rose up through oblivion and back to Dumbledore\rquote s office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hepzibah Smith died two days after that little scene,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, resuming his seat and indicating that Harry should do the same. \ldblquote Hokey the house-elf was convicted by the Ministry of poisoning her mistress\rquote s evening cocoa by accident.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No way!\rdblquote  said Harry angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see we are of one mind,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Certainly, there are many similarities between this death and that of the Riddles. In both cases, somebody else took the blame, someone who had a clear memory of having caused the death \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hokey confessed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She remembered putting something in her mistress\rquote s cocoa that turned out not to be sugar, but a lethal and little-known poison,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote It was concluded that she had not meant to do it, but being old and confused \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort modified her memory, just like he did with Morfin!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, that is my conclusion too,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote And, just as with Morfin, the Ministry was predisposed to suspect Hokey \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  because she was a house-elf,\rdblquote  said Harry. He had rarely felt more in sympathy with the society Hermione had set up, S.P.E.W.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Precisely,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote She was old, she admitted to having tampered with the drink, and nobody at the Ministry both\-ered to inquire further. As in the case of Morfin, by the time I traced her and managed to extract this memory, her life was almost over \emdash  but her memory, of course, proves nothing except that Voldemort knew of the existence of the cup and the locket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote By the time Hokey was convicted, Hepzibah\rquote s family had real\-ized that two of her greatest treasures were missing. It took them a while to be sure of this, for she had many hiding places, having al\-ways guarded her collection most jealously. But before they were sure beyond doubt that the cup and the locket were both gone, the assistant who had worked at Borgin and Burkes, the young man who had visited Hepzibah so regularly and charmed her so well, had resigned his post and vanished. His superiors had no idea where he had gone; they were as surprised as anyone at his disap\-pearance. And that was the last that was seen or heard of Tom Rid\-dle for a very long time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote if you don\rquote t mind, Harry, I want to pause once more to draw your attention to certain points of our story. Voldemort had committed another murder; whether it was his first since he killed the Riddles, I do not know, but I think it was. This time, as you will have seen, he killed not for revenge, but for gain. He wanted the two fabulous trophies that poor, besotted,\lang3081  \lang1033 old woman showed him. Just as he had once robbed the other chil\-dren at his orphanage, just as he had stolen his Uncle Morfin\rquote s ring, so he ran off now with Hepzibah\rquote s cup and locket.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But,\rdblquote  said Harry, frowning, \ldblquote it seems mad. \'85 Risking every\-thing, throwing away his job, just for those \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mad to you, perhaps, but not to Voldemort,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore. \ldblquote I hope you will understand in due course exactly what those objects meant to him, Harry, but you must admit that it is not dif\-ficult to imagine that he saw the locket, at least, as rightfully his.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The locket maybe,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but why take the cup as well?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It had belonged to another of Hogwarts\rquote s founders,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore. \ldblquote I think he still felt a great pull toward the school and that he could not resist an object so steeped in Hogwarts history. There were other reasons, I think. \'85 I hope to be able to demonstrate them to you in due course.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now for the very last recollection I have to show you, at least until you manage to retrieve Professor Slughorn\rquote s memory for us. Ten years separates Hokey\rquote s memory and this one, ten years during which we can only guess at what Lord Voldemort was doing. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry got to his feet once more as Dumbledore emptied the last memory into the Pensieve.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whose memory is it?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mine,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Harry dived after Dumbledore through the shifting silver mass, landing in the very office he had just left. There was Fawkes slumbering happily on his perch, and there behind the desk was Dumbledore, who looked very similar to the Dumbledore standing beside Harry, though both hands were whole and undamaged and his face was, perhaps, a little less lined. The one difference between\lang3081  \lang1033 the present-day office and this one was that it was snowing in the past; bluish flecks were drifting past the window in the dark and building up on the outside ledge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The younger Dumbledore seemed to be waiting for something, and sure enough, moments after their arrival, there was a knock on the door and he said, \ldblquote Enter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry let out a hastily stifled gasp. Voldemort had entered the room. His features were not those Harry had seen emerge from the great stone cauldron almost two years ago: They were not as snake\-like, the eyes were not yet scarlet, the face not yet masklike, and yet he was no longer handsome Tom Riddle. It was as though his fea\-tures had been burned and blurred; they were waxy and oddly dis\-torted, and the whites of the eyes now had a permanently bloody look, though the pupils were not yet the slits that Harry knew they would become. He was wearing a long black cloak, and his face was as pale as the snow glistening on his shoulders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Dumbledore behind the desk showed no sign of surprise. Evidently this visit had been made by appointment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good evening, Tom,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore easily. \ldblquote Won\rquote t you sit down?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, and he took the seat to which Dumbledore had gestured \emdash  the very seat, by the looks of it, that Harry had just vacated in the present. \ldblquote I heard that you had be\-come headmaster,\rdblquote  he said, and his voice was slightly higher and colder than it had been. \ldblquote A worthy choice.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am glad you approve,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling. \ldblquote May I of\-fer you a drink?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That would be welcome,\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote I have come a long way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore stood and swept over to the cabinet where he now kept the Pensieve, but which then was full of bottles. Having handed Voldemort a goblet of wine and poured one for himself, he returned to the seat behind his desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, Tom \'85 to what do I owe the pleasure?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort did not answer at once, but merely sipped his wine.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They do not call me \lquote Tom\rquote  anymore,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote These days, I am known as \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know what you are known as,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling pleasantly. \ldblquote But to me, I\rquote m afraid, you will always be Tom Riddle. It is one of the irritating things about old teachers. I am afraid that they never quite forget their charges\rquote  youthful beginnings.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He raised his glass as though toasting Voldemort, whose face re\-mained expressionless. Nevertheless, Harry felt the atmosphere in the room change subtly: Dumbledore\rquote s refusal to use Voldemort\rquote s chosen name was a refusal to allow Voldemort to dictate the terms of the meeting, and Harry could tell that Voldemort took it as such.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am surprised you have remained here so long,\rdblquote  said Volde\-mort after a short pause. \ldblquote I always wondered why a wizard such as yourself never wished to leave school.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, still smiling, \ldblquote to a wizard such as my\-self, there can be nothing more important than passing on ancient skills, helping hone young minds. If I remember correctly, you once saw the attraction of teaching too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see it still,\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote I merely wondered why you \emdash  who are so often asked for advice by the Ministry, and who have twice, I think, been offered the post of Minister \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Three times at the last count, actually,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote But the Ministry never attracted me as a career. Again, something we have in common, I think.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort inclined his head, unsmiling, and took another sip of wine. Dumbledore did not break the silence that stretched between them now, but waited, with a look of pleasant expectancy, for Voldemort to talk first.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have returned,\rdblquote  he said, after a little while, \ldblquote later, perhaps, than Professor Dippet expected \'85 but I have returned, neverthe\-less, to request again what he once told me I was too young to have. I have come to you to ask that you permit me to return to this cas\-tle, to teach. I think you must know that I have seen and done much since I left this place. I could show and tell your students things they can gain from no other wizard.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore considered Voldemort over the top of his own gob\-let for a while before speaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I certainly do know that you have seen and done much since leaving us,\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote Rumors of your doings have reached your old school, Tom. I should be sorry to believe half of them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort\rquote s expression remained impassive as he said, \ldblquote Great\-ness inspires envy, envy engenders spite, spite spawns lies. You must know this, Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You call it \lquote greatness,\rquote  what you have been doing, do you?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore delicately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, and his eyes seemed to burn red. \ldblquote I have experimented; I have pushed the boundaries of magic further, perhaps, than they have ever been pushed \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of some kinds of magic,\rdblquote  Dumbledore corrected him quietly. \ldblquote Of some. Of others, you remain \'85 forgive me \'85 woefully ignorant.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For the first time, Voldemort smiled. It was a taut leer, an evil thing, more threatening than a look of rage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The old argument,\rdblquote  he said softly. \ldblquote But nothing I have seen in the world has supported your famous pronouncements that love is more powerful than my kind of magic, Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perhaps you have been looking in the wrong places,\rdblquote  suggested Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, then, what better place to start my fresh researches than here, at Hogwarts?\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote Will you let me return? Will you let me share my knowledge with your students? I place myself and my talents at your disposal. I am yours to command.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore raised his eyebrows. \ldblquote And what will become of those whom \i you\i0  command? What will happen to those who call themselves \emdash  or so rumor has it \emdash  the Death Eaters?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could tell that Voldemort had not expected Dumbledore to know this name; he saw Voldemort\rquote s eyes flash red again and the slitlike nostrils flare.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My friends,\rdblquote  he said, after a moment\rquote s pause, \ldblquote will carry on without me, I am sure.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am glad to hear that you consider them friends,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore. \ldblquote I was under the impression that they are more in the or\-der of servants.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are mistaken,\rdblquote  said Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then if I were to go to the Hog\rquote s Head tonight, I would not find a group of them \emdash  Nott, Rosier, Mulciber, Dolohov \emdash  awaiting your return? Devoted friends indeed, to travel this far with you on\lang3081  \lang1033 a snowy night, merely to wish you luck as you attempted to secure a teaching post.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There could be no doubt that Dumbledore\rquote s detailed knowledge of those with whom he was traveling was even less welcome to Voldemort; however, he rallied almost at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are omniscient as ever, Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no, merely friendly with the local barmen,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore lightly. \ldblquote Now, Tom \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore set down his empty glass and drew himself up in his seat, the tips of his fingers together in a very characteristic gesture.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let us speak openly. Why have you come here tonight, sur\-rounded by henchmen, to request a job we both know you do not want?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort looked coldly surprised. \ldblquote A job I do not want? On the contrary, Dumbledore, I want it very much.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, you want to come back to Hogwarts, but you do not want to teach any more than you wanted to when you were eighteen. What is it you\rquote re after, Tom? Why not try an open request for once?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort sneered. \ldblquote If you do not want to give me a job \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I don\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote And I don\rquote t think for a moment you expected me to. Nevertheless, you came here, you asked, you must have had a purpose.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort stood up. He looked less like Tom Riddle than ever, his features thick with rage. \ldblquote This is your final word?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, also standing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then we have nothing more to say to each other.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, nothing,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and a great sadness filled his face. \ldblquote The time is long gone when I could frighten you with a\lang3081  \lang1033 burning wardrobe and force you to make repayment for your crimes. But I wish I could, Tom. \'85 I wish I could. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a second, Harry was on the verge of shouting a pointless warning: He was sure that Voldemort\rquote s hand had twitched toward his pocket and his wand; but then the moment had passed, Volde\-mort had turned away, the door was closing, and he was gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt Dumbledore\rquote s hand close over his arm again and mo\-ments later, they were standing together on almost the same spot, but there was no snow building on the window ledge, and Dum\-bledore\rquote s hand was blackened and dead-looking once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  said Harry at once, looking up into Dumbledore\rquote s face. \ldblquote Why did he come back? Did you ever find out?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have ideas,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote but no more than that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What ideas, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I shall tell you, Harry, when you have retrieved that memory from Professor Slughorn,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote When you have that last piece of the jigsaw, everything will, I hope, be clear \'85 to both of us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was still burning with curiosity and even though Dum\-bledore had walked to the door and was holding it open for him, he did not move at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Was he after the Defense Against the Dark Arts job again, sir? He didn\rquote t say. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, he definitely wanted the Defense Against the Dark Arts job,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote The aftermath of our little meeting proved that. You see, we have never been able to keep a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher for longer than a year since I refused the post to Lord Voldemort.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 21\par
\pard\qc The Unknowable Room\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry wracked his brains over the next week as to how he was to persuade Slughorn to hand over the true mem\-ory, but nothing in the nature of a brain wave occurred and he was reduced to doing what he did increasingly these days when at a loss: poring over his Potions book, hoping that the Prince would have scribbled something useful in a margin, as he had done so many times before.\par
\ldblquote You won\rquote t find anything in there,\rdblquote  said Hermione firmly, late on Sunday evening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t start, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote If it hadn\rquote t been for the Prince, Ron wouldn\rquote t be sitting here now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He would if you\rquote d just listened to Snape in our first year,\rdblquote  said Hermione dismissively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry ignored her. He had just found an incantation (\ldblquote\i Sectum\-sempra\i0 !\rdblquote ) scrawled in a margin above the intriguing words \ldblquote For\lang3081  \lang1033 Enemies,\rdblquote  and was itching to try it out, but thought it best not to in front of Hermione. Instead, he surreptitiously folded down the corner of the page.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were sitting beside the fire in the common room; the only other people awake were fellow sixth years. There had been a cer\-tain amount of excitement earlier when they had come back from dinner to find a new sign on the notice board that announced the date for their Apparition Test. Those who would be seventeen on or before the first test date, the twenty-first of April, had the option of signing up for additional practice sessions, which would take place (heavily supervised) in Hogsmeade.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had panicked on reading this notice; he had still not man\-aged to Apparate and feared he would not be ready for the test. Hermione, who had now achieved Apparition twice, was a little more confident, but Harry, who would not be seventeen for an\-other four months, could not take the test whether ready or not.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At least you can Apparate, though!\rdblquote  said Ron tensely. \ldblquote You\rquote ll have no trouble come July!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve only done it once,\rdblquote  Harry reminded him; he had finally managed to disappear and rematerialize inside his hoop during their previous lesson.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Having wasted a lot of time worrying aloud about Apparition, Ron was now struggling to finish a viciously difficult essay for Snape that Harry and Hermione had already completed. Harry fully expected to receive low marks on his, because he had disagreed with Snape on the best way to tackle dementors, but he did not care: Slughorn\rquote s memory was the most important thing to him now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m telling you, the stupid Prince isn\rquote t going to be able to help you with this, Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione, more loudly. \ldblquote There\rquote s only\lang3081  \lang1033 one way to force someone to do what you want, and that\rquote s the Im\-perius Curse, which is illegal \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I know that, thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, not looking up from the book. \ldblquote That\rquote s why I\rquote m looking for something different. Dumble\-dore says Veritaserum won\rquote t do it, but there might be something else, a potion or a spell. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re going about it the wrong way,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Only you can get the memory, Dumbledore says. That must mean you can persuade Slughorn where other people can\rquote t. It\rquote s not a question of slipping him a potion, anyone could do that \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you spell \lquote belligerent\rquote ?\rdblquote  said Ron, shaking his quill very hard while staring at his parchment. \ldblquote It can\rquote t be B \emdash  U \emdash  M \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it isn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Hermione, pulling Ron\rquote s essay toward her. \ldblquote And \lquote augury\rquote  doesn\rquote t begin O \emdash  R \emdash  G either. What kind of quill are you using?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s one of Fred and George\rquote s Spell-Check ones \'85 but I think the charm must be wearing off. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, it must,\rdblquote  said Hermione, pointing at the title of his essay, \ldblquote because we were asked how we\rquote d deal with dementors, not \lquote Dug\-bogs,\rquote  and I don\rquote t remember you changing your name to \lquote Roonil Wazlib\rquote  either.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah no!\rdblquote  said Ron, staring horror-struck at the parchment. \ldblquote Don\rquote t say I\rquote ll have to write the whole thing out again!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s okay, we can fix it,\rdblquote  said Hermione, pulling the essay toward her and taking out her wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I love you, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron, sinking back in his chair, rub\-bing his eyes wearily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione turned faintly pink, but merely said, \ldblquote Don\rquote t let Lavender hear you saying that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I won\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Ron into his hands. \ldblquote Or maybe I will\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 then she\rquote ll ditch me \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why don\rquote t you ditch her if you want to finish it?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You haven\rquote t ever chucked anyone, have you?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You and Cho just \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sort of fell apart, yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wish that would happen with me and Lavender,\rdblquote  said Ron gloomily, watching Hermione silently tapping each of his mis\-spelled words with the end of her wand, so that they corrected themselves on the page. \ldblquote But the more I hint I want to finish it, the tighter she holds on. It\rquote s like going out with the giant squid.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There,\rdblquote  said Hermione, some twenty minutes later, handing back Ron\rquote s essay.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks a million,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Can I borrow your quill for the conclusion?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who had found nothing useful in the Half-Blood Prince\rquote s notes so far, looked around; the three of them were now the only ones left in the common room, Seamus having just gone up to bed cursing Snape and his essay. The only sounds were the crackling of the fire and Ron scratching out one last paragraph on dementors using Hermione\rquote s quill. Harry had just closed the Half-Blood Prince\rquote s book, yawning, when \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Crack.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Hermione let out a little shriek; Ron spilled ink all over his freshly completed essay, and Harry said, \ldblquote Kreacher!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The house-elf bowed low and addressed his own gnarled toes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master said he wanted regular reports on what the Malfoy boy is doing, so Kreacher has come to give \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Crack.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Dobby appeared alongside Kreacher, his tea-cozy hat askew.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby has been helping too, Harry Potter!\rdblquote  he squeaked, cast\-ing Kreacher a resentful look. \ldblquote And Kreacher ought to tell Dobby when he is coming to see Harry Potter so they can make their re\-ports together!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is this?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, still looking shocked by these sudden appearances. \ldblquote What\rquote s going on, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hesitated before answering, because he had not told Her\-mione about setting Kreacher and Dobby to tail Malfoy; house-elves were always such a touchy subject with her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 they\rquote ve been following Malfoy for me,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Night and day,\rdblquote  croaked Kreacher.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby has not slept for a week, Harry Potter!\rdblquote  said Dobby proudly, swaying where he stood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked indignant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You haven\rquote t slept, Dobby? But surely, Harry, you didn\rquote t tell him not to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, of course I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote Dobby, you can sleep, all right? But has either of you found out anything?\rdblquote  he has\-tened to ask, before Hermione could intervene again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master Malfoy moves with a nobility that befits his pure blood,\rdblquote  croaked Kreacher at once. \ldblquote His features recall the fine bones of my mistress and his manners are those of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Draco Malfoy is a bad boy!\rdblquote  squeaked Dobby angrily. \ldblquote A bad boy who \emdash  who \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He shuddered from the tassel of his tea cozy to the toes of his socks and then ran at the fire, as though about to dive into it;\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry, to whom this was not entirely unexpected, caught him around the middle and held him fast. For a few seconds Dobby struggled, then went limp.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Harry Potter,\rdblquote  he panted. \ldblquote Dobby still finds it dif\-ficult to speak ill of his old masters. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry released him; Dobby straightened his tea cozy and said defiantly to Kreacher, \ldblquote But Kreacher should know that Draco Mal\-foy is not a good master to a house-elf!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, we don\rquote t need to hear about you being in love with Malfoy,\rdblquote  Harry told Kreacher. \ldblquote Let\rquote s fast forward to where he\rquote s actually been going.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher bowed again, looking furious, and then said, \ldblquote Master Malfoy eats in the Great Hall, he sleeps in a dormitory in the dun\-geons, he attends his classes in a variety of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby, you tell me,\rdblquote  said Harry, cutting across Kreacher. \ldblquote Has he been going anywhere he shouldn\rquote t have?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter, sir,\rdblquote  squeaked Dobby, his great orblike eyes shin\-ing in the firelight, \ldblquote the Malfoy boy is breaking no rules that Dobby can discover, but he is still keen to avoid detection. He has been making regular visits to the seventh floor with a variety of other students, who keep watch for him while he enters \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Room of Requirement!\rdblquote  said Harry, smacking himself hard on the forehead with \i Advanced Potion-Making.\i0  Hermione and Ron stared at him. \ldblquote That\rquote s where he\rquote s been sneaking off to! That\rquote s where he\rquote s doing \'85 whatever he\rquote s doing! And I bet that\rquote s why he\rquote s been disappearing off the map \emdash  come to think of it, I\rquote ve never seen the Room of Requirement on there!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe the Marauders never knew the room was there,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think it\rquote ll be part of the magic of the room,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote If you need it to be Unplottable, it will be.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby, have you managed to get in to have a look at what Mal\-foy\rquote s doing?\rdblquote  said Harry eagerly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Harry Potter, that is impossible,\rdblquote  said Dobby.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it\rquote s not,\rdblquote  said Harry at once. \ldblquote Malfoy got into our head\-quarters there last year, so I\rquote ll be able to get in and spy on him, no problem.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I don\rquote t think you will, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione slowly. \ldblquote Mal\-foy already knew exactly how we were using the room, didn\rquote t he, because that stupid Marietta had blabbed. He needed the room to become the headquarters of the D.A., so it did. But you don\rquote t know what the room becomes when Malfoy goes in there, so you don\rquote t know what to ask it to transform into.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote ll be a way around that,\rdblquote  said Harry dismissively. \ldblquote You\rquote ve done brilliantly, Dobby.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher\rquote s done well too,\rdblquote  said Hermione kindly; but far from looking grateful, Kreacher averted his huge, bloodshot eyes and croaked at the ceiling, \ldblquote The Mudblood is speaking to Kreacher, Kreacher will pretend he cannot hear \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get out of it,\rdblquote  Harry snapped at him, and Kreacher made one last deep bow and Disapparated. \ldblquote You\rquote d better go and get some sleep too, Dobby.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Harry Potter, sir!\rdblquote  squeaked Dobby happily, and he too vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How good\rquote s this?\rdblquote  said Harry enthusiastically, turning to Ron and Hermione the moment the room was elf-free again. \ldblquote We know where Malfoy\rquote s going! We\rquote ve got him cornered now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it\rquote s great,\rdblquote  said Ron glumly, who was attempting to mop\lang3081  \lang1033 up the sodden mass of ink that had recently been an almost com\-pleted essay. Hermione pulled it toward her and began siphoning the ink off with her wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what\rquote s all this about him going up there with a \lquote variety of students\rquote ?\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote How many people are in on it? You wouldn\rquote t think he\rquote d trust lots of them to know what he\rquote s do\-ing. \'85\lang3081\rdblquote\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, that is weird,\rdblquote  said Harry, frowning. \ldblquote I heard him telling Crabbe it wasn\rquote t Crabbe\rquote s business what he was doing \'85 so what\rquote s he telling all these \'85 all these\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s voice tailed away; he was staring at the fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote God, I\rquote ve been stupid,\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote It\rquote s obvious, isn\rquote t it? There was a great vat of it down in the dungeon. \'85 He could\rquote ve nicked some any time during that lesson. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nicked what?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Polyjuice Potion. He stole some of the Polyjuice Potion Slug\-horn showed us in our first Potions lesson. \'85 There aren\rquote t a whole variety of students standing guard for Malfoy \'85 it\rquote s just Crabbe and Goyle as usual. \'85 Yeah, it all fits!\rdblquote  said Harry, jumping up and starting to pace in front of the fire. \ldblquote They\rquote re stupid enough to do what they\rquote re told even if he won\rquote t tell them what he\rquote s up to \'85 but he doesn\rquote t want them to be seen lurking around outside the Room of Requirement, so he\rquote s got them taking Polyjuice to make them look like other people. \'85 Those two girls I saw him with when he missed Quidditch \emdash  ha! Crabbe and Goyle!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you mean to say,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a hushed voice, \ldblquote that that little girl whose scales I repaired \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, of course!\rdblquote  said Harry loudly, staring at her. \ldblquote Of course! Malfoy must\rquote ve been inside the room at the time, so she \emdash  what\lang3081  \lang1033 am I talking about? \emdash  \i he\i0  dropped the scales to tell Malfoy not to come out, because there was someone there! And there was that girl who dropped the toadspawn too! We\rquote ve been walking past him all the time and not realizing it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s got Crabbe and Goyle transforming into girls?\rdblquote  guffawed Ron. \ldblquote Blimey \'85 No wonder they don\rquote t look too happy these days. \'85 I\rquote m surprised they don\rquote t tell him to stuff it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, they wouldn\rquote t, would they, if he\rquote s shown them his Dark Mark?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmmm \'85 the Dark Mark we don\rquote t know exists,\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one skeptically, rolling up Ron\rquote s dried essay before it could come to any more harm and handing it to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll see,\rdblquote  said Harry confidently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, we will,\rdblquote  Hermione said, getting to her feet and stretching. \ldblquote But, Harry, before you get all excited, I still don\rquote t think you\rquote ll be able to get into the Room of Requirement without knowing what\rquote s there first. And I don\rquote t think you should forget\rdblquote  \emdash  she heaved her bag onto her shoulder and gave him a very serious look \emdash  \ldblquote that what you\rquote re \i supposed\i0  to be concentrating on is getting that memory from Slughorn. Good night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry watched her go, feeling slightly disgruntled. Once the door to the girls\rquote  dormitories had closed behind her he rounded on Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you think?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wish I could Disapparate like a house-elf,\rdblquote  said Ron, staring at the spot where Dobby had vanished. \ldblquote I\rquote d have that Apparition Test in the bag.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not sleep well that night. He lay awake for what felt like hours, wondering how Malfoy was using the Room of Requirement\lang3081  \lang1033 and what he, Harry, would see when he went in there the following day, for whatever Hermione said, Harry was sure that if Malfoy had been able to see the headquarters of the D.A., he would be able to see Malfoy\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 what could it be? A meeting place? A hideout? A store\-room? A workshop? Harry\rquote s mind worked feverishly and his dreams, when he finally fell asleep, were broken and disturbed by images of Malfoy, who turned into Slughorn, who turned into Snape. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was in a state of great anticipation over breakfast the fol\-lowing morning; he had a free period before Defense Against the Dark Arts and was determined to spend it trying to get into the Room of Requirement. Hermione was rather ostentatiously show\-ing no interest in his whispered plans for forcing entry into the room, which irritated Harry, because he thought she might be a lot of help if she wanted to.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  he said quietly, leaning forward and putting a hand on the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  which she had just removed from a post owl, to stop her from opening it and vanishing behind it. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t for\-gotten about Slughorn, but I haven\rquote t got a clue how to get that memory off him, and until I get a brain wave why shouldn\rquote t I find out what Malfoy\rquote s doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve already told you, you need to \i persuade\i0  Slughorn,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione. \ldblquote It\rquote s not a question of tricking him or bewitching him, or Dumbledore could have done it in a second. Instead of messing around outside the Room of Requirement\rdblquote  \emdash  she jerked the \i Prophet\i0  out from under Harry\rquote s hand and unfolded it to look at the front page \emdash  \ldblquote you should go and find Slughorn and start appeal\-ing to his better nature.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyone we know \emdash  ?\rdblquote  asked Ron, as Hermione scanned the headlines.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes!\rdblquote  said Hermione, causing both Harry and Ron to gag on their breakfast. \ldblquote But it\rquote s all right, he\rquote s not dead \emdash  it\rquote s Mundungus, he\rquote s been arrested and sent to Azkaban! Something to do with impersonating an Inferius during an attempted burglary \'85 and someone called Octavius Pepper has vanished. \'85 Oh, and how horrible, a nine-year-old boy has been arrested for trying to kill his grandparents, they think he was under the Imperius Curse. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They finished their breakfast in silence. Hermione set off imme\-diately for Ancient Runes; Ron for the common room, where he still had to finish his conclusion on Snape\rquote s dementor essay; and Harry for the corridor on the seventh floor and the stretch of wall opposite the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy teaching trolls to do ballet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry slipped on his Invisibility Cloak once he had found an empty passage, but he need not have bothered. When he reached his destination he found it deserted. Harry was not sure whether his chances of getting inside the room were better with Malfoy in\-side it or out, but at least his first attempt was not going to be com\-plicated by the presence of Crabbe or Goyle pretending to be an eleven-year-old girl.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He closed his eyes as he approached the place where the Room of Requirement\rquote s door was concealed. He knew what he had to do; he had become most accomplished at it last year. Concentrating with all his might he thought, \i I need to see what Malfoy\rquote s doing in here. \'85\i0  \i I need to see what Malfoy\rquote s doing in here. \'85\i0  \i I need to see what Malfoy\rquote s doing in here. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Three times he walked past the door; then, his heart pounding with excitement, he opened his eyes and faced it \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he was still looking at a stretch of mundanely blank wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He moved forward and gave it an experimental push. The stone remained solid and unyielding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry aloud. \ldblquote Okay\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I thought the wrong thing. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pondered for a moment then set off again, eyes closed, con\-centrating as hard as he could.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I need to see the place where Malfoy keeps coming secretly. \'85\i0  \i I need to see the place where Malfoy keeps coming secretly. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 After three walks past, he opened his eyes expectantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, come off it,\rdblquote  he told the wall irritably. \ldblquote That was a clear in\-struction. \'85 Fine \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He thought hard for several minutes before striding off once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I need you to become the place you become for Draco Malfoy. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 He did not immediately open his eyes when he had finished his patrolling; he was listening hard, as though he might hear the door pop into existence. He heard nothing, however, except the distant twittering of birds outside. He opened his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was still no door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry swore. Someone screamed. He looked around to see a gaggle of first years running back around the corner, apparently un\-der the impression that they had just encountered a particularly foulmouthed ghost.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tried every variation of \ldblquote I need to see what Draco Malfoy is doing inside you\rdblquote  that he could think of for a whole hour, at the end of which he was forced to concede that Hermione might have had a point: The room simply did not want to open for him. Frus\-trated and annoyed, he set off for Defense Against the Dark Arts,\lang3081  \lang1033 pulling off his Invisibility Cloak and stuffing it into his bag as he went.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Late again, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape coldly, as Harry hurried into the candlelit classroom. \ldblquote Ten points from Gryffindor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry scowled at Snape as he flung himself into the seat beside Ron; half the class was still on its feet, taking out books and orga\-nizing their things; he could not be much later than any of them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Before we start, I want your dementor essays,\rdblquote  said Snape, wav\-ing his wand carelessly, so that twenty-five scrolls of parchment soared into the air and landed in a neat pile on his desk. \ldblquote And I hope for your sakes they are better than the tripe I had to endure on resisting the Imperius Curse. Now, if you will all open your books to page \emdash  what is it, Mr. Finnigan?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir,\rdblquote  said Seamus, \ldblquote I\rquote ve been wondering, how do you tell the difference between an Inferius and a ghost? Because there was something in the paper about an Inferius \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, there wasn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Snape in a bored voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But sir, I heard people talking \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you had actually read the article in question, Mr. Finnigan, you would have known that the so-called Inferius was nothing but a smelly sneak thief by the name of Mundungus Fletcher.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought Snape and Mundungus were on the same side,\rdblquote  mut\-tered Harry to Ron and Hermione. \ldblquote Shouldn\rquote t he be upset Mun\-dungus has been arrest \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Potter seems to have a lot to say on the subject,\rdblquote  said Snape, pointing suddenly at the back of the room, his black eyes fixed on Harry \ldblquote Let us ask Potter how we would tell the difference between an Inferius and a ghost.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The whole class looked around at Harry, who hastily tried to\lang3081  \lang1033 recall what Dumbledore had told him the night that they had gone to visit Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  well \emdash  ghosts are transparent \emdash\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, very good,\rdblquote  interrupted Snape, his lip curling. \ldblquote Yes, it is easy to see that nearly six years of magical education have not been wasted on you, Potter. \lquote\i Ghosts are transparent.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pansy Parkinson let out a high-pitched giggle. Several other peo\-ple were smirking. Harry took a deep breath and continued calmly, though his insides were boiling, \ldblquote Yeah, ghosts are transparent, but Inferi are dead bodies, aren\rquote t they? So they\rquote d be solid \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A five-year-old could have told us as much,\rdblquote  sneered Snape. \ldblquote The Inferius is a corpse that has been reanimated by a Dark wiz\-ard\rquote s spells. It is not alive, it is merely used like a puppet to do the wizard\rquote s bidding. A ghost, as I trust that you are all aware by now, is the imprint of a departed soul left upon the earth \'85 and of course, as Potter so wisely tells us, \i transparent.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, what Harry said is the most useful if we\rquote re trying to tell them apart!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote When we come face-to-face with one down a dark alley, we\rquote re going to be having a shufti to see if it\rquote s solid, aren\rquote t we, we\rquote re not going to be asking, \lquote Excuse me, are you the imprint of a departed soul?\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a ripple of laughter, instantly quelled by the look Snape gave the class.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Another ten points from Gryffindor,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote I would ex\-pect nothing more sophisticated from you, Ronald Weasley, the boy so solid he cannot Apparate half an inch across a room.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i No\i0 !\rdblquote\i  \i0 whispered Hermione, grabbing Harry\rquote s arm as he opened his mouth furiously. \ldblquote There\rquote s no point, you\rquote ll just end up in deten\-tion again, leave it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now open your books to page two hundred and thirteen,\rdblquote  said Snape, smirking a little, \ldblquote and read the first two paragraphs on the Cruciatus Curse. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was very subdued all through the class. When the bell sounded at the end of the lesson, Lavender caught up with Ron and Harry (Hermione mysteriously melted out of sight as she ap\-proached) and abused Snape hotly for his jibe about Ron\rquote s Appari\-tion, but this seemed to merely irritate Ron, and he shook her off by making a detour into the boys\rquote  bathroom with Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape\rquote s right, though, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Ron, after staring into a cracked mirror for a minute or two. \ldblquote I dunno whether it\rquote s worth me taking the test. I just can\rquote t get the hang of Apparition.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You might as well do the extra practice sessions in Hogsmeade and see where they get you,\rdblquote  said Harry reasonably. \ldblquote It\rquote ll be more interesting than trying to get into a stupid hoop anyway. Then, if you\rquote re still not \emdash  you know \emdash  as good as you\rquote d like to be, you can postpone the test, do it with me over the summ \emdash  Myrtle, this is the boys\rquote  bathroom!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The ghost of a girl had risen out of the toilet in a cubicle behind them and was now floating in midair, staring at them through thick, white, round glasses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  she said glumly. \ldblquote It\rquote s you two.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who were you expecting?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking at her in the mirror.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nobody,\rdblquote  said Myrtle, picking moodily at a spot on her chin. \ldblquote He said he\rquote d come back and see me, but then \i you\i0  said you\rquote d pop in and visit me too\rdblquote  \emdash  she gave Harry a reproachful look \emdash  \ldblquote and I haven\rquote t seen you for months and months. I\rquote ve learned not to ex\-pect too much from boys.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you lived in that girls\rquote  bathroom?\rdblquote  said Harry, who had been careful to give the place a wide berth for some years now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do,\rdblquote  she said, with a sulky little shrug, \ldblquote but that doesn\rquote t mean I can\rquote t \i visit\i0  other places. I came and saw you in your bath once, remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Vividly,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I thought he liked me,\rdblquote  she said plaintively. \ldblquote Maybe if you two left, he\rquote d come back again. \'85 We had lots in common. \'85 I\rquote m sure he felt it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she looked hopefully toward the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When you say you had lots in common,\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding rather amused now, \ldblquote d\rquote you mean he lives in an S-bend too?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Myrtle defiantly, her voice echoing loudly around the old tiled bathroom. \ldblquote I mean he\rquote s sensitive, people bully him too, and he feels lonely and hasn\rquote t got anybody to talk to, and he\rquote s not afraid to show his feelings and cry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s been a boy in here crying?\rdblquote  said Harry curiously. \ldblquote A young boy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never you mind!\rdblquote  said Myrtle, her small, leaky eyes fixed on Ron, who was now definitely grinning. \ldblquote I promised I wouldn\rquote t tell anyone, and I\rquote ll take his secret to the \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  not the grave, surely?\rdblquote  said Ron with a snort. \ldblquote The sewers, maybe \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Myrtle gave a howl of rage and dived back into the toilet, caus\-ing water to slop over the sides and onto the floor. Goading Myrtle seemed to have put fresh heart into Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re right,\rdblquote  he said, swinging his schoolbag back over his shoulder, \ldblquote I\rquote ll do the practice sessions in Hogsmeade before I de\-cide about taking the test.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And so the following weekend, Ron joined Hermione and the rest of the sixth years who would turn seventeen in time to take the test in a fortnight. Harry felt rather jealous watching them all get ready to go into the village; he missed making trips there, and it was a particularly fine spring day, one of the first clear skies they had seen in a long time. However, he had decided to use the time to attempt another assault on the Room of Requirement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d do better,\rdblquote  said Hermione, when he confided this plan to Ron and her in the entrance hall, \ldblquote to go straight to Slughorn\rquote s of\-fice and try and get that memory from him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been trying!\rdblquote  said Harry crossly, which was perfectly true. He had lagged behind after every Potions lesson that week in an at\-tempt to corner Slughorn, but the Potions master always left the dungeon so fast that Harry had not been able to catch him. Twice, Harry had gone to his office and knocked, but received no reply, though on the second occasion he was sure he had heard the quickly stifled sounds of an old gramophone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He doesn\rquote t want to talk to me, Hermione! He can tell I\rquote ve been trying to get him on his own again, and he\rquote s not going to let it hap\-pen!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you\rquote ve just got to keep at it, haven\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The short queue of people waiting to file past Filch, who was do\-ing his usual prodding act with the Secrecy Sensor, moved forward a few steps and Harry did not answer in case he was overheard by the caretaker. He wished Ron and Hermione both luck, then turned and climbed the marble staircase again, determined, whatever Her\-mione said, to devote an hour or two to the Room of Requirement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once out of sight of the entrance hall, Harry pulled the Ma\-rauder\rquote s Map and his Invisibility Cloak from his bag. Having\lang3081  \lang1033 concealed himself, he tapped the map, murmured, \ldblquote\i I solemnly swear that I am up to no good,\i0\rdblquote  and scanned it carefully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As it was Sunday morning, nearly all the students were inside their various common rooms, the Gryffindors in one tower, the Ravenclaws in another, the Slytherins in the dungeons, and the Hufflepuffs in the basement near the kitchens. Here and there a stray person meandered around the library or up a corridor. \'85 There were a few people out in the grounds \'85 and there, alone in the seventh-floor corridor, was Gregory Goyle. There was no sign of the Room of Requirement, but Harry was not worried about that; if Goyle was standing guard outside it, the room was open, whether the map was aware of it or not. He therefore sprinted up the stairs, slowing down only when he reached the corner into the corridor, when he began to creep, very slowly, toward the very same little girl, clutching her heavy brass scales, that Hermione had so kindly helped a fortnight before. He waited until he was right be\-hind her before bending very low and whispering, \ldblquote Hello \'85 you\rquote re very pretty, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Goyle gave a high-pitched scream of terror, threw the scales up into the air, and sprinted away, vanishing from sight long before the sound of the scales smashing had stopped echoing around the corri\-dor. Laughing, Harry turned to contemplate the blank wall behind which, he was sure, Draco Malfoy was now standing frozen, aware that someone unwelcome was out there, but not daring to make an appearance. It gave Harry a most agreeable feeling of power as he tried to remember what form of words he had not yet tried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yet this hopeful mood did not last long. Half an hour later, hav\-ing tried many more variations of his request to see what Malfoy was up to, the wall was just as doorless as ever. Harry felt frustrated\lang3081  \lang1033 beyond belief; Malfoy might be just feet away from him, and there was still not the tiniest shred of evidence as to what he was doing in there. Losing his patience completely, Harry ran at the wall and kicked it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote OUCH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He thought he might have broken his toe; as he clutched it and hopped on one foot, the Invisibility Cloak slipped off him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He spun around, one-legged, and toppled over. There, to his ut\-ter astonishment, was Tonks, walking toward him as though she frequently strolled up this corridor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote re you doing here?\rdblquote  he said, scrambling to his feet again; why did she always have to find him lying on the floor?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I came to see Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Tonks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought she looked terrible: thinner than usual, her mouse-colored hair lank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His office isn\rquote t here,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote it\rquote s round the other side of the castle, behind the gargoyle \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Tonks. \ldblquote He\rquote s not there. Apparently he\rquote s gone away again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Has he?\rdblquote  said Harry, putting his bruised foot gingerly back on the floor. \ldblquote Hey \emdash  you don\rquote t know where he goes, I suppose?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Tonks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did you want to see him about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing in particular,\rdblquote  said Tonks, picking, apparently uncon\-sciously, at the sleeve of her robe. \ldblquote I just thought he might know what\rquote s going on. \'85 I\rquote ve heard rumors \'85 people getting hurt\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I know, it\rquote s all been in the papers,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote That lit\-tle kid trying to kill his \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The \i Prophet\rquote s\i0  often behind the times,\rdblquote  said Tonks, who didn\rquote t seem to be listening to him. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t had any letters from any\-one in the Order recently?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one from the Order writes to me anymore,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote not since Sirius \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He saw that her eyes had filled with tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  he muttered awkwardly. \ldblquote I mean \'85 I miss him, as well. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Tonks blankly, as though she had not heard him. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I\rquote ll see you around, Harry \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she turned abruptly and walked back down the corridor, leaving Harry to stare after her. After a minute or so, he pulled the Invisibility Cloak on again and resumed his efforts to get into the Room of Requirement, but his heart was not in it. Finally, a hollow feeling in his stomach and the knowledge that Ron and Hermione would soon be back for lunch made him abandon the attempt and leave the corridor to Malfoy who, hopefully, would be too afraid to leave for some hours to come.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He found Ron and Hermione in the Great Hall, already halfway through an early lunch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did it \emdash  well, kind of!\rdblquote  Ron told Harry enthusiastically when he caught sight of him. \ldblquote I was supposed to be Apparating to out\-side Madam Puddifoot\rquote s Tea Shop and I overshot it a bit, ended up near Scrivenshaft\rquote s, but at least I moved!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good one,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote How\rquote d you do, Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, she was perfect, obviously,\rdblquote  said Ron, before Hermione could answer. \ldblquote Perfect deliberation, divination, and desperation or whatever the hell it is \emdash  we all went for a quick drink in the Three Broomsticks after and you should\rquote ve heard Twycross going on\lang3081  \lang1033 about her \emdash  I\rquote ll be surprised if he doesn\rquote t pop the question soon \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what about you?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, ignoring Ron. \ldblquote Have you been up at the Room of Requirement all this time?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote And guess who I ran into up there? Tonks!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tonks?\rdblquote  repeated Ron and Hermione together, looking surprised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, she said she\rquote d come to visit Dumbledore. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you ask me,\rdblquote  said Ron once Harry had finished describing his conversation with Tonks, \ldblquote she\rquote s cracking up a bit. Losing her nerve after what happened at the Ministry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s a bit odd,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who for some reason looked very concerned. \ldblquote She\rquote s supposed to be guarding the school, why\rquote s she suddenly abandoning her post to come and see Dumbledore when he\rquote s not even here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had a thought,\rdblquote  said Harry tentatively. He felt strange about voicing it; this was much more Hermione\rquote s territory than his. \ldblquote You don\rquote t think she can have been \'85 you know \'85 in love with Sirius?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione stared at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What on earth makes you say that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry, shrugging, \ldblquote but she was nearly crying when I mentioned his name \'85 and her Patronus is a big four-legged thing now. \'85 I wondered whether it hadn\rquote t become \'85 you know \'85 him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s a thought,\rdblquote  said Hermione slowly. \ldblquote But I still don\rquote t know why she\rquote d be bursting into the castle to see Dumbledore, if that\rquote s re\-ally why she was here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Goes back to what I said, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Ron, who was now shoveling mashed potato into his mouth. \ldblquote She\rquote s gone a bit funny.\lang3081  \lang1033 Lost her nerve. Women,\rdblquote  he said wisely to Harry, \ldblquote they\rquote re easily upset.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And yet,\rdblquote  said Hermione, coming out of her reverie, \ldblquote I doubt you\rquote d find a \i woman\i0  who sulked for half an hour because Madam Rosmerta didn\rquote t laugh at their joke about the hag, the Healer, and the \i Mimbulus mimbletonia.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron scowled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 22\par
\pard\qc After the Burial\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Patches of bright blue sky were beginning to appear over the castle turrets, but these signs of approaching summer did not lift Harry\rquote s mood. He had been thwarted, both in his attempts to find out what Malfoy was doing, and in his efforts to start a conver\-sation with Slughorn that might lead, somehow, to Slughorn hand\-ing over the memory he had apparently suppressed for decades.\par
\ldblquote For the last time, just forget about Malfoy,\rdblquote  Hermione told Harry firmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were sitting with Ron in a sunny corner of the courtyard after lunch. Hermione and Ron were both clutching a Ministry of Magic leaflet \emdash  \i Common Apparition Mistakes and How to Avoid Them\i0  \emdash  for they were taking their tests that very afternoon, but by and large the leaflets had not proved soothing to the nerves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron gave a start and tried to hide behind Hermione as a girl came around the corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It isn\rquote t Lavender,\rdblquote  said Hermione wearily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, good,\rdblquote  said Ron, relaxing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter?\rdblquote  said the girl. \ldblquote I was asked to give you this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart sank as he took the small scroll of parchment. Once the girl was out of earshot he said, \ldblquote Dumbledore said we wouldn\rquote t be having any more lessons until I got the memory!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe he wants to check on how you\rquote re doing?\rdblquote  suggested Hermione, as Harry unrolled the parchment; but rather than find\-ing Dumbledore\rquote s long, narrow, slanted writing he saw an untidy sprawl, very difficult to read due to the presence of large blotches on the parchment where the ink had run.\par
\par
\i Dear Harry, Ron, and Hermione,\par
\par
Aragog died last night. Harry and Ron, you met him, and you know how special he was. Hermione, I know you\rquote d have liked him. It would mean a lot to me if you\rquote d nip down for the burial later this evening. I\rquote m planning on doing it round dusk, that was his favorite time of day. I know you\rquote re not supposed to be out that late, but you can use the cloak. Wouldn\rquote t ask, but I can\rquote t face it alone.\par
\par
Hagrid\par
\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at this,\rdblquote  said Harry, handing the note to Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Oh, for heaven\rquote s sake,\rdblquote  she said, scanning it quickly and passing it to Ron, who read it through looking increasingly incredulous.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s \i mental\i0 !\rdblquote  he said furiously. \ldblquote That thing told its mates to eat\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry and me! Told them to help themselves! And now Hagrid ex\-pects us to go down there and cry over its horrible hairy body!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not just that,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote He\rquote s asking us to leave the castle at night and he knows security\rquote s a million times tighter and how much trouble we\rquote d be in if we were caught.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve been down to see him by night before,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but for something like this?\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote We\rquote ve risked a lot to help Hagrid out, but after all \emdash  Aragog\rquote s dead. If it were a question of saving him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  I\rquote d want to go even less,\rdblquote  said Ron firmly. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t meet him, Hermione. Believe me, being dead will have improved him a lot.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took the note back and stared down at all the inky blotches all over it. Tears had clearly fallen thick and fast upon the parchment. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you \i can\rquote t\i0  be thinking of going,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote It\rquote s such a pointless thing to get detention for.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sighed. \ldblquote Yeah, I know,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I s\rquote pose Hagrid\rquote ll have to bury Aragog without us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, he will,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking relieved. \ldblquote Look, Potions will be almost empty this afternoon, with us all off doing our tests. \'85 Try and soften Slughorn up a bit then!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fifty-seventh time lucky, you think?\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lucky,\rdblquote  said Ron suddenly. \ldblquote Harry, that\rquote s it \emdash  get lucky!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Use your lucky potion!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, that\rquote s \emdash  that\rquote s it!\rdblquote  said Hermione, sounding stunned. \ldblquote Of course! Why didn\rquote t I think of it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at them both. \ldblquote Felix Felicis?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I dunno \'85 I was sort of saving it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What for?\rdblquote  demanded Ron incredulously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What on earth is more important than this memory, Harry?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer. The thought of that little golden bottle had hovered on the edges of his imagination for some time; vague and unformulated plans that involved Ginny splitting up with Dean, and Ron somehow being happy to see her with a new boyfriend, had been fermenting in the depths of his brain, unac\-knowledged except during dreams or the twilight time between sleeping and waking. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry? Are you still with us?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wha \emdash  ? Yeah, of course,\rdblquote  he said, pulling himself together. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 okay. If I can\rquote t get Slughorn to talk this afternoon, I\rquote ll take some Felix and have another go this evening.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s decided, then,\rdblquote  said Hermione briskly, getting to her feet and performing a graceful pirouette. \ldblquote Destination \'85 determina\-tion \'85 deliberation \'85\rdblquote  she murmured.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, stop that,\rdblquote  Ron begged her, \ldblquote I feel sick enough as it is \emdash  quick, hide me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It isn\rquote t Lavender!\rdblquote  said Hermione impatiently, as another cou\-ple of girls appeared in the courtyard and Ron dived behind her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cool,\rdblquote  said Ron, peering over Hermione\rquote s shoulder to check. \ldblquote Blimey, they don\rquote t look happy, do they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re the Montgomery sisters and of course they don\rquote t look happy, didn\rquote t you hear what happened to their little brother?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m losing track of what\rquote s happening to everyone\rquote s relatives, to be honest,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, their brother was attacked by a werewolf. The rumor is that their mother refused to help the Death Eaters. Anyway, the boy was only five and he died in St. Mungo\rquote s, they couldn\rquote t save him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He died?\rdblquote  repeated Harry, shocked. \ldblquote But surely werewolves don\rquote t kill, they just turn you into one of them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They sometimes kill,\rdblquote  said Ron, who looked unusually grave now. \ldblquote I\rquote ve heard of it happening when the werewolf gets carried away.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was the werewolf\rquote s name?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, the rumor is that it was that Fenrir Greyback,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew it \emdash  the maniac who likes attacking kids, the one Lupin told me about!\rdblquote  said Harry angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked at him bleakly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you\rquote ve got to get that memory,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote It\rquote s all about stopping Voldemort, isn\rquote t it? These dreadful things that are hap\-pening are all down to him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The bell rang overhead in the castle and both Hermione and Ron jumped to their feet, looking terrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll do fine,\rdblquote  Harry told them both, as they headed toward the entrance hall to meet the rest of the people taking their Ap\-parition Test. \ldblquote Good luck.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you too!\rdblquote  said Hermione with a significant look, as Harry headed off to the dungeons.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were only three of them in Potions that afternoon: Harry, Ernie, and Draco Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All too young to Apparate just yet?\rdblquote  said Slughorn genially. \ldblquote Not turned seventeen yet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They shook their heads.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah well,\rdblquote  said Slughorn cheerily, \ldblquote as we\rquote re so few, we\rquote ll do some\-thing \i fun.\i0  I want you all to brew me up something amusing!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That sounds good, sir,\rdblquote  said Ernie sycophantically, rubbing his hands together. Malfoy, on the other hand, did not crack a smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean, \lquote something amusing\rquote ?\rdblquote  he said irritably.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, surprise me,\rdblquote  said Slughorn airily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy opened his copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  with a sulky expression. It could not have been plainer that he thought this les\-son was a waste of time. Undoubtedly, Harry thought, watching him over the top of his own book, Malfoy was begrudging the time he could otherwise be spending in the Room of Requirement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Was it his imagination, or did Malfoy, like Tonks, look thinner? Certainly he looked paler; his skin still had that grayish tinge, probably because he so rarely saw daylight these days. But there was no air of smugness, excitement, or superiority; none of the swagger that he had had on the Hogwarts Express, when he had boasted openly of the mission he had been given by Voldemort. \'85 There could be only one conclusion, in Harry\rquote s opinion: The mission, whatever it was, was going badly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cheered by this thought, Harry skimmed through his copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  and found a heavily corrected Half-Blood Prince\rquote s version of \ldblquote An Elixir to Induce Euphoria,\rdblquote  which seemed not only to meet Slughorn\rquote s instructions, but which might (Harry\rquote s heart leapt as the thought struck him) put Slughorn into such a good mood that he would be prepared to hand over that memory if Harry could persuade him to taste some. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, now, this looks absolutely wonderful,\rdblquote  said Slughorn an hour and a half later, clapping his hands together as he stared down into the sunshine yellow contents of Harry\rquote s cauldron. \ldblquote\i Euphoria,\i0  I take it? And what\rquote s that I smell? Mmmm \'85 you\rquote ve added just a sprig of peppermint, haven\rquote t you? Unorthodox, but what a stroke of inspi\-ration, Harry, of course, that would tend to counterbalance the occa\-sional side effects of excessive singing and nose-tweaking. \'85 I really don\rquote t know where you get these brain waves, my boy \'85 unless \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pushed the Half-Blood Prince\rquote s book deeper into his bag with his foot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  it\rquote s just your mother\rquote s genes coming out in you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 yeah, maybe,\rdblquote  said Harry, relieved.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ernie was looking rather grumpy; determined to outshine Harry for once, he had most rashly invented his own potion, which had curdled and formed a kind of purple dumpling at the bottom of his cauldron. Malfoy was already packing up, sour-faced; Slughorn had pronounced his Hiccuping Solution merely \ldblquote passable.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The bell rang and both Ernie and Malfoy left at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir,\rdblquote  Harry began, but Slughorn immediately glanced over his shoulder; when he saw that the room was empty but for himself and Harry, he hurried away as fast as he could.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor \emdash  Professor, don\rquote t you want to taste my po \emdash  ?\rdblquote  called Harry desperately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Slughorn had gone. Disappointed, Harry emptied the caul\-dron, packed up his things, left the dungeon, and walked slowly back upstairs to the common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione returned in the late afternoon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  cried Hermione as she climbed through the portrait hole. \ldblquote Harry, I passed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well done!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote And Ron?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He \emdash  he \i just\i0  failed,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione, as Ron came slouching into the room looking most morose. \ldblquote It was really un\-lucky, a tiny thing, the examiner just spotted that he\rquote d left half an eyebrow behind. \'85 How did it go with Slughorn?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No joy,\rdblquote  said Harry, as Ron joined them. \ldblquote Bad luck, mate, but you\rquote ll pass next time \emdash  we can take it together.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I s\rquote pose,\rdblquote  said Ron grumpily. \ldblquote But \i half an eyebrow\i0 ! Like that matters!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Hermione soothingly, \ldblquote it does seem really harsh. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They spent most of their dinner roundly abusing the Apparition examiner, and Ron looked fractionally more cheerful by the time they set off back to the common room, now discussing the contin\-uing problem of Slughorn and the memory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, Harry \emdash  you going to use the Felix Felicis or what?\rdblquote  Ron demanded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I s\rquote pose I\rquote d better,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I don\rquote t reckon I\rquote ll need all of it, not twelve hours\rquote  worth, it can\rquote t take all night. \'85 I\rquote ll just take a mouthful. Two or three hours should do it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s a great feeling when you take it,\rdblquote  said Ron reminiscently. \ldblquote Like you can\rquote t do anything wrong.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you talking about?\rdblquote  said Hermione, laughing. \ldblquote You\rquote ve never taken any!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but I \i thought\i0  I had, didn\rquote t I?\rdblquote  said Ron, as though ex\-plaining the obvious. \ldblquote Same difference really \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As they had only just seen Slughorn enter the Great Hall and knew that he liked to take time over meals, they lingered for a while in the common room, the plan being that Harry should go to\lang3081  \lang1033 Slughorn\rquote s office once the teacher had had time to get back there. When the sun had sunk to the level of the treetops in the Forbid\-den Forest, they decided the moment had come, and after check\-ing carefully that Neville, Dean, and Seamus were all in the common room, sneaked up to the boys\rquote  dormitory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took out the rolled-up socks at the bottom of his trunk and extracted the tiny, gleaming bottle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, here goes,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he raised the little bottle and took a carefully measured gulp.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What does it feel like?\rdblquote  whispered Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer for a moment. Then, slowly but surely, an exhilarating sense of infinite opportunity stole through him; he felt as though he could have done anything, anything at all\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and getting the memory from Slughorn seemed suddenly not only pos\-sible, but positively easy. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He got to his feet, smiling, brimming with confidence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Really excellent. Right\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I\rquote m going down to Hagrid\rquote s.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron and Hermione together, looking aghast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Harry \emdash  you\rquote ve got to go and see Slughorn, remember?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry confidently. \ldblquote I\rquote m going to Hagrid\rquote s, I\rquote ve got a good feeling about going to Hagrid\rquote s.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve got a good feeling about burying a giant spider?\rdblquote  asked Ron, looking stunned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, pulling his Invisibility Cloak out of his bag. \ldblquote I feel like it\rquote s the place to be tonight, you know what I mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron and Hermione together, both looking positively alarmed now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This \i is\i0  Felix Felicis, I suppose?\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously, hold\-ing up the bottle to the light. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t got another little bottle full of\emdash  I don\rquote t know \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Essence of Insanity?\rdblquote  suggested Ron, as Harry swung his cloak over his shoulders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry laughed, and Ron and Hermione looked even more alarmed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Trust me,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I know what I\rquote m doing \'85 or at least\rdblquote  \emdash  he strolled confidently to the door \emdash  \ldblquote Felix does.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled the Invisibility Cloak over his head and set off down the stairs, Ron and Hermione hurrying along behind him. At the foot of the stairs, Harry slid through the open door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What were you doing up there with \i her\i0 ?\rdblquote  shrieked Lavender Brown, staring right through Harry at Ron and Hermione emerg\-ing together from the boys\rquote  dormitories. Harry heard Ron splutter\-ing behind him as he darted across the room away from them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Getting through the portrait hole was simple; as he approached it, Ginny and Dean came through it, and Harry was able to slip be\-tween them. As he did so, he brushed accidentally against Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Don\rquote t\i0  push me, please, Dean,\rdblquote  she said, sounding annoyed. \ldblquote You\rquote re always doing that, I can get through perfectly well on my own. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The portrait swung closed behind Harry, but not before he had heard Dean make an angry retort. \'85 His feeling of elation in\-creasing, Harry strode off through the castle. He did not have to creep along, for he met nobody on his way, but this did not surprise him in the slightest: This evening, he was the luckiest person at Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Why he knew that going to Hagrid\rquote s was the right thing to do,\lang3081  \lang1033 he had no idea. It was as though the potion was illuminating a few steps of the path at a time: He could not see the final destination, he could not see where Slughorn came in, but he knew that he was going the right way to get that memory. When he reached the en\-trance hall he saw that Filch had forgotten to lock the front door. Beaming, Harry threw it open and breathed in the smell of clean air and grass for a moment before walking down the steps into the dusk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was when he reached the bottom step that it occurred to him how very pleasant it would be to pass the vegetable patch on his walk to Hagrid\rquote s. It was not strictly on the way, but it seemed clear to Harry that this was a whim on which he should act, so he di\-rected his feet immediately toward the vegetable patch, where he was pleased, but not altogether surprised, to find Professor Slughorn in conversation with Professor Sprout. Harry lurked be\-hind a low stone wall, feeling at peace with the world and listening to their conversation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do thank you for taking the time, Pomona,\rdblquote  Slughorn was saying courteously, \ldblquote most authorities agree that they are at their most efficacious if picked at twilight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I quite agree,\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout warmly. \ldblquote That enough for you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Plenty, plenty,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, who, Harry saw, was carrying an armful of leafy plants. \ldblquote This should allow for a few leaves for each of my third years, and some to spare if anybody over-stews them. \'85 Well, good evening to you, and many thanks again!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Sprout headed off into the gathering darkness in the direction of her greenhouses, and Slughorn directed his steps to the spot where Harry stood, invisible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seized with an immediate desire to reveal himself, Harry pulled off the cloak with a flourish.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good evening, Professor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Merlin\rquote s beard, Harry, you made me jump,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, stopping dead in his tracks and looking wary. \ldblquote How did you get out of the castle?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think Filch must\rquote ve forgotten to lock the doors,\rdblquote  said Harry cheerfully, and was delighted to see Slughorn scowl.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll be reporting that man, he\rquote s more concerned about litter than proper security if you ask me. \'85 But why are you out here, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, sir, it\rquote s Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Harry, who knew that the right thing to do just now was to tell the truth. \ldblquote He\rquote s pretty upset. \'85 But you won\rquote t tell anyone, Professor? I don\rquote t want trouble for him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn\rquote s curiosity was evidently aroused. \ldblquote Well, I can\rquote t promise that,\rdblquote  he said gruffly. \ldblquote But I know that Dumbledore trusts Hagrid to the hilt, so I\rquote m sure he can\rquote t be up to anything very dreadful. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s this giant spider, he\rquote s had it for years. \'85 It lived in the forest. \'85 It could talk and everything \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I heard rumors there were acromantulas in the forest,\rdblquote  said Slughorn softly, looking over at the mass of black trees. \ldblquote It\rquote s true, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But this one, Aragog, the first one Hagrid ever got, it died last night. He\rquote s devastated. He wants company while he buries it and I said I\rquote d go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Touching, touching,\rdblquote  said Slughorn absentmindedly, his large droopy eyes fixed upon the distant lights of Hagrid\rquote s cabin. \ldblquote But\lang3081  \lang1033 acromantula venom is very valuable \'85 If the beast only just died it might not yet have dried out. \'85 Of course, I wouldn\rquote t want to do anything insensitive if Hagrid is upset\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but if there was any way to procure some \'85 I mean, it\rquote s almost impossible to get venom from an acromantula while it\rquote s alive. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn seemed to be talking more to himself than Harry now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 seems an awful waste not to collect it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 might get a hun\-dred Galleons a pint. \'85 To be frank, my salary is not large. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now Harry saw clearly what was to be done.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  he said, with a most convincing hesitancy, \ldblquote well, if you wanted to come, Professor, Hagrid would probably be really pleased. \'85 Give Aragog a better send-off, you know \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, of course,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, his eyes now gleaming with en\-thusiasm. \ldblquote I tell you what, Harry, I\rquote ll meet you down there with a bottle or two. \'85 We\rquote ll drink the poor beast\rquote s \emdash  well \emdash  not health \emdash  but we\rquote ll send it off in style, anyway, once it\rquote s buried. And I\rquote ll change my tie, this one is a little exuberant for the occa\-sion. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He bustled back into the castle, and Harry sped off to Hagrid\rquote s, delighted with himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh came,\rdblquote  croaked Hagrid, when he opened the door and saw Harry emerging from the Invisibility Cloak in front of him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \emdash  Ron and Hermione couldn\rquote t, though,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote They\rquote re really sorry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote  \emdash  don\rquote  matter \'85 He\rquote d\rquote ve bin touched yeh\rquote re here, though, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid gave a great sob. He had made himself a black armband out of what looked like a rag dipped in boot polish, and his eyes\lang3081  \lang1033 were puffy, red, and swollen. Harry patted him consolingly on the elbow, which was the highest point of Hagrid he could easily reach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are we burying him?\rdblquote  he asked. \ldblquote The forest?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, no,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, wiping his streaming eyes on the bot\-tom of his shirt. \ldblquote The other spiders won\rquote  let me anywhere near their webs now Aragog\rquote s gone. Turns out it was on\rquote y on his orders they didn\rquote  eat me! Can yeh believe that, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The honest answer was \ldblquote yes\rdblquote ; Harry recalled with painful ease the scene when he and Ron had come face-to-face with the acro\-mantulas: They had been quite clear that Aragog was the only thing that stopped them from eating Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never bin an area o\rquote  the forest I couldn\rquote  go before!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, shaking his head. \ldblquote It wasn\rquote  easy, gettin\rquote  Aragog\rquote s body out o\rquote  there, I can tell yeh \emdash  they usually eat their dead, see. \'85 But I wanted ter give \rquote im a nice burial\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 a proper send-off\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He broke into sobs again and Harry resumed the patting of his elbow, saying as he did so (for the potion seemed to indicate that it was the right thing to do), \ldblquote Professor Slughorn met me coming down here, Hagrid.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not in trouble, are yeh?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking up, alarmed. \ldblquote Yeh shouldn\rquote  be outta the castle in the evenin\rquote , I know it, it\rquote s my fault \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, when he heard what I was doing he said he\rquote d like to come and pay his last respects to Aragog too,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He\rquote s gone to change into something more suitable, I think \'85 and he said he\rquote d bring some bottles so we can drink to Aragog\rquote s mem\-ory. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did he?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking both astonished and touched. \ldblquote Tha\rquote s \emdash  tha\rquote s righ\rquote  nice of him, that is, an\rquote  not turnin\rquote  yeh in ei\-ther. I\rquote ve never really had a lot ter do with Horace Slughorn before. \'85 Comin\rquote  ter see old Aragog off, though, eh? Well \'85 he\rquote d\rquote ve liked that, Aragog would. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought privately that what Aragog would have liked most about Slughorn was the ample amount of edible flesh he pro\-vided, but he merely moved to the rear window of Hagrid\rquote s hut, where he saw the rather horrible sight of the enormous dead spider lying on its back outside, its legs curled and tangled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are we going to bury him here, Hagrid, in your garden?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Jus\rquote  beyond the pumpkin patch, I thought,\rdblquote  said Hagrid in a choked voice. \ldblquote I\rquote ve already dug the \emdash  yeh know \emdash  grave. Jus\rquote  thought we\rquote d say a few nice things over him \emdash  happy memories, yeh know \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice quivered and broke. There was a knock on the door, and he turned to answer it, blowing his nose on his great spotted handkerchief as he did so. Slughorn hurried over the threshold, several bottles in his arms, and wearing a somber black cravat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid,\rdblquote  he said, in a deep, grave voice. \ldblquote So very sorry to hear of your loss.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tha\rquote s very nice of yeh,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Thanks a lot. An\rquote  thanks fer not givin\rquote  Harry detention neither. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wouldn\rquote t have dreamed of it,\rdblquote  said Slughorn. \ldblquote Sad night, sad night\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Where is the poor creature?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Out here,\rdblquote  said Hagrid in a shaking voice. \ldblquote Shall we \emdash  shall we do it, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The three of them stepped out into the back garden. The moon was glistening palely through the trees now, and its rays mingled\lang3081  \lang1033 with the light spilling from Hagrid\rquote s window to illuminate Aragog\rquote s body lying on the edge of a massive pit beside a ten-foot-high mound of freshly dug earth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Magnificent,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, approaching the spider\rquote s head, where eight milky eyes stared blankly at the sky and two huge, curved pincers shone, motionless, in the moonlight. Harry thought he heard the tinkle of bottles as Slughorn bent over the pincers, ap\-parently examining the enormous hairy head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not ev\rquote ryone appreciates how beau\rquote iful they are,\rdblquote  said Ha\-grid to Slughorn\rquote s back, tears leaking from the corners of his crinkled eyes. \ldblquote I didn\rquote  know yeh were int\rquote rested in creatures like Aragog, Horace.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Interested? My dear Hagrid, I revere them,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, stepping back from the body. Harry saw the glint of a bottle disap\-pear beneath his cloak, though Hagrid, mopping his eyes once more, noticed nothing. \ldblquote Now \'85 shall we proceed to the burial?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid nodded and moved forward. He heaved the gigantic spi\-der into his arms and, with an enormous grunt, rolled it into the dark pit. It hit the bottom with a rather horrible, crunchy thud. Hagrid started to cry again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, it\rquote s difficult for you, who knew him best,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, who like Harry could reach no higher than Hagrid\rquote s el\-bow, but patted it all the same. \ldblquote Why don\rquote t I say a few words?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He must have got a lot of good quality venom from Aragog, Harry thought, for Slughorn wore a satisfied smirk as he stepped up to the rim of the pit and said, in a slow, impressive voice, \ldblquote Farewell, Aragog, king of arachnids, whose long and faithful friendship those who knew you won\rquote t forget! Though your body will decay, your\lang3081  \lang1033 spirit lingers on in the quiet, web-spun places of your forest home. May your many-eyed descendants ever flourish and your human friends find solace for the loss they have sustained.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tha\rquote  was\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 tha\rquote  was \'85 beau\rquote iful!\rdblquote  howled Hagrid, and he collapsed onto the compost heap, crying harder than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There, there,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, waving his wand so that the huge pile of earth rose up and then fell, with a muffled sort of crash, onto the dead spider, forming a smooth mound. \ldblquote Let\rquote s get inside and have a drink. Get on his other side, Harry. \'85 That\rquote s it. \'85 Up you come, Hagrid \'85 Well done \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They deposited Hagrid in a chair at the table. Fang, who had been skulking in his basket during the burial, now came padding softly across to them and put his heavy head into Harry\rquote s lap as usual. Slughorn uncorked one of the bottles of wine he had brought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have had it \i all\i0  tested for poison,\rdblquote  he assured Harry, pouring most of the first bottle into one of Hagrid\rquote s bucket-sized mugs and handing it to Hagrid. \ldblquote Had a house-elf taste every bottle after what happened to your poor friend Rupert.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw, in his mind\rquote s eye, the expression on Hermione\rquote s face if she ever heard about this abuse of house-elves, and decided never to mention it to her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One for Harry \'85\rdblquote  said Slughorn, dividing a second bottle be\-tween two mugs, \ldblquote\'85 and one for me. Well\rdblquote  \emdash  he raised his mug high \emdash  \ldblquote to Aragog.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aragog,\rdblquote  said Harry and Hagrid together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Both Slughorn and Hagrid drank deeply. Harry, however, with the way ahead illuminated for him by Felix Felicis, knew that he\lang3081  \lang1033 must not drink, so he merely pretended to take a gulp and then set the mug back on the table before him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had him from an egg, yeh know,\rdblquote  said Hagrid morosely. \ldblquote Tiny little thing he was when he hatched. \rquote Bout the size of a Pekingese.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sweet,\rdblquote  said Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Used ter keep him in a cupboard up at the school until\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s face darkened and Harry knew why: Tom Riddle had contrived to have Hagrid thrown out of school, blamed for open\-ing the Chamber of Secrets. Slughorn, however, did not seem to be listening; he was looking up at the ceiling, from which a number of brass pots hung, and also a long, silky skein of bright white hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s never unicorn hair, Hagrid?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, yeah,\rdblquote  said Hagrid indifferently. \ldblquote Gets pulled out of their tails, they catch it on branches an\rquote  stuff in the forest, yeh know \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But my dear chap, do you know how much that\rquote s \i worth\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I use it fer bindin\rquote  on bandages an\rquote  stuff if a creature gets in\-jured,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, shrugging. \ldblquote It\rquote s dead useful\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 very strong, see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn took another deep draught from his mug, his eyes moving carefully around the cabin now, looking, Harry knew, for more treasures that he might be able to convert into a plentiful sup\-ply of oak-matured mead, crystalized pineapple, and velvet smok\-ing jackets. He refilled Hagrid\rquote s mug and his own, and questioned him about the creatures that lived in the forest these days and how Hagrid was able to look after them all. Hagrid, becoming expan\-sive under the influence of the drink and Slughorn\rquote s flattering in\-terest, stopped mopping his eyes and entered happily into a long explanation of bowtruckle husbandry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Felix Felicis gave Harry a little nudge at this point, and he noticed that the supply of drink that Slughorn had brought was running out fast. Harry had not yet managed to bring off the Re\-filling Charm without saying the incantation aloud, but the idea that he might not be able to do it tonight was laughable: Indeed, Harry grinned to himself as, unnoticed by either Hagrid or Slug\-horn (now swapping tales of the illegal trade in dragon eggs) he pointed his wand under the table at the emptying bottles and they immediately began to refill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After an hour or so, Hagrid and Slughorn began making extrav\-agant toasts: to Hogwarts, to Dumbledore, to elf-made wine, and to \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter!\rdblquote  bellowed Hagrid, slopping some of his four\-teenth bucket of wine down his chin as he drained it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, indeed,\rdblquote  cried Slughorn a little thickly, \ldblquote Parry Otter, the Chosen Boy Who \emdash  well \emdash  something of that sort,\rdblquote  he mum\-bled, and drained his mug too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Not long after this, Hagrid became tearful again and pressed the whole unicorn tail upon Slughorn, who pocketed it with cries of, \ldblquote To friendship! To generosity! To ten Galleons a hair!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And for a while after that, Hagrid and Slughorn were sitting side by side, arms around each other, singing a slow sad song about a dying wizard called Odo.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aaargh, the good die young,\rdblquote  muttered Hagrid, slumping low onto the table, a little cross-eyed, while Slughorn continued to war\-ble the refrain. \ldblquote Me dad was no age ter go \'85 nor were yer mum an\rquote  dad, Harry\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Great fat tears oozed out of the corners of Hagrid\rquote s crinkled eyes again; he grasped Harry\rquote s arm and shook it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bes\rquote  wiz and witchard o\rquote  their age I never knew \'85 terrible thing \'85 terrible thing \'85\rdblquote\par
\par
\pard\qc\i And Odo the hero, they bore him back home\par
To the place that he\rquote d known as a lad,\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj sang Slughorn plaintively.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\pard\qc\i They laid him to rest with his hat inside out\par
And his wand snapped in two, which was sad.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
\ldblquote\'85 terrible,\rdblquote  Hagrid grunted, and his great shaggy head rolled sideways onto his arms and he fell asleep, snoring deeply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  said Slughorn with a hiccup. \ldblquote Can\rquote t carry a tune to save my life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid wasn\rquote t talking about your singing,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly. \ldblquote He was talking about my mum and dad dying.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, repressing a large belch. \ldblquote Oh dear. Yes, that was \emdash  was terrible indeed. Terrible \'85 terrible \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked quite at a loss for what to say, and resorted to refilling their mugs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t \emdash  don\rquote t suppose you remember it, Harry?\rdblquote  he asked awkwardly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  well, I was only one when they died,\rdblquote  said Harry, his eyes on the flame of the candle flickering in Hagrid\rquote s heavy snores. \ldblquote But I\rquote ve found out pretty much what happened since. My dad died first. Did you know that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Slughorn in a hushed voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 Voldemort murdered him and then stepped over his body toward my mum,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn gave a great shudder, but he did not seem able to tear his horrified gaze away from Harry\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He told her to get out of the way,\rdblquote  said Harry remorselessly. \ldblquote He told me she needn\rquote t have died. He only wanted me. She could have run.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh dear,\rdblquote  breathed Slughorn. \ldblquote She could have \'85 she needn\rquote t \'85 That\rquote s awful. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Harry, in a voice barely more than a whisper. \ldblquote But she didn\rquote t move. Dad was already dead, but she didn\rquote t want me to go too. She tried to plead with Voldemort\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but he just laughed. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s enough!\rdblquote  said Slughorn suddenly, raising a shaking hand. \ldblquote Really, my dear boy, enough \'85 I\rquote m an old man \'85 I don\rquote t need to hear \'85 I don\rquote t want to hear \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I forgot,\rdblquote  lied Harry, Felix Felicis leading him on. \ldblquote You liked her, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Liked her?\rdblquote  said Slughorn, his eyes brimming with tears once more. \ldblquote I don\rquote t imagine anyone who met her wouldn\rquote t have liked her. \'85 Very brave \'85 Very funny \'85 It was the most horrible thing. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you won\rquote t help her son,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote She gave me her life, but you won\rquote t give me a memory.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s rumbling snores filled the cabin. Harry looked steadily into Slughorn\rquote s tear-filled eyes. The Potions master seemed unable to look away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t say that,\rdblquote  he whispered. \ldblquote It isn\rquote t a question \'85 If it were to help you, of course \'85 but no purpose can be served \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It can,\rdblquote  said Harry clearly. \ldblquote Dumbledore needs information. I need information.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He knew he was safe: Felix was telling him that Slughorn would remember nothing of this in the morning. Looking Slughorn straight in the eye, Harry leaned forward a little.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am the Chosen One. I have to kill him. I need that memory.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn turned paler than ever; his shiny forehead gleamed with sweat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \i are\i0  the Chosen One?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I am,\rdblquote  said Harry calmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then \'85 my dear boy \'85 you\rquote re asking a great deal \'85 you\rquote re asking me, in fact, to aid you in your attempt to destroy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t want to get rid of the wizard who killed Lily Evans?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, Harry, of course I do, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re scared he\rquote ll find out you helped me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn said nothing; he looked terrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Be brave like my mother, Professor. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn raised a pudgy hand and pressed his shaking fingers to his mouth; he looked for a moment like an enormously overgrown baby.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am not proud \'85\rdblquote  he whispered through his fingers. \ldblquote I am ashamed of what \emdash  of what that memory shows. \'85 I think I may have done great damage that day. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d cancel out anything you did by giving me the memory,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote It would be a very brave and noble thing to do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid twitched in his sleep and snored on. Slughorn and Harry stared at each other over the guttering candle. There was a long, long silence, but Felix Felicis told Harry not to break it, to wait.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then, very slowly, Slughorn put his hand in his pocket and pulled out his wand. He put his other hand inside his cloak and took out a small, empty bottle. Still looking into Harry\rquote s eyes,\lang3081  \lang1033 Slughorn touched the tip of his wand to his temple and withdrew it, so that a long, silver thread of memory came away too, clinging to the wand tip. Longer and longer the memory stretched until it broke and swung, silvery bright, from the wand. Slughorn lowered it into the bottle where it coiled, then spread, swirling like gas. He corked the bottle with a trembling hand and then passed it across the table to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you very much, Professor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re a good boy,\rdblquote  said Professor Slughorn, tears trickling down his fat cheeks into his walrus mustache. \ldblquote And you\rquote ve got her eyes. \'85 Just don\rquote t think too badly of me once you\rquote ve seen it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he too put his head on his arms, gave a deep sigh, and fell asleep.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 23\par
\pard\qc Horcruxes\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry could feel the Felix Felicis wearing off as he crept back into the castle. The front door had remained un\-locked for him, but on the third floor he met Peeves and only nar\-rowly avoided detection by diving sideways through one of his shortcuts. By the time he got up to the portrait of the Fat Lady and pulled off his Invisibility Cloak, he was not surprised to find her in a most unhelpful mood.\par
\ldblquote What sort of time do you call this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m really sorry \emdash  I had to go out for something important \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, the password changed at midnight, so you\rquote ll just have to sleep in the corridor, won\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re joking!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Why did it have to change at midnight?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s the way it is,\rdblquote  said the Fat Lady. \ldblquote If you\rquote re angry, go and take it up with the headmaster, he\rquote s the one who\rquote s tightened security.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fantastic,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly, looking around at the hard floor. \ldblquote Really brilliant. Yeah, I would go and take it up with Dumbledore if he was here, because he\rquote s the one who wanted me to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He is here,\rdblquote  said a voice behind Harry. \ldblquote Professor Dumbledore returned to the school an hour ago.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nearly Headless Nick was gliding toward Harry, his head wob\-bling as usual upon his ruff.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had it from the Bloody Baron, who saw him arrive,\rdblquote  said Nick. \ldblquote He appeared, according to the Baron, to be in good spirits, though a little tired, of course.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where is he?\rdblquote  said Harry, his heart leaping.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, groaning and clanking up on the Astronomy Tower, it\rquote s a favorite pastime of his \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not the Bloody Baron \emdash  Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  in his office,\rdblquote  said Nick. \ldblquote I believe, from what the Baron said, that he had business to attend to before turning in \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, he has,\rdblquote  said Harry, excitement blazing in his chest at the prospect of telling Dumbledore he had secured the memory. He wheeled about and sprinted off again, ignoring the Fat Lady who was calling after him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come back! All right, I lied! I was annoyed you woke me up! The password\rquote s still \lquote tapeworm\rquote !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry was already hurtling back along the corridor and within minutes, he was saying \ldblquote toffee \'e9clairs\rdblquote  to Dumbledore\rquote s gar\-goyle, which leapt aside, permitting Harry entrance onto the spiral staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Enter,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore when Harry knocked. He sounded exhausted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pushed open the door. There was Dumbledore\rquote s office,\lang3081  \lang1033 looking the same as ever, but with black, star-strewn skies beyond the windows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good gracious, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore in surprise. \ldblquote To what do I owe this very late pleasure?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir \emdash  I\rquote ve got it. I\rquote ve got the memory from Slughorn.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled out the tiny glass bottle and showed it to Dumble\-dore. For a moment or two, the headmaster looked stunned. Then his face split in a wide smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, this is spectacular news! Very well done indeed! I knew you could do it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All thought of the lateness of the hour apparently forgotten, he hurried around his desk, took the bottle with Slughorn\rquote s memory in his uninjured hand, and strode over to the cabinet where he kept the Pensieve.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, placing the stone basin upon his desk and emptying the contents of the bottle into it. \ldblquote Now, at last, we shall see. Harry, quickly \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry bowed obediently over the Pensieve and felt his feet leave the office floor. \'85 Once again he fell through darkness and landed in Horace Slughorn\rquote s office many years before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was the much younger Slughorn, with his thick, shiny, straw-colored hair and his gingery-blond mustache, sitting again in the comfortable winged armchair in his office, his feet resting upon a velvet pouffe, a small glass of wine in one hand, the other rum\-maging in a box of crystalized pineapple. And there were the half-dozen teenage boys sitting around Slughorn with Tom Riddle in the midst of them, Marvolo\rquote s gold-and-black ring gleaming on his finger.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore landed beside Harry just as Riddle asked, \ldblquote Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tom, Tom, if I knew I couldn\rquote t tell you,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, wag\-ging his finger reprovingly at Riddle, though winking at the same time. \ldblquote I must say, I\rquote d like to know where you get your information, boy, more knowledgeable than half the staff, you are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Riddle smiled; the other boys laughed and cast him admiring looks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What with your uncanny ability to know things you shouldn\rquote t, and your careful flattery of the people who matter \emdash  thank you for the pineapple, by the way, you\rquote re quite right, it is my favorite \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Several of the boys tittered again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  I confidently expect you to rise to Minister of Magic within twenty years. Fifteen, if you keep sending me pineapple, I have \i ex\-cellent\i0  contacts at the Ministry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tom Riddle merely smiled as the others laughed again. Harry noticed that he was by no means the eldest of the group of boys, but that they all seemed to look to him as their leader.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know that politics would suit me, sir,\rdblquote  he said when the laughter had died away. \ldblquote I don\rquote t have the right kind of background, for one thing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A couple of the boys around him smirked at each other. Harry was sure they were enjoying a private joke, undoubtedly about what they knew, or suspected, regarding their gang leader\rquote s famous ancestor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nonsense,\rdblquote  said Slughorn briskly, \ldblquote couldn\rquote t be plainer you come from decent Wizarding stock, abilities like yours. No, you\rquote ll go far, Tom, I\rquote ve never been wrong about a student yet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The small golden clock standing upon Slughorn\rquote s desk chimed eleven o\rquote clock behind him and he looked around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good gracious, is it that time already? You\rquote d better get going, boys, or we\rquote ll all be in trouble. Lestrange, I want your essay by to\-morrow or it\rquote s detention. Same goes for you, Avery.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One by one, the boys filed out of the room. Slughorn heaved himself out of his armchair and carried his empty glass over to his desk. A movement behind him made him look around; Riddle was still standing there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look sharp, Tom, you don\rquote t want to be caught out of bed out of hours, and you a prefect\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir, I wanted to ask you something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ask away, then, m\rquote boy, ask away. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir, I wondered what you know about\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 about Horcruxes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn stared at him, his thick fingers absentmindedly caress\-ing the stem of his wine glass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Project for Defense Against the Dark Arts, is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry could tell that Slughorn knew perfectly well that this was not schoolwork.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not exactly, sir,\rdblquote  said Riddle. \ldblquote I came across the term while reading and I didn\rquote t fully understand it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 you\rquote d be hard-pushed to find a book at Hog\-warts that\rquote ll give you details on Horcruxes, Tom, that\rquote s very Dark stuff, very Dark indeed,\rdblquote  said Slughorn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you obviously know all about them, sir? I mean, a wizard like you \emdash  sorry, I mean, if you can\rquote t tell me, obviously \emdash  I just knew if anyone could tell me, you could \emdash  so I just thought I\rquote d ask \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was very well done, thought Harry, the hesitancy, the casual\lang3081  \lang1033 tone, the careful flattery, none of it overdone. He, Harry, had had too much experience of trying to wheedle information out of re\-luctant people not to recognize a master at work. He could tell that Riddle wanted the information very, very much; perhaps had been working toward this moment for weeks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, not looking at Riddle, but fiddling with the ribbon on top of his box of crystalized pineapple, \ldblquote well, it can\rquote t hurt to give you an overview, of course. Just so that you understand the term. A Horcrux is the word used for an object in which a per\-son has concealed part of their soul.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t quite understand how that works, though, sir,\rdblquote  said Riddle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice was carefully controlled, but Harry could sense his excitement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you split your soul, you see,\rdblquote  said Slughorn, \ldblquote and hide part of it in an object outside the body. Then, even if one\rquote s body is attacked or destroyed, one cannot die, for part of the soul remains earthbound and undamaged. But of course, existence in such a form \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn\rquote s face crumpled and Harry found himself remember\-ing words he had heard nearly two years before: \ldblquote\i I was ripped from my body, I was less than spirit, less than the meanest ghost\lang3081  \lang1033\i0\'85\i  but still, I was alive.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 few would want it, Tom, very few. Death would be pre\-ferable.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Riddle\rquote s hunger was now apparent; his expression was greedy, he could no longer hide his longing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you split your soul?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Slughorn uncomfortably, \ldblquote you must understand\lang3081  \lang1033 that the soul is supposed to remain intact and whole. Splitting it is an act of violation, it is against nature.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how do you do it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote By an act of evil \emdash  the supreme act of evil. By committing murder. Killing rips the soul apart. The wizard intent upon creat\-ing a Horcrux would use the damage to his advantage: He would encase the torn portion \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Encase? But how \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is a spell, do not ask me, I don\rquote t know!\rdblquote  said Slughorn, shaking his head like an old elephant bothered by mosquitoes. \ldblquote Do I look as though I have tried it \emdash  do I look like a killer?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, sir, of course not,\rdblquote  said Riddle quickly. \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I didn\rquote t mean to offend \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not at all, not at all, not offended,\rdblquote  said Slughorn gruffly. \ldblquote It\rquote s natural to feel some curiosity about these things. \'85 Wizards of a certain caliber have always been drawn to that aspect of magic. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir,\rdblquote  said Riddle. \ldblquote What I don\rquote t understand, though \emdash  just out of curiosity \emdash  I mean, would one Horcrux be much use? Can you only split your soul once? Wouldn\rquote t it be better, make you stronger, to have your soul in more pieces, I mean, for instance, isn\rquote t seven the most powerfully magical number, wouldn\rquote t seven \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Merlin\rquote s beard, Tom!\rdblquote  yelped Slughorn. \ldblquote Seven! Isn\rquote t it bad enough to think of killing one person? And in any case \'85 bad enough to divide the soul\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but to rip it into seven pieces\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slughorn looked deeply troubled now: He was gazing at Riddle as though he had never seen him plainly before, and Harry could tell that he was regretting entering into the conversation at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  he muttered, \ldblquote this is all hypothetical, what we\rquote re discussing, isn\rquote t it? All academic \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir, of course,\rdblquote  said Riddle quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But all the same, Tom \'85 keep it quiet, what I\rquote ve told \emdash  that\rquote s to say, what we\rquote ve discussed. People wouldn\rquote t like to think we\rquote ve been chatting about Horcruxes. It\rquote s a banned subject at Hogwarts, you know. \'85 Dumbledore\rquote s particularly fierce about it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I won\rquote t say a word, sir,\rdblquote  said Riddle, and he left, but not before Harry had glimpsed his face, which was full of that same wild hap\-piness it had worn when he had first found out that he was a wiz\-ard, the sort of happiness that did not enhance his handsome features, but made them, somehow, less human. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote Let us go. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Harry landed back on the office floor Dumbledore was already sitting down behind his desk. Harry sat too and waited for Dumbledore to speak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have been hoping for this piece of evidence for a very long time,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore at last. \ldblquote It confirms the theory on which I have been working, it tells me that I am right, and also how very far there is still to go. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry suddenly noticed that every single one of the old head\-masters and headmistresses in the portraits around the walls was awake and listening in on their conversation. A corpulent, red-nosed wizard had actually taken out an ear trumpet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote I am sure you understood the significance of what we just heard. At the same age as you are now, give or take a few months, Tom Riddle was doing all he could to find out how to make himself immortal.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think he succeeded then, sir?\rdblquote  asked Harry. \ldblquote He made a Horcrux? And that\rquote s why he didn\rquote t die when he attacked me? He had a Horcrux hidden somewhere? A bit of his soul was safe?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A bit\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 or more,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote You heard Voldemort: What he particularly wanted from Horace was an opinion on what would happen to the wizard who created more than one Horcrux, what would happen to the wizard so determined to evade death that he would be prepared to murder many times, rip his soul re\-peatedly, so as to store it in many, separately concealed Horcruxes. No book would have given him that information. As far as I know \emdash  as far, I am sure, as Voldemort knew \emdash  no wizard had ever done more than tear his soul in two.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore paused for a moment, marshaling his thoughts, and then said, \ldblquote Four years ago, I received what I considered certain proof that Voldemort had split his soul.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where?\rdblquote  asked Harry \ldblquote How?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You handed it to me, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote The diary, Riddle\rquote s diary, the one giving instructions on how to reopen the Chamber of Secrets.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t understand, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, although I did not see the Riddle who came out of the di\-ary, what you described to me was a phenomenon I had never wit\-nessed. A mere memory starting to act and think for itself? A mere memory, sapping the life out of the girl into whose hands it had fallen? No, something much more sinister had lived inside that book. \'85 a fragment of soul, I was almost sure of it. The diary had been a Horcrux. But this raised as many questions as it answered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What intrigued and alarmed me most was that that diary had been intended as a weapon as much as a safeguard.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I still don\rquote t understand,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it worked as a Horcrux is supposed to work \emdash  in other words, the fragment of soul concealed inside it was kept safe and had undoubtedly played its part in preventing the death of its owner. But there could be no doubt that Riddle really wanted that diary read, wanted the piece of his soul to inhabit or possess some\-body else, so that Slytherin\rquote s monster would be unleashed again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, he didn\rquote t want his hard work to be wasted,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He wanted people to know he was Slytherin\rquote s heir, because he couldn\rquote t take credit at the time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quite correct,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, nodding. \ldblquote But don\rquote t you see, Harry, that if he intended the diary to be passed to, or planted on, some future Hogwarts student, he was being remarkably blas\'e9 about that precious fragment of his soul concealed within it. The point of a Horcrux is, as Professor Slughorn explained, to keep part of the self hidden and safe, not to fling it into somebody else\rquote s path and run the risk that they might destroy it \emdash  as indeed happened: That particular fragment of soul is no more; you saw to that.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The careless way in which Voldemort regarded this Horcrux seemed most ominous to me. It suggested that he must have made \emdash  or been planning to make \emdash  more Horcruxes, so that the loss of his first would not be so detrimental. I did not wish to be\-lieve it, but nothing else seemed to make sense.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then you told me, two years later, that on the night that Volde\-mort returned to his body, he made a most illuminating and alarm\-ing statement to his Death Eaters. \lquote\i I, who have gone further than anybody along the path that leads to immortality.\i0\rquote  That was what you told me he said. \lquote\i Further than anybody,\i0\rquote  And I thought I knew what that meant, though the Death Eaters did not. He was referring to\lang3081  \lang1033 his Horcruxes, Horcruxes in the plural, Harry, which I do not be\-lieve any other wizard has ever had. Yet it fitted: Lord Voldemort has seemed to grow less human with the passing years, and the transformation he has undergone seemed to me to be only explica\-ble if his soul was mutilated beyond the realms of what we might call \lquote usual evil\rquote  \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So he\rquote s made himself impossible to kill by murdering other peo\-ple?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Why couldn\rquote t he make a Sorcerer\rquote s Stone, or steal one, if he was so interested in immortality?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we know that he tried to do just that, five years ago,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote But there are several reasons why, I think, a Sor\-cerer\rquote s Stone would appeal less than Horcruxes to Lord Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote While the Elixir of Life does indeed extend life, it must be drunk regularly, for all eternity, if the drinker is to maintain their immortality. Therefore, Voldemort would be entirely dependent on the Elixir, and if it ran out, or was contaminated, or if the Stone was stolen, he would die just like any other man. Voldemort likes to operate alone, remember. I believe that he would have found the thought of being dependent, even on the Elixir, intolerable. Of course he was prepared to drink it if it would take him out of the horrible part-life to which he was condemned after attacking you, but only to regain a body. Thereafter, I am convinced, he intended to continue to rely on his Horcruxes: He would need nothing more, if only he could regain a human form. He was already im\-mortal, you see \'85 or as close to immortal as any man can be.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But now, Harry, armed with this information, the crucial mem\-ory you have succeeded in procuring for us, we are closer to the se\-cret of finishing Lord Voldemort than anyone has ever been before. You heard him, Harry: \lquote Wouldn\rquote t it be better, make you stronger,\lang3081  \lang1033 to have your soul in more pieces \'85 isn\rquote t seven the most powerfully magical number \'85\rquote  \i Isn\rquote t seven the most powerfully magical number. \i0 Yes, I think the idea of a seven-part soul would greatly appeal to Lord Voldemort.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He made \i seven\i0  Horcruxes?\rdblquote  said Harry, horror-struck, while several of the portraits on the walls made similar noises of shock and outrage. \ldblquote But they could be anywhere in the world \emdash  hidden \emdash  buried or invisible \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am glad to see you appreciate the magnitude of the problem,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly \ldblquote But firstly, no, Harry, not seven Hor\-cruxes: six. The seventh part of his soul, however maimed, resides inside his regenerated body. That was the part of him that lived a spectral existence for so many years during his exile; without that, he has no self at all. That seventh piece of soul will be the last that anybody wishing to kill Voldemort must attack \emdash  the piece that lives in his body.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But the six Horcruxes, then,\rdblquote  said Harry, a little desperately, \ldblquote how are we supposed to find them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are forgetting \'85 you have already destroyed one of them. And I have destroyed another.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have?\rdblquote  said Harry eagerly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes indeed,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and he raised his blackened, burned-looking hand. \ldblquote The ring, Harry. Marvolo\rquote s ring. And a ter\-rible curse there was upon it too. Had it not been \emdash  forgive me the lack of seemly modesty \emdash  for my own prodigious skill, and for Professor Snape\rquote s timely action when I returned to Hogwarts, des\-perately injured, I might not have lived to tell the tale. However, a withered hand does not seem an unreasonable exchange for a sev\-enth of Voldemort\rquote s soul. The ring is no longer a Horcrux.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how did you find it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, as you now know, for many years I have made it my busi\-ness to discover as much as I can about Voldemort\rquote s past life. I have traveled widely, visiting those places he once knew. I stumbled across the ring hidden in the ruin of the Gaunts\rquote  house. It seems that once Voldemort had succeeded in sealing a piece of his soul in\-side it, he did not want to wear it anymore. He hid it, protected by many powerful enchantments, in the shack where his ancestors had once lived (Morfin having been carted off to Azkaban, of course), never guessing that I might one day take the trouble to visit the ruin, or that I might be keeping an eye open for traces of magical concealment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote However, we should not congratulate ourselves too heartily. You destroyed the diary and I the ring, but if we are right in our theory of a seven-part soul, four Horcruxes remain.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And they could be anything?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote They could be old tin cans or, I dunno, empty potion bottles. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are thinking of Portkeys, Harry, which must be ordinary objects, easy to overlook. But would Lord Voldemort use tin cans or old potion bottles to guard his own precious soul? You are for\-getting what I have showed you. Lord Voldemort liked to collect trophies, and he preferred objects with a powerful magical history. His pride, his belief in his own superiority, his determination to carve for himself a startling place in magical history; these things suggest to me that Voldemort would have chosen his Horcruxes with some care, favoring objects worthy of the honor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The diary wasn\rquote t that special.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The diary, as you have said yourself, was proof that he was the\lang3081  \lang1033 Heir of Slytherin; I am sure that Voldemort considered it of stu\-pendous importance.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, the other Horcruxes?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Do you think you know what they are, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can only guess,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote For the reasons I have al\-ready given, I believe that Lord Voldemort would prefer objects that, in themselves, have a certain grandeur. I have therefore trawled back through Voldemort\rquote s past to see if I can find evidence that such artifacts have disappeared around him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The locket!\rdblquote  said Harry loudly. \ldblquote Hufflepuff\rquote s cup!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling, \ldblquote I would be prepared to bet \emdash  perhaps not my other hand \emdash  but a couple of fingers, that they be\-came Horcruxes three and four. The remaining two, assuming again that he created a total of six, are more of a problem, but I will hazard a guess that, having secured objects from Hufflepuff and Slytherin, he set out to track down objects owned by Gryffindor or Ravenclaw. Four objects from the four founders would, I am sure, have exerted a powerful pull over Voldemort\rquote s imagination. I can\-not answer for whether he ever managed to find anything of Ravenclaw\rquote s. I am confident, however, that the only known relic of Gryffindor remains safe.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore pointed his blackened fingers to the wall behind him, where a ruby-encrusted sword reposed within a glass case.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you think that\rquote s why he really wanted to come back to Hog\-warts, sir?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote To try and find something from one of the other founders?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My thoughts precisely,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote But unfortunately, that does not advance us much further, for he was turned away, or\lang3081  \lang1033 so I believe, without the chance to search the school. I am forced to conclude that he never fulfilled his ambition of collecting four founders\rquote  objects. He definitely had two \emdash  he may have found three \emdash  that is the best we can do for now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Even if he got something of Ravenclaw\rquote s or of Gryffindor\rquote s, that leaves a sixth Horcrux,\rdblquote  said Harry, counting on his fingers. \ldblquote Un\-less he got both?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I think I know what the sixth Horcrux is. I wonder what you will say when I confess that I have been curious for a while about the behavior of the snake, Nagini?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The snake?\rdblquote  said Harry, startled. \ldblquote You can use animals as Horcruxes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it is inadvisable to do so,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote because to confide a part of your soul to something that can think and move for itself is obviously a very risky business. However, if my calcula\-tions are correct, Voldemort was still at least one Horcrux short of his goal of six when he entered your parents\rquote  house with the inten\-tion of killing you.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He seems to have reserved the process of making Horcruxes for particularly significant deaths. You would certainly have been that. He believed that in killing you, he was destroying the danger the prophecy had outlined. He believed he was making himself invin\-cible. I am sure that he was intending to make his final Horcrux with your death.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As we know, he failed. After an interval of some years, however, he used Nagini to kill an old Muggle man, and it might then have occurred to him to turn her into his last Horcrux. She underlines the Slytherin connection, which enhances Lord Voldemort\rquote s mys\-tique; I think he is perhaps as fond of her as he can be of anything;\lang3081  \lang1033 he certainly likes to keep her close, and he seems to have an un\-usual amount of control over her, even for a Parselmouth.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote the diary\rquote s gone, the ring\rquote s gone. The cup, the locket, and the snake are still intact, and you think there might be a Horcrux that was once Ravenclaw\rquote s or Gryffindor\rquote s?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An admirably succinct and accurate summary, yes,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore, bowing his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \'85 are you still looking for them, sir? Is that where you\rquote ve been going when you\rquote ve been leaving the school?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Correct,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I have been looking for a very long time. I think \'85 perhaps \'85 I may be close to finding an\-other one. There are hopeful signs.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And if you do,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, \ldblquote can I come with you and help get rid of it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore looked at Harry very intently for a moment before saying, \ldblquote Yes, I think so.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can?\rdblquote  said Harry, thoroughly taken aback.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling slightly. \ldblquote I think you have earned that right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt his heart lift. It was very good not to hear words of caution and protection for once. The headmasters and head\-mistresses around the walls seemed less impressed by Dumbledore\rquote s decision; Harry saw a few of them shaking their heads and Phineas Nigellus actually snorted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does Voldemort know when a Horcrux is destroyed, sir? Can he feel it?\rdblquote  Harry asked, ignoring the portraits.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A very interesting question, Harry. I believe not. I believe that Voldemort is now so immersed in evil, and these crucial parts of himself have been detached for so long, he does not feel as we do.\lang3081  \lang1033 Perhaps, at the point of death, he might be aware of his loss \'85 but he was not aware, for instance, that the diary had been destroyed until he forced the truth out of Lucius Malfoy. When Voldemort discovered that the diary had been mutilated and robbed of all its powers, I am told that his anger was terrible to behold.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I thought he meant Lucius Malfoy to smuggle it into Hog\-warts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, he did, years ago, when he was sure he would be able to create more Horcruxes, but still Lucius was supposed to wait for Voldemort\rquote s say-so, and he never received it, for Voldemort van\-ished shortly after giving him the diary.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No doubt he thought that Lucius would not dare do anything with the Horcrux other than guard it carefully, but he was counting too much upon Lucius\rquote s fear of a master who had been gone for years and whom Lucius believed dead. Of course, Lucius did not know what the diary really was. I understand that Voldemort had told him the diary would cause the Chamber of Secrets to reopen because it was cleverly enchanted. Had Lucius known he held a portion of his mas\-ter\rquote s soul in his hands, he would undoubtedly have treated it with more reverence \emdash  but instead he went ahead and carried out the old plan for his own ends: By planting the diary upon Arthur Weasley\rquote s daughter, he hoped to discredit Arthur and get rid of a highly incrim\-inating magical object in one stroke. Ah, poor Lucius \'85 what with Voldemort\rquote s fury about the fact that he threw away the Horcrux for his own gain, and the fiasco at the Ministry last year, I would not be sur\-prised if he is not secretly glad to be safe in Azkaban at the moment.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat in thought for a moment, then asked, \ldblquote So if all of his Horcruxes are destroyed, Voldemort \i could\i0  be killed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I think so,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Without his Horcruxes,\lang3081  \lang1033 Voldemort will be a mortal man with a maimed and diminished soul. Never forget, though, that while his soul may be damaged be\-yond repair, his brain and his magical powers remain intact. It will take uncommon skill and power to kill a wizard like Voldemort even without his Horcruxes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I haven\rquote t got uncommon skill and power,\rdblquote  said Harry, be\-fore he could stop himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, you have,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore firmly. \ldblquote You have a power that Voldemort has never had. You can \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know!\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently. \ldblquote I can love!\rdblquote  It was only with difficulty that he stopped himself adding, \ldblquote Big deal!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Harry, you can love,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, who looked as though he knew perfectly well what Harry had just refrained from saying. \ldblquote Which, given everything that has happened to you, is a great and remarkable thing. You are still too young to understand how unusual you are, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, when the prophecy says that I\rquote ll have \lquote power the Dark Lord knows not,\rquote  it just means \emdash  love?\rdblquote  asked Harry, feeling a little let down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \emdash  just love,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote But Harry, never forget that what the prophecy says is only significant because Voldemort made it so. I told you this at the end of last year. Voldemort singled you out as the person who would be most dangerous to him \emdash  and in doing so, he \i made\i0  you the person who would be most dan\-gerous to him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it comes to the same \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it doesn\rquote t!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, sounding impatient now. Pointing at Harry with his black, withered hand, he said, \ldblquote You are setting too much store by the prophecy!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But,\rdblquote  spluttered Harry, \ldblquote but you said the prophecy means \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If Voldemort had never heard of the prophecy, would it have been fulfilled? Would it have meant anything? Of course not! Do you think every prophecy in the Hall of Prophecy has been ful\-filled?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But,\rdblquote  said Harry, bewildered, \ldblquote but last year, you said one of us would have to kill the other \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, Harry, only because Voldemort made a grave error, and acted on Professor Trelawney\rquote s words! If Voldemort had never mur\-dered your father, would he have imparted in you a furious desire for revenge? Of course not! If he had not forced your mother to die for you, would he have given you a magical protection he could not penetrate? Of course not, Harry! Don\rquote t you see? Voldemort himself created his worst enemy, just as tyrants everywhere do! Have you any idea how much tyrants fear the people they oppress? All of them realize that, one day, amongst their many victims, there is sure to be one who rises against them and strikes back! Voldemort is no different! Always he was on the lookout for the one who would challenge him. He heard the prophecy and he leapt into ac\-tion, with the result that he not only handpicked the man most likely to finish him, he handed him uniquely deadly weapons!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is essential that you understand this!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, standing up and striding about the room, his glittering robes swooshing in his wake; Harry had never seen him so agitated. \ldblquote By attempting to kill you, Voldemort himself singled out the remark\-able person who sits here in front of me, and gave him the tools for the job! It is Voldemort\rquote s fault that you were able to see into his thoughts, his ambitions, that you even understand the snakelike\lang3081  \lang1033 language in which he gives orders, and yet, Harry, despite your privileged insight into Voldemort\rquote s world (which, incidentally, is a gift any Death Eater would kill to have), you have never been se\-duced by the Dark Arts, never, even for a second, shown the slight\-est desire to become one of Voldemort\rquote s followers!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I haven\rquote t!\rdblquote  said Harry indignantly. \ldblquote He killed my mum and dad!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are protected, in short, by your ability to love!\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore loudly. \ldblquote The only protection that can possibly work against the lure of power like Voldemort\rquote s! In spite of all the temptation you have endured, all the suffering, you remain pure of heart, just as pure as you were at the age of eleven, when you stared into a mir\-ror that reflected your heart\rquote s desire, and it showed you only the way to thwart Lord Voldemort, and not immortality or riches. Harry, have you any idea how few wizards could have seen what you saw in that mirror? Voldemort should have known then what he was dealing with, but he did not!\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he knows it now. You have flitted into Lord Voldemort\rquote s mind without damage to yourself, but he cannot possess you with\-out enduring mortal agony, as he discovered in the Ministry. I do not think he understands why, Harry, but then, he was in such a hurry to mutilate his own soul, he never paused to understand the incomparable power of a soul that is untarnished and whole.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry, making valiant efforts not to sound argu\-mentative, \ldblquote it all comes to the same thing, doesn\rquote t it? I\rquote ve got to try and kill him, or \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Got to?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Of course you\rquote ve got to! But not because of the prophecy! Because you, yourself, will never rest until you\rquote ve tried! We both know it! Imagine, please, just for a moment,\lang3081  \lang1033 that you had never heard that prophecy! How would you feel about Voldemort now? Think!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry watched Dumbledore striding up and down in front of him, and thought. He thought of his mother, his father, and Sirius. He thought of Cedric Diggory. He thought of all the terrible deeds he knew Lord Voldemort had done. A flame seemed to leap inside his chest, searing his throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d want him finished,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly. \ldblquote And I\rquote d want to do it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course you would!\rdblquote  cried Dumbledore. \ldblquote You see, the prophecy does not mean you \i have\i0  to do anything! But the prophecy caused Lord Voldemort to \i mark you as his equal. \'85\i0  In other words, you are free to choose your way, quite free to turn your back on the prophecy! But Voldemort continues to set store by the prophecy. He will continue to hunt you \'85 which makes it certain, really, that \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That one of us is going to end up killing the other,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he understood at last what Dumbledore had been trying to tell him. It was, he thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. Some people, perhaps, would say that there was little to choose between the two ways, but Dumble\-dore knew \emdash  \i and so do I,\i0  thought Harry, with a rush of fierce pride, \i and so did my parents\i0  \emdash  that there was all the difference in the world.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 24\par
\pard\qc Sectumsempra\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Exhausted but delighted with his night\rquote s work, Harry told Ron and Hermione everything that had happened during next morning\rquote s Charms lesson (having first cast the \i Muffliato\i0  spell upon those nearest them). They were both satisfyingly impressed by the way he had wheedled the memory out of Slughorn and pos\-itively awed when he told them about Voldemort\rquote s Horcruxes and Dumbledore\rquote s promise to take Harry along, should he find an\-other one.\par
\ldblquote Wow,\rdblquote  said Ron, when Harry had finally finished telling them everything; Ron was waving his wand very vaguely in the direction of the ceiling without paying the slightest bit of attention to what he was doing. \ldblquote Wow. You\rquote re actually going to go with Dumbledore \'85 and try and destroy \'85 wow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, you\rquote re making it snow,\rdblquote  said Hermione patiently, grab\-bing his wrist and redirecting his wand away from the ceiling from which, sure enough, large white flakes had started to fall. Lavender\lang3081  \lang1033 Brown, Harry noticed, glared at Hermione from a neighboring table through very red eyes, and Hermione immediately let go of Ron\rquote s arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking down at his shoulders in vague surprise. \ldblquote Sorry \'85 looks like we\rquote ve all got horrible dandruff now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He brushed some of the fake snow off Hermione\rquote s shoulder. Lavender burst into tears. Ron looked immensely guilty and turned his back on her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We split up,\rdblquote  he told Harry out of the corner of his mouth. \ldblquote Last night. When she saw me coming out of the dormitory with Hermione. Obviously she couldn\rquote t see you, so she thought it had just been the two of us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Well \emdash  you don\rquote t mind it\rquote s over, do you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Ron admitted. \ldblquote It was pretty bad while she was yelling, but at least I didn\rquote t have to finish it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Coward,\rdblquote  said Hermione, though she looked amused. \ldblquote Well, it was a bad night for romance all around. Ginny and Dean split up too, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought there was a rather knowing look in her eye as she told him that, but she could not possibly know that his insides were suddenly dancing the conga. Keeping his face as immobile and his voice as indifferent as he could, he asked, \ldblquote How come?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, something really silly \'85 She said he was always trying to help her through the portrait hole, like she couldn\rquote t climb in her\-self\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but they\rquote ve been a bit rocky for ages.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced over at Dean on the other side of the classroom. He certainly looked unhappy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, this puts you in a bit of a dilemma, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Quidditch team,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote If Ginny and Dean aren\rquote t speaking \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  oh yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Flitwick,\rdblquote  said Ron in a warning tone. The tiny little Charms master was bobbing his way toward them, and Hermione was the only one who had managed to turn vinegar into wine; her glass flask was full of deep crimson liquid, whereas the contents of Harry\rquote s and Ron\rquote s were still murky brown.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, now, boys,\rdblquote  squeaked Professor Flitwick reproachfully. \ldblquote A little less talk, a little more action \'85 Let me see you try. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Together they raised their wands, concentrating with all their might, and pointed them at their flasks. Harry\rquote s vinegar turned to ice; Ron\rquote s flask exploded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 for homework,\rdblquote  said Professor Flitwick, reemerging from under the table and pulling shards of glass out of the top of his hat, \ldblquote\i practice.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had one of their rare joint free periods after Charms and walked back to the common room together. Ron seemed to be pos\-itively lighthearted about the end of his relationship with Laven\-der, and Hermione seemed cheery too, though when asked what she was grinning about she simply said, \ldblquote It\rquote s a nice day.\rdblquote  Neither of them seemed to have noticed that a fierce battle was raging inside Harry\rquote s brain:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i She\rquote s Ron\rquote s sister.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 But she\rquote s ditched Dean!\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i She\rquote s still Ron\rquote s sister.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 I\rquote m his best mate!\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i That\rquote ll make it worse.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 If I talked to him first \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i He\rquote d hit you.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 What if I don\rquote t care?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i He\rquote s your best mate\i0 !\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry barely noticed that they were climbing through the por\-trait hole into the sunny common room, and only vaguely regis\-tered the small group of seventh years clustered together there, until Hermione cried, \ldblquote Katie! You\rquote re back! Are you okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared: It was indeed Katie Bell, looking completely healthy and surrounded by her jubilant friends.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m really well!\rdblquote  she said happily. \ldblquote They let me out of St. Mungo\rquote s on Monday, I had a couple of days at home with Mum and Dad and then came back here this morning. Leanne was just telling me about McLaggen and the last match, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote well, now you\rquote re back and Ron\rquote s fit, we\rquote ll have a decent chance of thrashing Ravenclaw, which means we could still be in the running for the Cup. Listen, Katie \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had to put the question to her at once; his curiosity even drove Ginny temporarily from his brain. He dropped his voice as Katie\rquote s friends started gathering up their things; apparently they were late for Transfiguration.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 that necklace \'85 can you remember who gave it to you now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Katie, shaking her head ruefully. \ldblquote Everyone\rquote s been asking me, but I haven\rquote t got a clue. The last thing I remember was walking into the ladies\rquote  in the Three Broomsticks.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You definitely went into the bathroom, then?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I know I pushed open the door,\rdblquote  said Katie, \ldblquote so I suppose whoever Imperiused me was standing just behind it. After that, my memory\rquote s a blank until about two weeks ago in St. Mungo\rquote s. Listen, I\rquote d better go, I wouldn\rquote t put it past McGonagall to give me lines even if it is my first day back. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She caught up her bag and books and hurried after her friends, leaving Harry, Ron, and Hermione to sit down at a window table and ponder what she had told them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So it must have been a girl or a woman who gave Katie the necklace,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote to be in the ladies\rquote  bathroom.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or someone who looked like a girl or a woman,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Don\rquote t forget, there was a cauldron full of Polyjuice Potion at Hog\-warts. We know some of it got stolen. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In his mind\rquote s eye, he watched a parade of Crabbes and Goyles prance past, all transformed into girls.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think I\rquote m going to take another swig of Felix,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote and have a go at the Room of Requirement again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That would be a complete waste of potion,\rdblquote  said Hermione flatly, putting down the copy of \i Spellman\rquote s Syllabary\i0  she had just taken out of her bag. \ldblquote Luck can only get you so far, Harry. The sit\-uation with Slughorn was different; you always had the ability to persuade him, you just needed to tweak the circumstances a bit. Luck isn\rquote t enough to get you through a powerful enchantment, though. Don\rquote t go wasting the rest of that potion! You\rquote ll need all the luck you can get if Dumbledore takes you along with him \'85\rdblquote  She dropped her voice to a whisper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Couldn\rquote t we make some more?\rdblquote  Ron asked Harry, ignoring Hermione. \ldblquote It\rquote d be great to have a stock of it. \'85 Have a look in the book\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled his copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  out of his bag and looked up Felix Felicis.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, it\rquote s seriously complicated,\rdblquote  he said, running an eye down the list of ingredients. \ldblquote And it takes six months \'85 You\rquote ve got to let it stew. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Typical,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was about to put his book away again when he noticed the corner of a page folded down; turning to it, he saw the \i Sectum\-sempra\i0  spell, captioned \ldblquote For Enemies,\rdblquote  that he had marked a few weeks previously. He had still not found out what it did, mainly because he did not want to test it around Hermione, but he was considering trying it out on McLaggen next time he came up be\-hind him unawares.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The only person who was not particularly pleased to see Katie Bell back at school was Dean Thomas, because he would no longer be required to fill her place as Chaser. He took the blow stoically enough when Harry told him, merely grunting and shrugging, but Harry had the distinct feeling as he walked away that Dean and Seamus were muttering mutinously behind his back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The following fortnight saw the best Quidditch practices Harry had known as Captain. His team was so pleased to be rid of McLaggen, so glad to have Katie back at last, that they were flying extremely well.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny did not seem at all upset about the breakup with Dean; on the contrary, she was the life and soul of the team. Her imita\-tions of Ron anxiously bobbing up and down in front of the goal posts as the Quaffle sped toward him, or of Harry bellowing orders at McLaggen before being knocked out cold, kept them all highly amused. Harry, laughing with the others, was glad to have an\lang3081  \lang1033 innocent reason to look at Ginny; he had received several more Bludger injuries during practice because he had not been keeping his eyes on the Snitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The battle still raged inside his head: \i Ginny or Ron\i0 ? Sometimes he thought that the post-Lavender Ron might not mind too much if he asked Ginny out, but then he remembered Ron\rquote s expression when he had seen her kissing Dean, and was sure that Ron would consider it base treachery if Harry so much as held her hand. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yet Harry could not help himself talking to Ginny, laughing with her, walking back from practice with her; however much his conscience ached, he found himself wondering how best to get her on her own. It would have been ideal if Slughorn had given another of his little parties, for Ron would not be around \emdash  but unfortu\-nately, Slughorn seemed to have given them up. Once or twice Harry considered asking for Hermione\rquote s help, but he did not think he could stand seeing the smug look on her face; he thought he caught it sometimes when Hermione spotted him staring at Ginny or laughing at her jokes. And to complicate matters, he had the nagging worry that if he didn\rquote t do it, somebody else was sure to ask Ginny out soon: He and Ron were at least agreed on the fact that she was too popular for her own good.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All in all, the temptation to take another gulp of Felix Felicis was becoming stronger by the day, for surely this was a case for, as Her\-mione put it, \ldblquote tweaking the circumstances\rdblquote ? The balmy days slid gently through May, and Ron seemed to be there at Harry\rquote s shoul\-der every time he saw Ginny. Harry found himself longing for a stroke of luck that would somehow cause Ron to realize that noth\-ing would make him happier than his best friend and his sister falling for each other and to leave them alone together for longer\lang3081  \lang1033 than a few seconds. There seemed no chance of either while the fi\-nal Quidditch game of the season was looming; Ron wanted to talk tactics with Harry all the time and had little thought for anything else.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was not unique in this respect; interest in the Gryffindor-Ravenclaw game was running extremely high throughout the school, for the match would decide the Championship, which was still wide open. If Gryffindor beat Ravenclaw by a margin of three hundred points (a tall order, and yet Harry had never known his team to fly better) then they would win the Championship. If they won by less than three hundred points, they would come second to Ravenclaw; if they lost by a hundred points they would be third be\-hind Hufflepuff and if they lost by more than a hundred, they would be in fourth place and nobody, Harry thought, would ever, ever let him forget that it had been he who had captained Gryffin\-dor to their first bottom-of-the-table defeat in two centuries.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The run-up to this crucial match had all the usual features: members of rival Houses attempting to intimidate opposing teams in the corridors; unpleasant chants about individual players being rehearsed loudly as they passed; the team members themselves ei\-ther swaggering around enjoying all the attention or else dashing into bathrooms between classes to throw up. Somehow, the game had become inextricably linked in Harry\rquote s mind with success or failure in his plans for Ginny. He could not help feeling that if they won by more than three hundred points, the scenes of euphoria and a nice loud after-match party might be just as good as a hearty swig of Felix Felicis.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In the midst of all his preoccupations, Harry had not forgotten his other ambition: finding out what Malfoy was up to in the\lang3081  \lang1033 Room of Requirement. He was still checking the Marauder\rquote s Map, and as he was unable to locate Malfoy on it, deduced that Malfoy was still spending plenty of time within the room. Although Harry was losing hope that he would ever succeed in getting inside the Room of Requirement, he attempted it whenever he was in the vicinity, but no matter how he reworded his request, the wall re\-mained firmly doorless.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few days before the match against Ravenclaw, Harry found himself walking down to dinner alone from the common room, Ron having rushed off into a nearby bathroom to throw up yet again, and Hermione having dashed off to see Professor Vector about a mistake she thought she might have made in her last Arith\-mancy essay. More out of habit than anything, Harry made his usual detour along the seventh-floor corridor, checking the Ma\-rauder\rquote s Map as he went. For a moment he could not find Malfoy anywhere and assumed he must indeed be inside the Room of Requirement again, but then he saw Malfoy\rquote s tiny, labeled dot standing in a boys\rquote  bathroom on the floor below, accompanied, not by Crabbe or Goyle, but by Moaning Myrtle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry only stopped staring at this unlikely coupling when he walked right into a suit of armor. The loud crash brought him out of his reverie; hurrying from the scene lest Filch turn up, he dashed down the marble staircase and along the passageway below. Out\-side the bathroom, he pressed his ear against the door. He could not hear anything. He very quietly pushed the door open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Draco Malfoy was standing with his back to the door, his hands clutching either side of the sink, his white-blond head bowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t,\rdblquote  crooned Moaning Myrtle\rquote s voice from one of the cubi\-cles. \ldblquote Don\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 tell me what\rquote s wrong \'85 I can help you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one can help me,\rdblquote  said Malfoy. His whole body was shak\-ing. \ldblquote I can\rquote t do it. \'85 I can\rquote t. \'85 It won\rquote t work \'85 and unless I do it soon \'85 he says he\rquote ll kill me. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Harry realized, with a shock so huge it seemed to root him to the spot, that Malfoy was crying \emdash  actually crying \emdash  tears streaming down his pale face into the grimy basin. Malfoy gasped and gulped and then, with a great shudder, looked up into the cracked mirror and saw Harry staring at him over his shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy wheeled around, drawing his wand. Instinctively, Harry pulled out his own. Malfoy\rquote s hex missed Harry by inches, shatter\-ing the lamp on the wall beside him; Harry threw himself sideways, thought \i Levicorpus\i0 ! and flicked his wand, but Malfoy blocked the jinx and raised his wand for another \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No! No! Stop it!\rdblquote  squealed Moaning Myrtle, her voice echoing loudly around the tiled room. \ldblquote Stop! STOP!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a loud bang and the bin behind Harry exploded; Harry attempted a Leg-Locker Curse that backfired off the wall be\-hind Malfoy\rquote s ear and smashed the cistern beneath Moaning Myr\-tle, who screamed loudly; water poured everywhere and Harry slipped as Malfoy, his face contorted, cried, \ldblquote\i Cruci\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i SECTUMSEMPRA\i0 !\rdblquote  bellowed Harry from the floor, waving his wand wildly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Blood spurted from Malfoy\rquote s face and chest as though he had been slashed with an invisible sword. He staggered backward and collapsed onto the waterlogged floor with a great splash, his wand falling from his limp right hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash\rdblquote  gasped Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slipping and staggering, Harry got to his feet and plunged\lang3081  \lang1033 toward Malfoy, whose face was now shining scarlet, his white hands scrabbling at his blood-soaked chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  I didn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not know what he was saying; he fell to his knees be\-side Malfoy, who was shaking uncontrollably in a pool of his own blood. Moaning Myrtle let out a deafening scream: \ldblquote MURDER! MURDER IN THE BATHROOM! MURDER!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door banged open behind Harry and he looked up, terri\-fied: Snape had burst into the room, his face livid. Pushing Harry roughly aside, he knelt over Malfoy, drew his wand, and traced it over the deep wounds Harry\rquote s curse had made, muttering an in\-cantation that sounded almost like song. The flow of blood seemed to ease; Snape wiped the residue from Malfoy\rquote s face and repeated his spell. Now the wounds seemed to be knitting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was still watching, horrified by what he had done, barely aware that he too was soaked in blood and water. Moaning Myrtle was still sobbing and wailing overhead. When Snape had per\-formed his countercurse for the third time, he half-lifted Malfoy into a standing position.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You need the hospital wing. There may be a certain amount of scarring, but if you take dittany immediately we might avoid even that. \'85 Come. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He supported Malfoy across the bathroom, turning at the door to say in a voice of cold fury, \ldblquote And you, Potter \'85 You wait here for me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It did not occur to Harry for a second to disobey. He stood up slowly, shaking, and looked down at the wet floor. There were bloodstains floating like crimson flowers across its surface. He\lang3081  \lang1033 could not even find it in himself to tell Moaning Myrtle to be quiet, as she continued to wail and sob with increasingly evident enjoyment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape returned ten minutes later. He stepped into the bathroom and closed the door behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go,\rdblquote  he said to Myrtle, and she swooped back into her toilet at once, leaving a ringing silence behind her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean it to happen,\rdblquote  said Harry at once. His voice echoed in the cold, watery space. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t know what that spell did.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Snape ignored this. \ldblquote Apparently I underestimated you, Pot\-ter,\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote Who would have thought you knew such Dark Magic? Who taught you that spell?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  read about it somewhere.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was \emdash  a library book,\rdblquote  Harry invented wildly. \ldblquote I can\rquote t re\-member what it was call \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Liar,\rdblquote  said Snape. Harry\rquote s throat went dry. He knew what Snape was going to do and he had never been able to prevent it. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The bathroom seemed to shimmer before his eyes; he struggled to block out all thought, but try as he might, the Half-Blood Prince\rquote s copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  swam hazily to the fore\-front of his mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then he was staring at Snape again, in the midst of this wrecked, soaked bathroom. He stared into Snape\rquote s black eyes, hop\-ing against hope that Snape had not seen what he feared, but \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bring me your schoolbag,\rdblquote  said Snape softly, \ldblquote and all of your schoolbooks. \i All\i0  of them. Bring them to me here. Now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no point arguing. Harry turned at once and splashed\lang3081  \lang1033 out of the bathroom. Once in the corridor, he broke into a run to\-ward Gryffindor Tower. Most people were walking the other way; they gaped at him, drenched in water and blood, but he answered none of the questions fired at him as he ran past.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt stunned; it was as though a beloved pet had turned sud\-denly savage; what had the Prince been thinking to copy such a spell into his book? And what would happen when Snape saw it? Would he tell Slughorn \emdash  Harry\rquote s stomach churned \emdash  how Harry had been achieving such good results in Potions all year? Would he confiscate or destroy the book that had taught Harry so much \'85 the book that had become a kind of guide and friend? Harry could not let it happen. \'85 He could not\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote ve you \emdash  ? Why are you soaking \emdash  ? Is that \i blood\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was standing at the top of the stairs, looking bewildered at the sight of Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I need your book,\rdblquote  Harry panted. \ldblquote Your Potions book. Quick \'85 give it to me \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what about the Half-Blood \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll explain later!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron pulled his copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  out of his bag and handed it over; Harry sprinted off past him and back to the common room. Here, he seized his schoolbag, ignoring the amazed looks of several people who had already finished their dinner, threw himself back out of the portrait hole, and hurtled off along the seventh-floor corridor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He skidded to a halt beside the tapestry of dancing trolls, closed his eyes, and began to walk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I need a place to hide my book. \'85 I need a place to hide my book. \'85 I need a place to hide my book. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Three times he walked up and down in front of the stretch of blank wall. When he opened his eyes, there it was at last: the door to the Room of Requirement. Harry wrenched it open, flung him\-self inside, and slammed it shut.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gasped. Despite his haste, his panic, his fear of what awaited him back in the bathroom, he could not help but be overawed by what he was looking at. He was standing in a room the size of a large cathedral, whose high windows were sending shafts of light down upon what looked like a city with towering walls, built of what Harry knew must be objects hidden by generations of Hog\-warts inhabitants. There were alleyways and roads bordered by tee\-tering piles of broken and damaged furniture, stowed away, perhaps, to hide the evidence of mishandled magic, or else hidden by castle-proud house-elves. There were thousands and thousands of books, no doubt banned or graffitied or stolen. There were winged catapults and Fanged Frisbees, some still with enough life in them to hover halfheartedly over the mountains of other forbidden items; there were chipped bottles of congealed potions, hats, jewels, cloaks; there were what looked like dragon eggshells, corked bottles whose contents still shimmered evilly, several rusting swords, and a heavy, bloodstained axe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hurried forward into one of the many alleyways between all this hidden treasure. He turned right past an enormous stuffed troll, ran on a short way, took a left at the broken Vanishing Cabi\-net in which Montague had got lost the previous year, finally paus\-ing beside a large cupboard that seemed to have had acid thrown at its blistered surface. He opened one of the cupboard\rquote s creaking doors: It had already been used as a hiding place for something in a cage that had long since died; its skeleton had five legs. He stuffed\lang3081  \lang1033 the Half-Blood Prince\rquote s book behind the cage and slammed the door. He paused for a moment, his heart thumping horribly, gaz\-ing around at all the clutter. \'85 Would he be able to find this spot again amidst all this junk? Seizing the chipped bust of an ugly old warlock from on top of a nearby crate, he stood it on top of the cupboard where the book was now hidden, perched a dusty old wig and a tarnished tiara on the statue\rquote s head to make it more distinc\-tive, then sprinted back through the alleyways of hidden junk as fast as he could go, back to the door, back out onto the corridor, where he slammed the door behind him, and it turned at once back into stone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry ran flat-out toward the bathroom on the floor below, cramming Ron\rquote s copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  into his bag as he did so. A minute later, he was back in front of Snape, who held out his hand wordlessly for Harry\rquote s schoolbag. Harry handed it over, panting, a searing pain in his chest, and waited.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One by one, Snape extracted Harry\rquote s books and examined them. Finally, the only book left was the Potions book, which he looked at very carefully before speaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is your copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making,\i0  is it, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, still breathing hard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re quite sure of that, are you, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, with a touch more defiance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is the copy of \i Advanced Potion-Making\i0  that you purchased from Flourish and Blotts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then why,\rdblquote  asked Snape, \ldblquote does it have the name \lquote Roonil Waz\-lib\rquote  written inside the front cover?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart missed a beat. \ldblquote That\rquote s my nickname,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your nickname,\rdblquote  repeated Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 that\rquote s what my friends call me,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I understand what a nickname is,\rdblquote  said Snape. The cold, black eyes were boring once more into Harry\rquote s; he tried not to look into them. \i Close your mind. \'85\i0  \i Close your mind. \'85\i0  But he had never learned how to do it properly. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you know what I think, Potter?\rdblquote  said Snape, very quietly. \ldblquote I think that you are a liar and a cheat and that you deserve detention with me every Saturday until the end of term. What do you think, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I don\rquote t agree, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry, still refusing to look into Snape\rquote s eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we shall see how you feel after your detentions,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote Ten o\rquote clock Saturday morning, Potter. My office.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But sir \'85\rdblquote  said Harry, looking up desperately. \ldblquote Quidditch \'85 the last match of the \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ten o\rquote clock,\rdblquote  whispered Snape, with a smile that showed his yellow teeth. \ldblquote Poor Gryffindor\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 fourth place this year, I fear\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he left the bathroom without another word, leaving Harry to stare into the cracked mirror, feeling sicker, he was sure, than Ron had ever felt in his life.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I won\rquote t say \lquote I told you so,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Hermione, an hour later in the common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Leave it, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had never made it to dinner; he had no appetite at all. He had just finished telling Ron, Hermione, and Ginny what had hap\-pened, not that there seemed to have been much need. The news had traveled very fast: Apparently Moaning Myrtle had taken it\lang3081  \lang1033 upon herself to pop up in every bathroom in the castle to tell the story; Malfoy had already been visited in the hospital wing by Pansy Parkinson, who had lost no time in vilifying Harry far and wide, and Snape had told the staff precisely what had happened. Harry had already been called out of the common room to endure fifteen highly unpleasant minutes in the company of Professor McGonagall, who had told him he was lucky not to have been ex\-pelled and that she supported wholeheartedly Snape\rquote s punishment of detention every Saturday until the end of term.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told you there was something wrong with that Prince person,\rdblquote  Hermione said, evidently unable to stop herself. \ldblquote And I was right, wasn\rquote t I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t think you were,\rdblquote  said Harry stubbornly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was having a bad enough time without Hermione lecturing him; the looks on the Gryffindor team\rquote s faces when he had told them he would not be able to play on Saturday had been the worst punishment of all. He could feel Ginny\rquote s eyes on him now but did not meet them; he did not want to see disappointment or anger there. He had just told her that she would be playing Seeker on Sat\-urday and that Dean would be rejoining the team as Chaser in her place. Perhaps, if they won, Ginny and Dean would make up dur\-ing the post-match euphoria. \'85 The thought went through Harry like an icy knife. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote how can you still stick up for that book when that spell \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Will you stop harping on about the book!\rdblquote  snapped Harry. \ldblquote The Prince only copied it out! It\rquote s not like he was advising anyone to use it! For all we know, he was making a note of something that had been used against him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe this,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote You\rquote re actually defend\-ing \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not defending what I did!\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote I wish I hadn\rquote t done it, and not just because I\rquote ve got about a dozen deten\-tions. You know I wouldn\rquote t\rquote ve used a spell like that, not even on Malfoy, but you can\rquote t blame the Prince, he hadn\rquote t written \lquote try this out, it\rquote s really good\rquote  \emdash  he was just making notes for himself, wasn\rquote t he, not for anyone else. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you telling me,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote that you\rquote re going to go back \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And get the book? Yeah, I am,\rdblquote  said Harry forcefully. \ldblquote Listen, without the Prince I\rquote d never have won the Felix Felicis. I\rquote d never have known how to save Ron from poisoning, I\rquote d never have \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  got a reputation for Potions brilliance you don\rquote t deserve,\rdblquote  said Hermione nastily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give it a rest, Hermione!\rdblquote  said Ginny, and Harry was so amazed, so grateful, he looked up. \ldblquote By the sound of it, Malfoy was trying to use an Unforgivable Curse, you should be glad Harry had something good up his sleeve!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, of course I\rquote m glad Harry wasn\rquote t cursed!\rdblquote  said Hermione, clearly stung. \ldblquote But you can\rquote t call that Sectumsempra spell good, Ginny, look where it\rquote s landed him! And I\rquote d have thought, seeing what this has done to your chances in the match \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, don\rquote t start acting as though you understand Quidditch,\rdblquote  snapped Ginny, \ldblquote you\rquote ll only embarrass yourself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron stared: Hermione and Ginny, who had always got on together very well, were now sitting with their arms folded, glaring in opposite directions. Ron looked nervously at Harry, then snatched up a book at random and hid behind it. Harry, however,\lang3081  \lang1033 little though he knew he deserved it, felt unbelievably cheerful all of a sudden, even though none of them spoke again for the rest of the evening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His lightheartedness was short-lived. There were Slytherin taunts to be endured next day, not to mention much anger from fellow Gryffindors, who were most unhappy that their Captain had got himself banned from the final match of the season. By Saturday morning, whatever he might have told Hermione, Harry would have gladly exchanged all the Felix Felicis in the world to be walk\-ing down to the Quidditch pitch with Ron, Ginny, and the others. It was almost unbearable to turn away from the mass of students streaming out into the sunshine, all of them wearing rosettes and hats and brandishing banners and scarves, to descend the stone steps into the dungeons and walk until the distant sounds of the crowd were quite obliterated, knowing that he would not be able to hear a word of commentary or a cheer or groan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape, when Harry had knocked on his door and entered the unpleasantly familiar office that Snape, despite teaching floors above now, had not vacated; it was as dimly lit as ever and the same slimy dead objects were suspended in colored potions all around the walls. Ominously, there were many cob\-webbed boxes piled on a table where Harry was clearly supposed to sit; they had an aura of tedious, hard, and pointless work about them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Filch has been looking for someone to clear out these old files,\rdblquote  said Snape softly. \ldblquote They are the records of other Hogwarts wrongdoers and their punishments. Where the ink has grown faint, or the cards have suffered damage from mice, we would like you to copy out the crimes and punishments afresh and, making\lang3081  \lang1033 sure that they are in alphabetical order, replace them in the boxes. You will not use magic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right, Professor,\rdblquote  said Harry, with as much contempt as he could put into the last three syllables.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you could start,\rdblquote  said Snape, a malicious smile on his lips, \ldblquote with boxes one thousand and twelve to one thousand and fifty-six. You will find some familiar names in there, which should add interest to the task. Here, you see \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled out a card from one of the topmost boxes with a flour\-ish and read, \ldblquote  \lquote\i James Potter and Sirius Black. Apprehended using an illegal hex upon Bertram Aubrey. Aubrey\rquote s head twice normal size. Double detention.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\i  \i0 Snape sneered. \ldblquote It must be such a comfort to think that, though they are gone, a record of their great achieve\-ments remains. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt the familiar boiling sensation in the pit of his stom\-ach. Biting his tongue to prevent himself retaliating, he sat down in front of the boxes and pulled one toward him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was, as Harry had anticipated, useless, boring work, punctu\-ated (as Snape had clearly planned) with the regular jolt in the stomach that meant he had just read his father or Sirius\rquote s names, usually coupled together in various petty misdeeds, occasionally ac\-companied by those of Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew. And while he copied out all their various offenses and punishments, he wondered what was going on outside, where the match would have just started \'85 Ginny playing Seeker against Cho \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced again and again at the large clock ticking on the wall. It seemed to be moving half as fast as a regular clock; perhaps Snape had bewitched it to go extra slowly? He could not have been here for only half an hour \'85 an hour \'85 an hour and a half. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s stomach started rumbling when the clock showed half past twelve. Snape, who had not spoken at all since setting Harry his task, finally looked up at ten past one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think that will do,\rdblquote  he said coldly. \ldblquote Mark the place you have reached. You will continue at ten o\rquote clock next Saturday.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stuffed a bent card into the box at random and hurried out of the door before Snape could change his mind, racing back up the stone steps, straining his ears to hear a sound from the pitch, but all was quiet. \'85 It was over, then. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He hesitated outside the crowded Great Hall, then ran up the marble staircase; whether Gryffindor had won or lost, the team usually celebrated or commiserated in their own common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Quid\lang3081  \lang1033 agis\i0 ?\rdblquote  he said tentatively to the Fat Lady, wondering what he would find inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her expression was unreadable as she replied, \ldblquote You\rquote ll see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she swung forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A roar of celebration erupted from the hole behind her. Harry gaped as people began to scream at the sight of him; several hands pulled him into the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We won!\rdblquote  yelled Ron, bounding into sight and brandishing the silver Cup at Harry. \ldblquote We won! Four hundred and fifty to a hundred and forty! We won!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around; there was Ginny running toward him; she had a hard, blazing look in her face as she threw her arms around him. And without thinking, without planning it, without worrying about the fact that fifty people were watching, Harry kissed her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After several long moments \emdash  or it might have been half an hour \emdash  or possibly several sunlit days \emdash  they broke apart. The\lang3081  \lang1033 room had gone very quiet. Then several people wolf-whistled and there was an outbreak of nervous giggling. Harry looked over the top of Ginny\rquote s head to see Dean Thomas holding a shattered glass in his hand, and Romilda Vane looking as though she might throw something. Hermione was beaming, but Harry\rquote s eyes sought Ron. At last he found him, still clutching the Cup and wearing an ex\-pression appropriate to having been clubbed over the head. For a fraction of a second they looked at each other, then Ron gave a tiny jerk of the head that Harry understood to mean, \i Well\lang3081  \lang1033\i0\emdash\lang3081  \lang1033\i if you must.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 The creature in his chest roaring in triumph, he grinned down at Ginny and gestured wordlessly out of the portrait hole. A long walk in the grounds seemed indicated, during which \emdash  if they had time \emdash  they might discuss the match.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 25\par
\pard\qc The Seer Overheard\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
The fact that Harry Potter was going out with Ginny Weasley seemed to interest a great number of people, most of them girls, yet Harry found himself newly and happily impervi\-ous to gossip over the next few weeks. After all, it made a very nice change to be talked about because of something that was making him happier than he could remember being for a very long time, rather than because he had been involved in horrific scenes of Dark Magic.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d think people had better things to gossip about,\rdblquote  said Ginny, as she sat on the common room floor, leaning against Harry\rquote s legs and reading the \i Daily Prophet.\i0  \ldblquote Three dementor at\-tacks in a week, and all Romilda Vane does is ask me if it\rquote s true you\rquote ve got a hippogriff tattooed across your chest.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione both roared with laughter. Harry ignored them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did you tell her?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told her it\rquote s a Hungarian Horntail,\rdblquote  said Ginny, turning a page of the newspaper idly. \ldblquote Much more macho.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning. \ldblquote And what did you tell her Ron\rquote s got?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A Pygmy Puff, but I didn\rquote t say where.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron scowled as Hermione rolled around laughing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Watch it,\rdblquote  he said, pointing warningly at Harry and Ginny. \ldblquote Just because I\rquote ve given my permission doesn\rquote t mean I can\rquote t with\-draw it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Your\lang3081  \lang1033 permission,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\i  \lang1033\i0 scoffed Ginny. \ldblquote Since when did you give me permission to do anything? Anyway, you said yourself you\rquote d rather it was Harry than Michael or Dean.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I would,\rdblquote  said Ron grudgingly. \ldblquote And just as long as you don\rquote t start snogging each other in public \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You filthy hypocrite! What about you and Lavender, thrashing around like a pair of eels all over the place?\rdblquote  demanded Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ron\rquote s tolerance was not to be tested much as they moved into June, for Harry and Ginny\rquote s time together was becoming in\-creasingly restricted. Ginny\rquote s O.W.L.s were approaching and she was therefore forced to study for hours into the night. On one such evening, when Ginny had retired to the library, and Harry was sit\-ting beside the window in the common room, supposedly finishing his Herbology homework but in reality reliving a particularly happy hour he had spent down by the lake with Ginny at lunch\-time, Hermione dropped into the seat between him and Ron with an unpleasantly purposeful look on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want to talk to you, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about?\rdblquote  said Harry suspiciously. Only the previous day,\lang3081  \lang1033 Hermione had told him off for distracting Ginny when she ought to be working hard for her examinations.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The so-called Half-Blood Prince.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, not again,\rdblquote  he groaned. \ldblquote Will you please drop it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had not dared to return to the Room of Requirement to re\-trieve his book, and his performance in Potions was suffering ac\-cordingly (though Slughorn, who approved of Ginny, had jocularly attributed this to Harry being lovesick). But Harry was sure that Snape had not yet given up hope of laying hands on the Prince\rquote s book, and was determined to leave it where it was while Snape re\-mained on the lookout.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not dropping it,\rdblquote  said Hermione firmly, \ldblquote until you\rquote ve heard me out. Now, I\rquote ve been trying to find out a bit about who might make a hobby of inventing Dark spells \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He didn\rquote t make a hobby of it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He, he \emdash  who says it\rquote s a he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve been through this,\rdblquote  said Harry crossly. \ldblquote\i Prince,\i0  Hermi\-one, \i Prince\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right!\rdblquote  said Hermione, red patches blazing in her cheeks as she pulled a very old piece of newsprint out of her pocket and slammed it down on the table in front of Harry. \ldblquote Look at that! Look at the picture!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry picked up the crumbling piece of paper and stared at the moving photograph, yellowed with age; Ron leaned over for a look too. The picture showed a skinny girl of around fifteen. She was not pretty; she looked simultaneously cross and sullen, with heavy brows and a long, pallid face. Underneath the photograph was the caption: EILEEN PRINCE, CAPTAIN OF THE HOGWARTS GOBSTONES TEAM.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So?\rdblquote  said Harry, scanning the short news item to which the pic\-ture belonged; it was a rather dull story about interschool compe\-titions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Her name was Eileen Prince. \i Prince,\i0  Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They looked at each other, and Harry realized what Hermione was trying to say. He burst out laughing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think \i she\i0  was the Half-Blood \'85 ? Oh, come on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, why not? Harry, there aren\rquote t any real princes in the Wiz\-arding world! It\rquote s either a nickname, a made-up title somebody\rquote s given themselves, or it could be their actual name, couldn\rquote t it? No, listen! If, say, her father was a wizard whose surname was Prince, and her mother was a Muggle, then that would make her a \lquote half-blood Prince\rquote !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, very ingenious, Hermione \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it would! Maybe she was proud of being half a Prince!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen, Hermione, I can tell it\rquote s not a girl. I can just tell.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The truth is that you don\rquote t think a girl would have been clever enough,\rdblquote  said Hermione angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How can I have hung round with you for five years and not think girls are clever?\rdblquote  said Harry, stung by this. \ldblquote It\rquote s the way he writes, I just know the Prince was a bloke, I can tell. This girl hasn\rquote t got anything to do with it. Where did you get this anyway?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The library,\rdblquote  said Hermione predictably. \ldblquote There\rquote s a whole col\-lection of old \i Prophets\i0  up there. Well, I\rquote m going to find out more about Eileen Prince if I can.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Enjoy yourself,\rdblquote  said Harry irritably.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I will,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote And the first place I\rquote ll look,\rdblquote  she shot\lang3081  \lang1033 at him, as she reached the portrait hole, \ldblquote is records of old Potions awards!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry scowled after her for a moment, then continued his con\-templation of the darkening sky.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s just never got over you outperforming her in Potions,\rdblquote  said Ron, returning to his copy of \i A Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t think I\rquote m mad, wanting that book back, do you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course not,\rdblquote  said Ron robustly. \ldblquote He was a genius, the Prince. Anyway \'85 without his bezoar tip \'85\rdblquote  He drew his finger signifi\-cantly across his own throat. \ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t be here to discuss it, would I? I mean, I\rquote m not saying that spell you used on Malfoy was great \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nor am I,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he healed all right, didn\rquote t he? Back on his feet in no time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry; this was perfectly true, although his con\-science squirmed slightly all the same. \ldblquote Thanks to Snape \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You still got detention with Snape this Saturday?\rdblquote  Ron con\-tinued.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, and the Saturday after that, and the Saturday after that,\rdblquote  sighed Harry. \ldblquote And he\rquote s hinting now that if I don\rquote t get all the boxes done by the end of term, we\rquote ll carry on next year.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was finding these detentions particularly irksome because they cut into the already limited time he could have been spending with Ginny. Indeed, he had frequently wondered lately whether Snape did not know this, for he was keeping Harry later and later every time, while making pointed asides about Harry having to miss the good weather and the varied opportunities it offered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was shaken from these bitter reflections by the appearance\lang3081  \lang1033 at his side of Jimmy Peakes, who was holding out a scroll of parchment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks, Jimmy \'85 Hey, it\rquote s from Dumbledore!\rdblquote  said Harry excitedly, unrolling the parchment and scanning it. \ldblquote He wants me to go to his office as quick as I can!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They stared at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey,\rdblquote  whispered Ron. \ldblquote You don\rquote t reckon\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 he hasn\rquote t found \'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Better go and see, hadn\rquote t I?\rdblquote  said Harry, jumping to his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He hurried out of the common room and along the seventh floor as fast as he could, passing nobody but Peeves, who swooped past in the opposite direction, throwing bits of chalk at Harry in a routine sort of way and cackling loudly as he dodged Harry\rquote s de\-fensive jinx. Once Peeves had vanished, there was silence in the corridors; with only fifteen minutes left until curfew, most people had already returned to their common rooms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then Harry heard a scream and a crash. He stopped in his tracks, listening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How \emdash  \i dare\i0  \emdash  you \emdash  aaaaargh!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The noise was coming from a corridor nearby; Harry sprinted toward it, his wand at the ready, hurtled around another corner, and saw Professor Trelawney sprawled upon the floor, her head covered in one of her many shawls, several sherry bottles lying be\-side her, one broken.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hurried forward and helped Professor Trelawney to her feet. Some of her glittering beads had become entangled with her glasses. She hiccuped loudly, patted her hair, and pulled herself up on Harry\rquote s helping arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened, Professor?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You may well ask!\rdblquote  she said shrilly. \ldblquote I was strolling along, brood\-ing upon certain dark portents I happen to have glimpsed \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry was not paying much attention. He had just noticed where they were standing: There on the right was the tapestry of dancing trolls, and on the left, that smoothly impenetrable stretch of stone wall that concealed \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor, were you trying to get into the Room of Require\-ment?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 omens I have been vouchsafed \emdash  what?\rdblquote  She looked sud\-denly shifty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Room of Requirement,\rdblquote  repeated Harry. \ldblquote Were you trying to get in there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  well \emdash  I didn\rquote t know students knew about \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not all of them do,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But what happened? You screamed. \'85 It sounded as though you were hurt. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  well,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, drawing her shawls around her defensively and staring down at him with her vastly magnified eyes. \ldblquote I wished to \emdash  ah \emdash  deposit certain \emdash  um \emdash  personal items in the room. \'85\rdblquote  And she muttered something about \ldblquote nasty accusa\-tions.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry, glancing down at the sherry bottles. \ldblquote But you couldn\rquote t get in and hide them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He found this very odd; the room had opened for him, after all, when he had wanted to hide the Half-Blood Prince\rquote s book.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I got in all right,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, glaring at the wall. \ldblquote But there was somebody already in there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Somebody in \emdash  ? Who?\rdblquote  demanded Harry. \ldblquote Who was in there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have no idea,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, looking slightly taken aback at the urgency in Harry\rquote s voice. \ldblquote I walked into the room and I heard a voice, which has never happened before in all my years of hiding \emdash  of using the room, I mean.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A voice? Saying what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know that it was saying anything,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney. \ldblquote It was \'85 whooping.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Whooping\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gleefully,\rdblquote  she said, nodding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Was it male or female?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would hazard a guess at male,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And it sounded happy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very happy,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney sniffily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As though it was celebrating?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Most definitely.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then I called out \lquote Who\rquote s there?\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You couldn\rquote t have found out who it was without asking?\rdblquote  Harry asked her, slightly frustrated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Inner Eye,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney with dignity, straight\-ening her shawls and many strands of glittering beads, \ldblquote was fixed upon matters well outside the mundane realms of whooping voices.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry hastily; he had heard about Professor Trelawney\rquote s Inner Eye all too often before. \ldblquote And did the voice say who was there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it did not,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Everything went pitch-black and the next thing I knew, I was being hurled headfirst out of the room!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you didn\rquote t see that coming?\rdblquote  said Harry, unable to help himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I did not, as I say, it was pitch \emdash\rdblquote  She stopped and glared at him suspiciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think you\rquote d better tell Professor Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He ought to know Malfoy\rquote s celebrating \emdash  I mean, that someone threw you out of the room.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To his surprise, Professor Trelawney drew herself up at this sug\-gestion, looking haughty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The headmaster has intimated that he would prefer fewer visits from me,\rdblquote  she said coldly. \ldblquote I am not one to press my company upon those who do not value it. If Dumbledore chooses to ignore the warnings the cards show \emdash\rdblquote  Her bony hand closed suddenly around Harry\rquote s wrist. \ldblquote Again and again, no matter how I lay them out \emdash\rdblquote  And she pulled a card dramatically from underneath her shawls. \ldblquote\emdash  the lightning-struck tower,\rdblquote  she whispered. \ldblquote Calamity. Disaster. Coming nearer all the time \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry again. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I still think you should tell Dumbledore about this voice, and everything going dark and being thrown out of the room. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think so?\rdblquote  Professor Trelawney seemed to consider the matter for a moment, but Harry could tell that she liked the idea of retelling her little adventure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to see him right now,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got a meeting with him. We could go together.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, well, in that case,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney with a smile. She bent down, scooped up her sherry bottles, and dumped them unceremoniously in a large blue-and-white vase standing in a nearby niche.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I miss having you in my classes, Harry,\rdblquote  she said soulfully as they set off together. \ldblquote You were never much of a Seer \'85 but you were a wonderful Object\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not reply; he had loathed being the Object of Profes\-sor Trelawney\rquote s continual predictions of doom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am afraid,\rdblquote  she went on, \ldblquote that the nag \emdash  I\rquote m sorry, the cen\-taur \emdash  knows nothing of cartomancy. I asked him \emdash  one Seer to another \emdash  had he not, too, sensed the distant vibrations of com\-ing catastrophe? But he seemed to find me almost comical. Yes, comical!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her voice rose rather hysterically, and Harry caught a powerful whiff of sherry even though the bottles had been left behind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perhaps the horse has heard people say that I have not inherited my great-great-grandmother\rquote s gift. Those rumors have been bandied about by the jealous for years. You know what I say to such people, Harry? Would Dumbledore have let me teach at this great school, put so much trust in me all these years, had I not proved myself to him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry mumbled something indistinct.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I well remember my first interview with Dumbledore,\rdblquote  went on Professor Trelawney, in throaty tones. \ldblquote He was deeply im\-pressed, of course, deeply impressed. \'85 I was staying at the Hog\rquote s Head, which I do not advise, incidentally \emdash  bedbugs, dear boy \emdash  but funds were low. Dumbledore did me the courtesy of calling upon me in my room. He questioned me. \'85 I must confess that, at first, I thought he seemed ill-disposed toward Divination \'85 and I remember I was starting to feel a little odd, I had not eaten much that day \'85 but then \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now Harry was paying attention properly for the first time,\lang3081  \lang1033 for he knew what had happened then: Professor Trelawney had made the prophecy that had altered the course of his whole life, the prophecy about him and Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 but then we were rudely interrupted by Severus Snape!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, there was a commotion outside the door and it flew open, and there was that rather uncouth barman standing with Snape, who was waffling about having come the wrong way up the stairs, although I\rquote m afraid that I myself rather thought he had been ap\-prehended eavesdropping on my interview with Dumbledore \emdash  you see, he himself was seeking a job at the time, and no doubt hoped to pick up tips! Well, after that, you know, Dumbledore seemed much more disposed to give me a job, and I could not help thinking, Harry, that it was because he appreciated the stark con\-trast between my own unassuming manners and quiet talent, com\-pared to the pushing, thrusting young man who was prepared to listen at keyholes \emdash  Harry, dear?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked back over her shoulder, having only just realized that Harry was no longer with her; he had stopped walking and they were now ten feet from each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  she repeated uncertainly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Perhaps his face was white to make her look so concerned and frightened. Harry was standing stock-still as waves of shock crashed over him, wave after wave, obliterating everything except the information that had been kept from him for so long. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Snape who had overheard the prophecy. It was Snape who had carried the news of the prophecy to Voldemort. Snape and Peter Pettigrew together had sent Voldemort hunting after Lily and James and their son. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nothing else mattered to Harry just now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney again. \ldblquote Harry \emdash  I thought we were going to see the headmaster together?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You stay here,\rdblquote  said Harry through numb lips.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But dear \'85 I was going to tell him how I was assaulted in the Room of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You stay here!\rdblquote  Harry repeated angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked alarmed as he ran past her, around the corner into Dumbledore\rquote s corridor, where the lone gargoyle stood sentry. Harry shouted the password at the gargoyle and ran up the moving spiral staircase three steps at a time. He did not knock upon Dum\-bledore\rquote s door, he hammered; and the calm voice answered, \ldblquote En\-ter\rdblquote  after Harry had already flung himself into the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fawkes the phoenix looked around, his bright black eyes gleam\-ing with reflected gold from the sunset beyond the windows. Dumbledore was standing at the window looking out at the grounds, a long, black traveling cloak in his arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Harry, I promised that you could come with me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a moment or two, Harry did not understand; the conversa\-tion with Trelawney had driven everything else out of his head and his brain seemed to be moving very slowly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come \'85 with you \'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only if you wish it, of course.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then Harry remembered why he had been eager to come to Dumbledore\rquote s office in the first place. \ldblquote You\rquote ve found one? You\rquote ve found a Horcrux?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I believe so.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rage and resentment fought shock and excitement: For several moments, Harry could not speak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is natural to be afraid,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not scared!\rdblquote  said Harry at once, and it was perfectly true; fear was one emotion he was not feeling at all. \ldblquote Which Horcrux is it? Where is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am not sure which it is \emdash  though I think we can rule out the snake \emdash  but I believe it to be hidden in a cave on the coast many miles from here, a cave I have been trying to locate for a very long time: the cave in which Tom Riddle once terrorized two children from his orphanage on their annual trip; you remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote How is it protected?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do not know; I have suspicions that may be entirely wrong.\rdblquote  Dumbledore hesitated, then said, \ldblquote Harry, I promised you that you could come with me, and I stand by that promise, but it would be very wrong of me not to warn you that this will be exceedingly dangerous.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m coming,\rdblquote  said Harry, almost before Dumbledore had fin\-ished speaking. Boiling with anger at Snape, his desire to do some\-thing desperate and risky had increased tenfold in the last few minutes. This seemed to show on Harry\rquote s face, for Dumbledore moved away from the window and looked more closely at Harry, a slight crease between his silver eyebrows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What has happened to you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  lied Harry promptly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What has upset you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not upset.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you were never a good Occlumens \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The word was the spark that ignited Harry\rquote s fury.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape!\rdblquote  he said, very loudly, and Fawkes gave a soft squawk be\-hind them. \ldblquote Snape\rquote s what\rquote s happened! He told Voldemort about the prophecy, it was \i him,\i0  he listened outside the door, Trelawney told me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s expression did not change, but Harry thought his face whitened under the bloody tinge cast by the setting sun. For a long moment, Dumbledore said nothing. \ldblquote When did you find out about this?\rdblquote  he asked at last.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just now!\rdblquote  said Harry, who was refraining from yelling with enormous difficulty. And then, suddenly, he could not stop him\-self. \ldblquote AND YOU LET HIM TEACH HERE AND HE TOLD VOLDEMORT TO GO AFTER MY MUM AND DAD!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Breathing hard as though he was fighting, Harry turned away from Dumbledore, who still had not moved a muscle, and paced up and down the study, rubbing his knuckles in his hand and exer\-cising every last bit of restraint to prevent himself knocking things over. He wanted to rage and storm at Dumbledore, but he also wanted to go with him to try and destroy the Horcrux; he wanted to tell him that he was a foolish old man for trusting Snape, but he was terrified that Dumbledore would not take him along unless he mastered his anger. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote Please listen to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was as difficult to stop his relentless pacing as to refrain from shouting. Harry paused, biting his lip, and looked into Dumble\-dore\rquote s lined face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Snape made a terrible \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t tell me it was a mistake, sir, he was listening at the door!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please let me finish.\rdblquote  Dumbledore waited until Harry had\lang3081  \lang1033 nodded curtly, then went on. \ldblquote Professor Snape made a terrible mis\-take. He was still in Lord Voldemort\rquote s employ on the night he heard the first half of Professor Trelawney\rquote s prophecy. Naturally, he hastened to tell his master what he had heard, for it concerned his master most deeply. But he did not know \emdash  he had no possible way of know\-ing \emdash  which boy Voldemort would hunt from then onward, or that the parents he would destroy in his murderous quest were people that Professor Snape knew, that they were your mother and father \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry let out a yell of mirthless laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He hated my dad like he hated Sirius! Haven\rquote t you noticed, Professor, how the people Snape hates tend to end up dead?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have no idea of the remorse Professor Snape felt when he realized how Lord Voldemort had interpreted the prophecy, Harry. I believe it to be the greatest regret of his life and the reason that he returned \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \i he\rquote s\i0  a very good Occlumens, isn\rquote t he, sir?\rdblquote  said Harry, whose voice was shaking with the effort of keeping it steady. \ldblquote And isn\rquote t Voldemort convinced that Snape\rquote s on his side, even now? Professor \'85 how can you be \i sure\i0  Snape\rquote s on our side?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore did not speak for a moment; he looked as though he was trying to make up his mind about something. At last he said, \ldblquote I am sure. I trust Severus Snape completely.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry breathed deeply for a few moments in an effort to steady himself. It did not work.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t!\rdblquote  he said, as loudly as before. \ldblquote He\rquote s up to some\-thing with Draco Malfoy right now, right under your nose, and you still \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We have discussed this, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and now he sounded stern again. \ldblquote I have told you my views.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re leaving the school tonight, and I\rquote ll bet you haven\rquote t even considered that Snape and Malfoy might decide to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To what?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore, his eyebrows raised. \ldblquote What is it that you suspect them of doing, precisely?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85 they\rquote re up to something!\rdblquote  said Harry, and his hands curled into fists as he said it. \ldblquote Professor Trelawney was just in the Room of Requirement, trying to hide her sherry bottles, and she heard Mal\-foy whooping, celebrating! He\rquote s trying to mend something danger\-ous in there and if you ask me, he\rquote s fixed it at last and you\rquote re about to just walk out of school without \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Enough,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. He said it quite calmly, and yet Harry fell silent at once; he knew that he had finally crossed some invisible line. \ldblquote Do you think that I have once left the school un\-protected during my absences this year? I have not. Tonight, when I leave, there will again be additional protection in place. Please do not suggest that I do not take the safety of my students seriously, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote  mumbled Harry, a little abashed, but Dumbledore cut across him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do not wish to discuss the matter any further.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry bit back his retort, scared that he had gone too far, that he had ruined his chance of accompanying Dumbledore, but Dum\-bledore went on, \ldblquote Do you wish to come with me tonight?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well, then: Listen.\rdblquote  Dumbledore drew himself up to his full height. \ldblquote I take you with me on one condition: that you obey any command I might give you at once, and without question.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Be sure to understand me, Harry. I mean that you must follow\lang3081  \lang1033 even such orders as \lquote run,\rquote  \lquote hide,\rquote  or \lquote go back.\rquote  Do I have your word?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  yes, of course.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I tell you to hide, you will do so?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I tell you to flee, you will obey?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I tell you to leave me and save yourself, you will do as I tell you?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They looked at each other for a moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very good. Then I wish you to go and fetch your Invisibility Cloak and meet me in the entrance hall in five minutes\rquote  time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore turned back to look out of the fiery window; the sun was now a ruby red glare along the horizon. Harry walked quickly from the office and down the spiral staircase. His mind was oddly clear all of a sudden. He knew what to do.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione were sitting together in the common room when he came back. \ldblquote What does he want?\rdblquote  Hermione said at once. \ldblquote Harry, are you okay?\rdblquote  she added anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m fine,\rdblquote  said Harry shortly, racing past them. He dashed up the stairs and into his dormitory, where he flung open his trunk and pulled out the Marauder\rquote s Map and a pair of balled-up socks. Then he sped back down the stairs and into the common room, skidding to a halt where Ron and Hermione sat, looking stunned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got to be quick,\rdblquote  Harry panted. \ldblquote Dumbledore thinks I\rquote m getting my Invisibility Cloak. Listen. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Quickly he told them where he was going and why. He did not pause either for Hermione\rquote s gasps of horror or for Ron\rquote s hasty ques\-tions; they could work out the finer details for themselves later.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 so you see what this means?\rdblquote  Harry finished at a gallop. \ldblquote Dumbledore won\rquote t be here tonight, so Malfoy\rquote s going to have an\-other clear shot at whatever he\rquote s up to. \i No, listen to me\i0 !\rdblquote  he hissed angrily, as both Ron and Hermione showed every sign of interrupt\-ing. \ldblquote I know it was Malfoy celebrating in the Room of Require\-ment. Here \emdash\rdblquote  He shoved the Marauder\rquote s Map into Hermione\rquote s hands. \ldblquote You\rquote ve got to watch him and you\rquote ve got to watch Snape too. Use anyone else who you can rustle up from the D.A., Hermione, those contact Galleons will still work, right? Dumbledore says he\rquote s put extra protection in the school, but if Snape\rquote s involved, he\rquote ll know what Dumbledore\rquote s protection is, and how to avoid it \emdash  but he won\rquote t be expecting you lot to be on the watch, will he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash\rdblquote  began Hermione, her eyes huge with fear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t got time to argue,\rdblquote  said Harry curtly. \ldblquote Take this as well \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He thrust the socks into Ron\rquote s hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Er \emdash  why do I need socks?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You need what\rquote s wrapped in them, it\rquote s the Felix Felicis. Share it between yourselves and Ginny too. Say good-bye to her for me. I\rquote d better go, Dumbledore\rquote s waiting \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Hermione, as Ron unwrapped the tiny little bottle of golden potion, looking awestruck. \ldblquote We don\rquote t want it, you take it, who knows what you\rquote re going to be facing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll be fine, I\rquote ll be with Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I want to know you lot are okay. \'85 Don\rquote t look like that, Hermione, I\rquote ll see you later. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he was off, hurrying back through the portrait hole and to\-ward the entrance hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore was waiting beside the oaken front doors. He turned as Harry came skidding out onto the topmost stone step, panting hard, a searing stitch in his side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would like you to wear your cloak, please,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and he waited until Harry had thrown it on before saying, \ldblquote Very good. Shall we go?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore set off at once down the stone steps, his own trav\-eling cloak barely stirring in the still summer air. Harry hurried alongside him under the Invisibility Cloak, still panting and sweat\-ing rather a lot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what will people think when they see you leaving, Profes\-sor?\rdblquote  Harry asked, his mind on Malfoy and Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That I am off into Hogsmeade for a drink,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore lightly. \ldblquote I sometimes offer Rosmerta my custom, or else visit the Hog\rquote s Head \'85 or I appear to. It is as good a way as any of dis\-guising one\rquote s true destination.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They made their way down the drive in the gathering twilight. The air was full of the smells of warm grass, lake water, and wood smoke from Hagrid\rquote s cabin. It was difficult to believe that they were heading for anything dangerous or frightening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly, as the gates at the bottom of the drive came into view, \ldblquote will we be Apparating?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote You can Apparate now, I believe?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but I haven\rquote t got a license.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt it best to be honest; what if he spoiled everything by turning up a hundred miles from where he was supposed to go?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No matter,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote I can assist you again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They turned out of the gates into the twilit, deserted lane to Hogsmeade. Darkness descended fast as they walked, and by the time they reached the High Street night was falling in earnest. Lights twinkled from windows over shops and as they neared the Three Broomsticks they heard raucous shouting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and stay out!\rdblquote  shouted Madam Rosmerta, forcibly ejecting a grubby-looking wizard. \ldblquote Oh, hello, Albus \'85 You\rquote re out late \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good evening, Rosmerta, good evening \'85 forgive me, I\rquote m off to the Hog\rquote s Head. \'85 No offense, but I feel like a quieter atmo\-sphere tonight. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A minute later they turned the corner into the side street where the Hog\rquote s Head\rquote s sign creaked a little, though there was no breeze. In contrast to the Three Broomsticks, the pub appeared to be com\-pletely empty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It will not be necessary for us to enter,\rdblquote  muttered Dumbledore, glancing around. \ldblquote As long as nobody sees us go \'85 now place your hand upon my arm, Harry. There is no need to grip too hard, I am merely guiding you. On the count of three \'85 One \'85 two \'85 three \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned. At once, there was that horrible sensation that he was being squeezed through a thick rubber tube; he could not draw breath, every part of him was being compressed almost past en\-durance and then, just when he thought he must suffocate, the in\-visible bands seemed to burst open, and he was standing in cool darkness, breathing in lungfuls of fresh, salty air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 26\par
\pard\qc The Cave\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry could smell salt and hear rushing waves; a light, chilly breeze ruffled his hair as he looked out at moon\-lit sea and star-strewn sky. He was standing upon a high outcrop of dark rock, water foaming and churning below him. He glanced over his shoulder. A towering cliff stood behind them, a sheer drop, black and faceless. A few large chunks of rock, such as the one upon which Harry and Dumbledore were standing, looked as though they had broken away from the cliff face at some point in the past. It was a bleak, harsh view, the sea and the rock unrelieved by any tree or sweep of grass or sand.\par
\ldblquote What do you think?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore. He might have been asking Harry\rquote s opinion on whether it was a good site for a picnic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They brought the kids from the orphanage here?\rdblquote  asked Harry, who could not imagine a less cozy spot for a day trip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not here, precisely,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote There is a village of sorts about halfway along the cliffs behind us. I believe the orphans\lang3081  \lang1033 were taken there for a little sea air and a view of the waves. No, I think it was only ever Tom Riddle and his youthful victims who visited this spot. No Muggle could reach this rock unless they were uncommonly good mountaineers, and boats cannot approach the cliffs, the waters around them are too dangerous. I imagine that Riddle climbed down; magic would have served better than ropes. And he brought two small children with him, probably for the pleasure of terrorizing them. I think the journey alone would have done it, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked up at the cliff again and felt goose bumps.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But his final destination \emdash  and ours \emdash  lies a little farther on. Come.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore beckoned Harry to the very edge of the rock where a series of jagged niches made footholds leading down to boulders that lay half-submerged in water and closer to the cliff. It was a treacherous descent and Dumbledore, hampered slightly by his withered hand, moved slowly. The lower rocks were slippery with seawater. Harry could feel flecks of cold salt spray hitting his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Lumos,\i0\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, as he reached the boulder closest to the cliff face. A thousand flecks of golden light sparkled upon the dark surface of the water a few feet below where he crouched; the black wall of rock beside him was illuminated too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You see?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly, holding his wand a little higher. Harry saw a fissure in the cliff into which dark water was swirling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will not object to getting a little wet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then take off your Invisibility Cloak \emdash  there is no need for it now \emdash  and let us take the plunge.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And with the sudden agility of a much younger man, Dumble\-dore slid from the boulder, landed in the sea, and began to swim, with a perfect breaststroke, toward the dark slit in the rock face, his lit wand held in his teeth. Harry pulled off his cloak, stuffed it into his pocket, and followed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The water was icy; Harry\rquote s waterlogged clothes billowed around him and weighed him down. Taking deep breaths that filled his nostrils with the tang of salt and seaweed, he struck out for the shimmering, shrinking light now moving deeper into the cliff.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The fissure soon opened into a dark tunnel that Harry could tell would be filled with water at high tide. The slimy walls were barely three feet apart and glimmered like wet tar in the passing light of Dumbledore\rquote s wand. A little way in, the passageway curved to the left, and Harry saw that it extended far into the cliff. He continued to swim in Dumbledore\rquote s wake, the tips of his benumbed fingers brushing the rough, wet rock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then he saw Dumbledore rising out of the water ahead, his sil\-ver hair and dark robes gleaming. When Harry reached the spot he found steps that led into a large cave. He clambered up them, water streaming from his soaking clothes, and emerged, shivering uncontrollably, into the still and freezing air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore was standing in the middle of the cave, his wand held high as he turned slowly on the spot, examining the walls and ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, this is the place,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How can you tell?\rdblquote  Harry spoke in a whisper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It has known magic,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore simply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not tell whether the shivers he was experiencing were due to his spine-deep coldness or to the same awareness of\lang3081  \lang1033 enchantments. He watched as Dumbledore continued to revolve on the spot, evidently concentrating on things Harry could not see.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is merely the antechamber, the entrance hall,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore after a moment or two. \ldblquote We need to penetrate the inner place. \'85 Now it is Lord Voldemort\rquote s obstacles that stand in our way, rather than those nature made. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore approached the wall of the cave and caressed it with his blackened fingertips, murmuring words in a strange tongue that Harry did not understand. Twice Dumbledore walked right around the cave, touching as much of the rough rock as he could, occasionally pausing, running his fingers backward and for\-ward over a particular spot, until finally he stopped, his hand pressed flat against the wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote We go on through here. The entrance is con\-cealed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not ask how Dumbledore knew. He had never seen a wizard work things out like this, simply by looking and touching; but Harry had long since learned that bangs and smoke were more often the marks of ineptitude than expertise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore stepped back from the cave wall and pointed his wand at the rock. For a moment, an arched outline appeared there, blazing white as though there was a powerful light behind the crack.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve d-done it!\rdblquote  said Harry through chattering teeth, but be\-fore the words had left his lips the outline had gone, leaving the rock as bare and solid as ever. Dumbledore looked around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote m so sorry, I forgot,\rdblquote  he said; he now pointed his wand at Harry and at once, Harry\rquote s clothes were as warm and dry as if they had been hanging in front of a blazing fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said Harry gratefully, but Dumbledore had al\-ready turned his attention back to the solid cave wall. He did not try any more magic, but simply stood there staring at it intently, as though something extremely interesting was written on it. Harry stayed quite still; he did not want to break Dumbledore\rquote s concen\-tration. Then, after two solid minutes, Dumbledore said quietly, \ldblquote Oh, surely not. So crude.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it, Professor?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I rather think,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, putting his uninjured hand inside his robes and drawing out a short silver knife of the kind Harry used to chop potion ingredients, \ldblquote that we are required to make payment to pass.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Payment?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You\rquote ve got to give the door something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Blood, if I am not much mistaken.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Blood\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I said it was crude,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, who sounded disdainful, even disappointed, as though Voldemort had fallen short of the standards Dumbledore expected. \ldblquote The idea, as I am sure you will have gathered, is that your enemy must weaken him- or herself to enter. Once again, Lord Voldemort fails to grasp that there are much more terrible things than physical injury.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but still, if you can avoid it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  said Harry, who had ex\-perienced enough pain not to be keen for more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sometimes, however, it is unavoidable,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, shaking back the sleeve of his robes and exposing the forearm of his injured hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor!\rdblquote  protested Harry, hurrying forward as Dumbledore raised his knife. \ldblquote I\rquote ll do it, I\rquote m \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not know what he was going to say \emdash  younger, fitter?\lang3081  \lang1033 But Dumbledore merely smiled. There was a flash of silver, and a spurt of scarlet; the rock face was peppered with dark, glistening drops.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are very kind, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, now passing the tip of his wand over the deep cut he had made in his own arm, so that it healed instantly, just as Snape had healed Malfoy\rquote s wounds. \ldblquote But your blood is worth more than mine. Ah, that seems to have done the trick, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The blazing silver outline of an arch had appeared in the wall once more, and this time it did not fade away: The blood-spattered rock within it simply vanished, leaving an opening into what seemed total darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote After me, I think,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and he walked through the archway with Harry on his heels, lighting his own wand hastily as he went.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An eerie sight met their eyes: They were standing on the edge of a great black lake, so vast that Harry could not make out the dis\-tant banks, in a cavern so high that the ceiling too was out of sight. A misty greenish light shone far away in what looked like the mid\-dle of the lake; it was reflected in the completely still water below. The greenish glow and the light from the two wands were the only things that broke the otherwise velvety blackness, though their rays did not penetrate as far as Harry would have expected. The dark\-ness was somehow denser than normal darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let us walk,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote Be very careful not to step into the water. Stay close to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He set off around the edge of the lake, and Harry followed close behind him. Their footsteps made echoing, slapping sounds on the narrow rim of rock that surrounded the water. On and on they\lang3081  \lang1033 walked, but the view did not vary: on one side of them, the rough cavern wall, on the other, the boundless expanse of smooth, glassy blackness, in the very middle of which was that mysterious greenish glow. Harry found the place and the silence oppressive, unnerving.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor?\rdblquote  he said finally. \ldblquote Do you think the Horcrux is here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m sure it is. The question is, how do we get to it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We couldn\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 we couldn\rquote t just try a Summoning Charm?\rdblquote  Harry said, sure that it was a stupid suggestion. But he was much keener than he was prepared to admit on getting out of this place as soon as possible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly we could,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, stopping so suddenly that Harry almost walked into him. \ldblquote Why don\rquote t you do it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Me? Oh \'85 okay \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had not expected this, but cleared his throat and said loudly, wand aloft, \ldblquote\i Accio Horcrux\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a noise like an explosion, something very large and pale erupted out of the dark water some twenty feet away; before Harry could see what it was, it had vanished again with a crashing splash that made great, deep ripples on the mirrored surface. Harry leapt backward in shock and hit the wall; his heart was still thundering as he turned to Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Something, I think, that is ready to respond should we attempt to seize the Horcrux.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked back at the water. The surface of the lake was once more shining black glass: The ripples had vanished unnaturally fast; Harry\rquote s heart, however, was still pounding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you think that would happen, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought \i something\i0  would happen if we made an obvious at\-tempt to get our hands on the Horcrux. That was a very good idea, Harry; much the simplest way of finding out what we are facing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But we don\rquote t know what the thing was,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking at the sinisterly smooth water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What the things \i are,\i0  you mean,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I doubt very much that there is only one of them. Shall we walk on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you think we\rquote re going to have to go into the lake?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Into it? Only if we are very unfortunate.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t think the Horcrux is at the bottom?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no \'85 I think the Horcrux is in the \i middle.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Dumbledore pointed toward the misty green light in the center of the lake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So we\rquote re going to have to cross the lake to get to it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I think so.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not say anything. His thoughts were all of water mon\-sters, of giant serpents, of demons, kelpies, and sprites. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aha,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and he stopped again; this time, Harry really did walk into him; for a moment he toppled on the edge of the dark water, and Dumbledore\rquote s uninjured hand closed tightly around his upper arm, pulling him back. \ldblquote So sorry, Harry, I should have given warning. Stand back against the wall, please; I think I have found the place.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had no idea what Dumbledore meant; this patch of dark bank was exactly like every other bit as far as he could tell, but Dumbledore seemed to have detected something special about it. This time he was running his hand, not over the rocky wall, but\lang3081  \lang1033 through the thin air, as though expecting to find and grip some\-thing invisible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oho,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore happily, seconds later. His hand had closed in midair upon something Harry could not see. Dumble\-dore moved closer to the water; Harry watched nervously as the tips of Dumbledore\rquote s buckled shoes found the utmost edge of the rock rim. Keeping his hand clenched in midair, Dumbledore raised his wand with the other and tapped his fist with the point.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Immediately a thick coppery green chain appeared out of thin air, extending from the depths of the water into Dumbledore\rquote s clenched hand. Dumbledore tapped the chain, which began to slide through his fist like a snake, coiling itself on the ground with a clinking sound that echoed noisily off the rocky walls, pulling something from the depths of the black water. Harry gasped as the ghostly prow of a tiny boat broke the surface, glowing as green as the chain, and floated, with barely a ripple, toward the place on the bank where Harry and Dumbledore stood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you know that was there?\rdblquote  Harry asked in astonish\-ment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Magic always leaves traces,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, as the boat hit the bank with a gentle bump, \ldblquote sometimes very distinctive traces. I taught Tom Riddle. I know his style.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is \'85 is this boat safe?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, I think so. Voldemort needed to create a means to cross the lake without attracting the wrath of those creatures he had placed within it in case he ever wanted to visit or remove his Horcrux.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So the things in the water won\rquote t do anything to us if we cross in Voldemort\rquote s boat?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we must resign ourselves to the fact that they will, at some point, realize we are not Lord Voldemort. Thus far, however, we have done well. They have allowed us to raise the boat.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why have they let us?\rdblquote  asked Harry, who could not shake off the vision of tentacles rising out of the dark water the moment they were out of sight of the bank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort would have been reasonably confident that none but a very great wizard would have been able to find the boat,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I think he would have been prepared to risk what was, to his mind, the most unlikely possibility that somebody else would find it, knowing that he had set other obstacles ahead that only he would be able to penetrate. We shall see whether he is right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down into the boat. It really was very small.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t look like it was built for two people. Will it hold both of us? Will we be too heavy together?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore chuckled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort will not have cared about the weight, but about the amount of magical power that crossed his lake. I rather think an enchantment will have been placed upon this boat so that only one wizard at a time will be able to sail in it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do not think you will count, Harry: You are underage and un\-qualified. Voldemort would never have expected a sixteen-year-old to reach this place: I think it unlikely that your powers will register compared to mine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 These words did nothing to raise Harry\rquote s morale; perhaps Dumbledore knew it, for he added, \ldblquote Voldemort\rquote s mistake, Harry, Voldemort\rquote s mistake \'85 Age is foolish and forgetful when it\lang3081  \lang1033 underestimates youth. \'85 Now, you first this time, and be careful not to touch the water.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore stood aside and Harry climbed carefully into the boat. Dumbledore stepped in too, coiling the chain onto the floor. They were crammed in together; Harry could not comfortably sit, but crouched, his knees jutting over the edge of the boat, which be\-gan to move at once. There was no sound other than the silken rus\-tle of the boat\rquote s prow cleaving the water; it moved without their help, as though an invisible rope was pulling it onward toward the light in the center. Soon they could no longer see the walls of the cavern; they might have been at sea except that there were no waves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down and saw the reflected gold of his wandlight sparkling and glittering on the black water as they passed. The boat was carving deep ripples upon the glassy surface, grooves in the dark mirror. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then Harry saw it, marble white, floating inches below the surface.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor!\rdblquote  he said, and his startled voice echoed loudly over the silent water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think I saw a hand in the water \emdash  a human hand!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I am sure you did,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared down into the water, looking for the vanished hand, and a sick feeling rose in his throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that thing that jumped out of the water \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry had his answer before Dumbledore could reply; the wandlight had slid over a fresh patch of water and showed him, this time, a dead man lying faceup inches beneath the surface, his open\lang3081  \lang1033 eyes misted as though with cobwebs, his hair and his robes swirling around him like smoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are bodies in here!\rdblquote  said Harry, and his voice sounded much higher than usual and most unlike his own.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore placidly, \ldblquote but we do not need to worry about them at the moment.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At the moment?\rdblquote  Harry repeated, tearing his gaze from the wa\-ter to look at Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not while they are merely drifting peacefully below us,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote There is nothing to be feared from a body, Harry, any more than there is anything to be feared from the darkness. Lord Voldemort, who of course secretly fears both, disagrees. But once again he reveals his own lack of wisdom. It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said nothing; he did not want to argue, but he found the idea that there were bodies floating around them and beneath them horrible and, what was more, he did not believe that they were not dangerous.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But one of them jumped,\rdblquote  he said, trying to make his voice as level and calm as Dumbledore\rquote s. \ldblquote When I tried to Summon the Horcrux, a body leapt out of the lake.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I am sure that once we take the Horcrux, we shall find them less peaceable. However, like many creatures that dwell in cold and darkness, they fear light and warmth, which we shall therefore call to our aid should the need arise. Fire, Harry,\rdblquote  Dumbledore added with a smile, in response to Harry\rquote s bewildered expression.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 right\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. He turned his head to look at the greenish glow toward which the boat was still inexorably\lang3081  \lang1033 sailing. He could not pretend now that he was not scared. The great black lake, teeming with the dead \'85 It seemed hours and hours ago that he had met Professor Trelawney, that he had given Ron and Hermione Felix Felicis. \'85 He suddenly wished he had said a better good-bye to them \'85 and he hadn\rquote t seen Ginny at all. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nearly there,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore cheerfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sure enough, the greenish light seemed to be growing larger at last, and within minutes, the boat had come to a halt, bumping gently into something that Harry could not see at first, but when he raised his illuminated wand he saw that they had reached a small island of smooth rock in the center of the lake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Careful not to touch the water,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore again as Harry climbed out of the boat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The island was no larger than Dumbledore\rquote s office, an expanse of flat dark stone on which stood nothing but the source of that greenish light, which looked much brighter when viewed close to. Harry squinted at it; at first, he thought it was a lamp of some kind, but then he saw that the light was coming from a stone basin rather like the Pensieve, which was set on top of a pedestal.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore approached the basin and Harry followed. Side by side, they looked down into it. The basin was full of an emerald liq\-uid emitting that phosphorescent glow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  asked Harry quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am not sure,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Something more worrisome than blood and bodies, however.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore pushed back the sleeve of his robe over his black\-ened hand, and stretched out the tips of his burned fingers toward the surface of the potion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir, no, don\rquote t touch \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I cannot touch,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling faintly. \ldblquote See? I can\-not approach any nearer than this. You try.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Staring, Harry put his hand into the basin and attempted to touch the potion. He met an invisible barrier that prevented him coming within an inch of it. No matter how hard he pushed, his fingers encountered nothing but what seemed to be solid and in\-flexible air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Out of the way, please, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. He raised his wand and made complicated movements over the surface of the potion, murmuring soundlessly. Nothing happened, except per\-haps that the potion glowed a little brighter. Harry remained silent while Dumbledore worked, but after a while Dumbledore with\-drew his wand, and Harry felt it was safe to talk again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think the Horcrux is in there, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes.\rdblquote  Dumbledore peered more closely into the basin. Harry saw his face reflected, upside down, in the smooth surface of the green potion. \ldblquote But how to reach it? This potion cannot be pen\-etrated by hand, Vanished, parted, scooped up, or siphoned away, nor can it be Transfigured, Charmed, or otherwise made to change its nature.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Almost absentmindedly, Dumbledore raised his wand again, twirled it once in midair, and then caught the crystal goblet that he had conjured out of nowhere.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can only conclude that this potion is supposed to be drunk.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote No!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I think so: Only by drinking it can I empty the basin and see what lies in its depths.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what if\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  what if it kills you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I doubt that it would work like that,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore\lang3081  \lang1033 easily. \ldblquote Lord Voldemort would not want to kill the person who reached this island.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry couldn\rquote t believe it. Was this more of Dumbledore\rquote s insane determination to see good in everyone?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir,\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to keep his voice reasonable, \ldblquote sir, this is \i Voldemort\i0  we\rquote re \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, Harry; I should have said, he would not want to \i im\-mediately\i0  kill the person who reached this island,\rdblquote  Dumbledore corrected himself. \ldblquote He would want to keep them alive long enough to find out how they managed to penetrate so far through his de\-fenses and, most importantly of all, why they were so intent upon emptying the basin. Do not forget that Lord Voldemort believes that he alone knows about his Horcruxes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry made to speak again, but this time Dumbledore raised his hand for silence, frowning slightly at the emerald liquid, evidently thinking hard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Undoubtedly,\rdblquote  he said, finally, \ldblquote this potion must act in a way that will prevent me taking the Horcrux. It might paralyze me, cause me to forget what I am here for, create so much pain I am dis\-tracted, or render me incapable in some other way. This being the case, Harry, it will be your job to make sure I keep drinking, even if you have to tip the potion into my protesting mouth. You understand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Their eyes met over the basin, each pale face lit with that strange, green light. Harry did not speak. Was this why he had been invited along \emdash  so that he could force-feed Dumbledore a potion that might cause him unendurable pain?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You remember,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote the condition on which I brought you with me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hesitated, looking into the blue eyes that had turned green in the reflected light of the basin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what if \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You swore, did you not, to follow any command I gave you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I warned you, did I not, that there might be danger?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, then,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, shaking back his sleeves once more and raising the empty goblet, \ldblquote you have my orders.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why can\rquote t I drink the potion instead?\rdblquote  asked Harry desperately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because I am much older, much cleverer, and much less valuable,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Once and for all, Harry, do I have your word that you will do all in your power to make me keep drinking?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Couldn\rquote t \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do I have it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Your word, Harry.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  all right, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before Harry could make any further protest, Dumbledore low\-ered the crystal goblet into the potion. For a split second, Harry hoped that he would not be able to touch the potion with the gob\-let, but the crystal sank into the surface as nothing else had; when the glass was full to the brim, Dumbledore lifted it to his mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your good health, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he drained the goblet. Harry watched, terrified, his hands gripping the rim of the basin so hard that his fingertips were numb.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor?\rdblquote  he said anxiously, as Dumbledore lowered the empty glass. \ldblquote How do you feel?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore shook his head, his eyes closed. Harry wondered whether he was in pain. Dumbledore plunged the glass blindly back into the basin, refilled it, and drank once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In silence, Dumbledore drank three gobletsful of the potion. Then, halfway through the fourth goblet, he staggered and fell for\-ward against the basin. His eyes were still closed, his breathing heavy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore?\rdblquote  said Harry, his voice strained. \ldblquote Can you hear me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore did not answer. His face was twitching as though he was deeply asleep, but dreaming a horrible dream. His grip on the goblet was slackening; the potion was about to spill from it. Harry reached forward and grasped the crystal cup, holding it steady.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor, can you hear me?\rdblquote  he repeated loudly, his voice echo\-ing around the cavern.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore panted and then spoke in a voice Harry did not recognize, for he had never heard Dumbledore frightened like this.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Don\rquote t make me \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared into the whitened face he knew so well, at the crooked nose and half-moon spectacles, and did not know what to do.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 don\rquote t like \'85 want to stop \'85\rdblquote  moaned Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \'85 you can\rquote t stop, Professor,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You\rquote ve got to keep drinking, remember? You told me you had to keep drinking. Here \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hating himself, repulsed by what he was doing, Harry forced the goblet back toward Dumbledore\rquote s mouth and tipped it, so that Dumbledore drank the remainder of the potion inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85\rdblquote  he groaned, as Harry lowered the goblet back into the\lang3081  \lang1033 basin and refilled it for him. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want to. \'85 I don\rquote t want to. \'85 Let me go. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all right, Professor,\rdblquote  said Harry, his hand shaking. \ldblquote It\rquote s all right, I\rquote m here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Make it stop, make it stop,\rdblquote  moaned Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \'85 yes, this\rquote ll make it stop,\rdblquote  lied Harry. He tipped the con\-tents of the goblet into Dumbledore\rquote s open mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore screamed; the noise echoed all around the vast chamber, across the dead black water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, no, no, I can\rquote t, I can\rquote t, don\rquote t make me, I don\rquote t want to. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all right, Professor, it\rquote s all right!\rdblquote  said Harry loudly, his hands shaking so badly he could hardly scoop up the sixth goblet\-ful of potion; the basin was now half empty. \ldblquote Nothing\rquote s happening to you, you\rquote re safe, it isn\rquote t real, I swear it isn\rquote t real \emdash  take this, now, take this. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And obediently, Dumbledore drank, as though it was an anti\-dote Harry offered him, but upon draining the goblet, he sank to his knees, shaking uncontrollably.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all my fault, all my fault,\rdblquote  he sobbed. \ldblquote Please make it stop, I know I did wrong, oh please make it stop and I\rquote ll never, never again \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This will make it stop, Professor,\rdblquote  Harry said, his voice crack\-ing as he tipped the seventh glass of potion into Dumbledore\rquote s mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore began to cower as though invisible torturers sur\-rounded him; his flailing hand almost knocked the refilled goblet from Harry\rquote s trembling hands as he moaned, \ldblquote Don\rquote t hurt them, don\rquote t hurt them, please, please, it\rquote s my fault, hurt me instead \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here, drink this, drink this, you\rquote ll be all right,\rdblquote  said Harry des\-perately, and once again Dumbledore obeyed him, opening his mouth even as he kept his eyes tight shut and shook from head to foot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now he fell forward, screaming again, hammering his fists upon the ground, while Harry filled the ninth goblet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please, please, please, no \'85 not that, not that, I\rquote ll do any\-thing \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just drink, Professor, just drink \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore drank like a child dying of thirst, but when he had finished, he yelled again as though his insides were on fire. \ldblquote No more, please, no more \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry scooped up a tenth gobletful of potion and felt the crystal scrape the bottom of the basin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re nearly there, Professor. Drink this, drink it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He supported Dumbledore\rquote s shoulders and again, Dumbledore drained the glass; then Harry was on his feet once more, refilling the goblet as Dumbledore began to scream in more anguish than ever, \ldblquote I want to die! I want to die! Make it stop, make it stop, I want to die!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Drink this, Professor. Drink this. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore drank, and no sooner had he finished than he yelled, \ldblquote KILL ME!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This \emdash  this one will!\rdblquote  gasped Harry. \ldblquote Just drink this \'85 It\rquote ll be over \'85 all over!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore gulped at the goblet, drained every last drop, and then, with a great, rattling gasp, rolled over onto his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  shouted Harry, who had stood to refill the goblet again; instead he dropped the cup into the basin, flung himself down\lang3081  \lang1033 beside Dumbledore, and heaved him over onto his back; Dumble\-dore\rquote s glasses were askew, his mouth agape, his eyes closed. \ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking Dumbledore, \ldblquote no, you\rquote re not dead, you said it wasn\rquote t poison, wake up, wake up \emdash  \i Rennervate\i0 !\rdblquote  he cried, his wand pointing at Dumbledore\rquote s chest; there was a flash of red light but nothing happened. \i\ldblquote Rennervate\i0  \emdash  sir \emdash  please \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s eyelids flickered; Harry\rquote s heart leapt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir, are you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Water,\rdblquote  croaked Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Water,\rdblquote  panted Harry. \ldblquote Yes \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He leapt to his feet and seized the goblet he had dropped in the basin; he barely registered the golden locket lying curled beneath it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Aguamenti\i0 !\rdblquote  he shouted, jabbing the goblet with his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblet filled with clear water; Harry dropped to his knees beside Dumbledore, raised his head, and brought the glass to his lips \emdash  but it was empty. Dumbledore groaned and began to pant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I had some \emdash  wait \emdash  \i Aguamenti\i0 !\rdblquote  said Harry again, pointing his wand at the goblet. Once more, for a second, clear wa\-ter gleamed within it, but as he approached Dumbledore\rquote s mouth, the water vanished again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir, I\rquote m trying, I\rquote m trying!\rdblquote  said Harry desperately, but he did not think that Dumbledore could hear him; he had rolled onto his side and was drawing great, rattling breaths that sounded agoniz\-ing. \ldblquote\i Aguamenti\i0  \emdash  \i Aguamenti\i0  \emdash  \i AGUAMENTI\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblet filled and emptied once more. And now Dumble\-dore\rquote s breathing was fading. His brain whirling in panic, Harry knew, instinctively, the only way left to get water, because Volde\-mort had planned it so \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He flung himself over to the edge of the rock and plunged the\lang3081  \lang1033 goblet into the lake, bringing it up full to the brim of icy water that did not vanish.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir \emdash  here!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, and lunging forward, he tipped the water clumsily over Dumbledore\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was the best he could do, for the icy feeling on his arm not holding the cup was not the lingering chill of the water. A slimy white hand had gripped his wrist, and the creature to whom it be\-longed was pulling him, slowly, backward across the rock. The sur\-face of the lake was no longer mirror-smooth; it was churning, and everywhere Harry looked, white heads and hands were emerging from the dark water, men and women and children with sunken, sightless eyes were moving toward the rock: an army of the dead rising from the black water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Petrificus Totalus\i0 !\rdblquote  yelled Harry, struggling to cling to the smooth, soaked surface of the island as he pointed his wand at the Inferius that had his arm: It released him, falling backward into the water with a splash; he scrambled to his feet, but many more Inferi were already climbing onto the rock, their bony hands clawing at its slippery surface, their blank, frosted eyes upon him, trailing waterlogged rags, sunken faces leering.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Petrificus Totalus\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry bellowed again, backing away as he swiped his wand through the air; six or seven of them crumpled, but more were coming toward him. \ldblquote\i Impedimenta\i0 !\i  Incarcerous\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few of them stumbled, one or two of them bound in ropes, but those climbing onto the rock behind them merely stepped over or on the fallen bodies. Still slashing at the air with his wand, Harry yelled, \ldblquote\i Sectumsempra\i0 !\i  SECTUMSEMPRA\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But though gashes appeared in their sodden rags and their icy skin, they had no blood to spill: They walked on, unfeeling, their\lang3081  \lang1033 shrunken hands outstretched toward him, and as he backed away still farther, he felt arms enclose him from behind, thin, fleshless arms cold as death, and his feet left the ground as they lifted him and began to carry him, slowly and surely, back to the water, and he knew there would be no release, that he would be drowned, and become one more dead guardian of a fragment of Voldemort\rquote s shat\-tered soul. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But then, through the darkness, fire erupted: crimson and gold, a ring of fire that surrounded the rock so that the Inferi holding Harry so tightly stumbled and faltered; they did not dare pass through the flames to get to the water. They dropped Harry; he hit the ground, slipped on the rock, and fell, grazing his arms, but scrambled back up, raising his wand and staring around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore was on his feet again, pale as any of the surround\-ing Inferi, but taller than any too, the fire dancing in his eyes; his wand was raised like a torch and from its tip emanated the flames, like a vast lasso, encircling them all with warmth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Inferi bumped into each other, attempting, blindly, to es\-cape the fire in which they were enclosed. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore scooped the locket from the bottom of the stone basin and stowed it inside his robes. Wordlessly, he gestured to Harry to come to his side. Distracted by the flames, the Inferi seemed unaware that their quarry was leaving as Dumbledore led Harry back to the boat, the ring of fire moving with them, around them, the bewildered Inferi accompanying them to the water\rquote s edge, where they slipped gratefully back into their dark waters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who was shaking all over, thought for a moment that Dumbledore might not be able to climb into the boat; he staggered\lang3081  \lang1033 a little as he attempted it; all his efforts seemed to be going into maintaining the ring of protective flame around them. Harry seized him and helped him back to his seat. Once they were both safely jammed inside again, the boat began to move back across the black water, away from the rock, still encircled by that ring of fire, and it seemed that the Inferi swarming below them did not dare resurface.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir,\rdblquote  panted Harry, \ldblquote sir, I forgot \emdash  about fire \emdash  they were coming at me and I panicked \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quite understandable,\rdblquote  murmured Dumbledore. Harry was alarmed to hear how faint his voice was.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They reached the bank with a little bump and Harry leapt out, then turned quickly to help Dumbledore. The moment that Dum\-bledore reached the bank he let his wand hand fall; the ring of fire vanished, but the Inferi did not emerge again from the water. The little boat sank into the water once more; clanking and tinkling, its chain slithered back into the lake too. Dumbledore gave a great sigh and leaned against the cavern wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am weak. \'85\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry at once, anxious about Dumble\-dore\rquote s extreme pallor and by his air of exhaustion. \ldblquote Don\rquote t worry, I\rquote ll get us back. \'85 Lean on me, sir. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And pulling Dumbledore\rquote s uninjured arm around his shoulders, Harry guided his headmaster back around the lake, bearing most of his weight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The protection was \'85 after all \'85 well-designed,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore faintly. \ldblquote One alone could not have done it. \'85 You did well, very well, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t talk now,\rdblquote  said Harry, fearing how slurred Dumbledore\rquote s voice had become, how much his feet dragged. \ldblquote Save your energy, sir. \'85 We\rquote ll soon be out of here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The archway will have sealed again. \'85 My knife \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s no need, I got cut on the rock,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly. \ldblquote Just tell me where. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry wiped his grazed forearm upon the stone: Having re\-ceived its tribute of blood, the archway reopened instantly. They crossed the outer cave, and Harry helped Dumbledore back into the icy seawater that filled the crevice in the cliff.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s going to be all right, sir,\rdblquote  Harry said over and over again, more worried by Dumbledore\rquote s silence than he had been by his weakened voice. \ldblquote We\rquote re nearly there. \'85 I can Apparate us both back. \'85 Don\rquote t worry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am not worried, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. \ldblquote I am with you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 27\par
\pard\qc The Lightning-Struck Tower\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Once back under the starry sky, Harry heaved Dumbledore onto the top of the nearest boulder and then to his feet. Sodden and shivering, Dumbledore\rquote s weight still upon him, Harry concentrated harder than he had ever done upon his destination: Hogsmeade. Closing his eyes, gripping Dumbledore\rquote s arm as tightly as he could, he stepped forward into that feeling of horrible compression.\par
He knew it had worked before he opened his eyes: The smell of salt, the sea breeze had gone. He and Dumbledore were shivering and dripping in the middle of the dark High Street in Hogsmeade. For one horrible moment Harry\rquote s imagination showed him more Inferi creeping toward him around the sides of shops, but he blinked and saw that nothing was stirring; all was still, the darkness complete but for a few streetlamps and lit upper windows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We did it, Professor!\rdblquote  Harry whispered with difficulty; he\lang3081  \lang1033 suddenly realized that he had a searing stitch in his chest. \ldblquote We did it! We got the Horcrux!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore staggered against him. For a moment, Harry thought that his inexpert Apparition had thrown Dumbledore off balance; then he saw his face, paler and damper than ever in the distant light of a streetlamp.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir, are you all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been better,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore weakly, though the corners of his mouth twitched. \ldblquote That potion \'85 was no health drink. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And to Harry\rquote s horror, Dumbledore sank onto the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir \emdash  it\rquote s okay, sir, you\rquote re going to be all right, don\rquote t worry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around desperately for help, but there was nobody to be seen and all he could think was that he must somehow get Dumbledore quickly to the hospital wing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need to get you up to the school, sir. \'85 Madam Pom\-frey\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote It is \'85 Professor Snape whom I need. \'85 But I do not think \'85 I can walk very far just yet. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right \emdash  sir, listen \emdash  I\rquote m going to knock on a door, find a place you can stay \emdash  then I can run and get Madam \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore clearly. \ldblquote I need Severus. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right then, Snape \emdash  but I\rquote m going to have to leave you for a moment so I can \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before Harry could make a move, however, he heard running footsteps. His heart leapt: Somebody had seen, somebody knew they needed help \emdash  and looking around he saw Madam Rosmerta scurrying down the dark street toward them on high-heeled, fluffy slippers, wearing a silk dressing gown embroidered with dragons.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw you Apparate as I was pulling my bedroom curtains!\lang3081  \lang1033 Thank goodness, thank goodness, I couldn\rquote t think what to \emdash  but what\rquote s wrong with Albus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She came to a halt, panting, and stared down, wide-eyed, at Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s hurt,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Madam Rosmerta, can he come into the Three Broomsticks while I go up to the school and get help for him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t go up there alone! Don\rquote t you realize \emdash  haven\rquote t you seen \emdash  ?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you help me support him,\rdblquote  said Harry, not listening to her, \ldblquote I think we can get him inside \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What has happened?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore. \ldblquote Rosmerta, what\rquote s wrong?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The \emdash  the Dark Mark, Albus.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she pointed into the sky, in the direction of Hogwarts. Dread flooded Harry at the sound of the words. \'85 He turned and looked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There it was, hanging in the sky above the school: the blazing green skull with a serpent tongue, the mark Death Eaters left be\-hind whenever they had entered a building \'85 wherever they had murdered. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When did it appear?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore, and his hand clenched painfully upon Harry\rquote s shoulder as he struggled to his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Must have been minutes ago, it wasn\rquote t there when I put the cat out, but when I got upstairs \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need to return to the castle at once,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Rosmerta\rdblquote  \emdash  and though he staggered a little, he seemed wholly in command of the situation \emdash  \ldblquote we need transport \emdash  brooms \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got a couple behind the bar,\rdblquote  she said, looking very fright\-ened. \ldblquote Shall I run and fetch \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Harry can do it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry raised his wand at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Accio Rosmerta\rquote s Brooms\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A second later they heard a loud bang as the front door of the pub burst open; two brooms had shot out into the street and were racing each other to Harry\rquote s side, where they stopped dead, quiver\-ing slightly at waist height.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Rosmerta, please send a message to the Ministry,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore, as he mounted the broom nearest him. \ldblquote It might be that nobody within Hogwarts has yet realized anything is wrong. \'85 Harry, put on your Invisibility Cloak.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled his Cloak out of his pocket and threw it over him\-self before mounting his broom: Madam Rosmerta was already tottering back toward her pub as Harry and Dumbledore kicked off from the ground and rose up into the air. As they sped toward the castle, Harry glanced sideways at Dumbledore, ready to grab him should he fall, but the sight of the Dark Mark seemed to have acted upon Dumbledore like a stimulant: He was bent low over his broom, his eyes fixed upon the Mark, his long silver hair and beard flying behind him on the night air. And Harry too looked ahead at the skull, and fear swelled inside him like a venomous bubble, compressing his lungs, driving all other discomfort from his mind. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 How long had they been away? Had Ron, Hermione, and Ginny\rquote s luck run out by now? Was it one of them who had caused the Mark to be set over the school, or was it Neville, or Luna, or some other member of the D.A.? And if it was \'85 he was the one\lang3081  \lang1033 who had told them to patrol the corridors, he had asked them to leave the safety of their beds. \'85 Would he be responsible, again, for the death of a friend?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As they flew over the dark, twisting lane down which they had walked earlier, Harry heard, over the whistling of the night air in his ears, Dumbledore muttering in some strange language again. He thought he understood why as he felt his broom shudder when they flew over the boundary wall into the grounds: Dumbledore was undoing the enchantments he himself had set around the cas\-tle so they could enter at speed. The Dark Mark was glittering di\-rectly above the Astronomy Tower, the highest of the castle. Did that mean the death had occurred there?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore had already crossed the crenellated ramparts and was dismounting; Harry landed next to him seconds later and looked around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The ramparts were deserted. The door to the spiral staircase that led back into the castle was closed. There was no sign of a struggle, of a fight to the death, of a body.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What does it mean?\rdblquote  Harry asked Dumbledore, looking up at the green skull with its serpent\rquote s tongue glinting evilly above them. \ldblquote Is it the real Mark? Has someone definitely been \emdash  Professor?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In the dim green glow from the Mark, Harry saw Dumbledore clutching at his chest with his blackened hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go and wake Severus,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore faintly but clearly. \ldblquote Tell him what has happened and bring him to me. Do nothing else, speak to nobody else, and do not remove your cloak. I shall wait here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You swore to obey me, Harry \emdash  go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hurried over to the door leading to the spiral staircase, but his hand had only just closed upon the iron ring of the door when he heard running footsteps on the other side. He looked around at Dumbledore, who gestured him to retreat. Harry backed away, drawing his wand as he did so.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door burst open and somebody erupted through it and shouted, \ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s body became instantly rigid and immobile, and he felt himself fall back against the tower wall, propped like an unsteady statue, unable to move or speak. He could not understand how it had happened \emdash  \i Expelliarmus\i0  was not a Freezing Charm \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then, by the light of the Mark, he saw Dumbledore\rquote s wand fly\-ing in an arc over the edge of the ramparts and understood. \'85 Dumbledore had wordlessly immobilized Harry, and the second he had taken to perform the spell had cost him the chance of defend\-ing himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Standing against the ramparts, very white in the face, Dumble\-dore still showed no sign of panic or distress. He merely looked across at his disarmer and said, \ldblquote Good evening, Draco.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy stepped forward, glancing around quickly to check that he and Dumbledore were alone. His eyes fell upon the second broom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who else is here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A question I might ask you. Or are you acting alone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw Malfoy\rquote s pale eyes shift back to Dumbledore in the greenish glare of the Mark.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got backup. There are Death Eaters here in your school tonight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, well,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, as though Malfoy was showing\lang3081  \lang1033 him an ambitious homework project. \ldblquote Very good indeed. You found a way to let them in, did you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, who was panting. \ldblquote Right under your nose and you never realized!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ingenious,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Yet\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 forgive me \'85 where are they now? You seem unsupported.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They met some of your guards. They\rquote re having a fight down be\-low. They won\rquote t be long. \'85 I came on ahead. I \emdash  I\rquote ve got a job to do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, then, you must get on and do it, my dear boy,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore softly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence. Harry stood imprisoned within his own in\-visible, paralyzed body, staring at the two of them, his ears strain\-ing to hear sounds of the Death Eaters\rquote  distant fight, and in front of him, Draco Malfoy did nothing but stare at Albus Dumbledore, who, incredibly, smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Draco, Draco, you are not a killer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you know?\rdblquote  said Malfoy at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He seemed to realize how childish the words had sounded; Harry saw him flush in the Mark\rquote s greenish light.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t know what I\rquote m capable of,\rdblquote  said Malfoy more force\-fully. \ldblquote You don\rquote t know what I\rquote ve done!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, I do,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore mildly. \ldblquote You almost killed Katie Bell and Ronald Weasley. You have been trying, with increas\-ing desperation, to kill me all year. Forgive me, Draco, but they have been feeble attempts. \'85 So feeble, to be honest, that I won\-der whether your heart has been really in it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It has been in it!\rdblquote  said Malfoy vehemently. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been working on it all year, and tonight \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Somewhere in the depths of the castle below Harry heard a muf\-fled yell. Malfoy stiffened and glanced over his shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Somebody is putting up a good fight,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore con\-versationally. \ldblquote But you were saying \'85 yes, you have managed to introduce Death Eaters into my school, which, I admit, I thought impossible. \'85 How did you do it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Malfoy said nothing: He was still listening to whatever was happening below and seemed almost as paralyzed as Harry was.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perhaps you ought to get on with the job alone,\rdblquote  suggested Dumbledore. \ldblquote What if your backup has been thwarted by my guard? As you have perhaps realized, there are members of the Or\-der of the Phoenix here tonight too. And after all, you don\rquote t really need help. \'85 I have no wand at the moment. \'85 I cannot defend myself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy merely stared at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore kindly, when Malfoy neither moved nor spoke. \ldblquote You are afraid to act until they join you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not afraid!\rdblquote  snarled Malfoy, though he still made no move to hurt Dumbledore. \ldblquote It\rquote s you who should be scared!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why? I don\rquote t think you will kill me, Draco. Killing is not nearly as easy as the innocent believe. \'85 So tell me, while we wait for your friends \'85 how did you smuggle them in here? It seems to have taken you a long time to work out how to do it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy looked as though he was fighting down the urge to shout, or to vomit. He gulped and took several deep breaths, glar\-ing at Dumbledore, his wand pointing directly at the latter\rquote s heart. Then, as though he could not help himself, he said, \ldblquote I had to mend that broken Vanishing Cabinet that no one\rquote s used for years. The one Montague got lost in last year.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aaaah.\rdblquote  Dumbledore\rquote s sigh was half a groan. He closed his eyes for a moment. \ldblquote That was clever. \'85 There is a pair, I take it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In Borgin and Burkes,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, \ldblquote and they make a kind of passage between them. Montague told me that when he was stuck in the Hogwarts one, he was trapped in limbo but sometimes he could hear what was going on at school, and sometimes what was going on in the shop, as if the cabinet was traveling between them, but he couldn\rquote t make anyone hear him. \'85 In the end, he managed to Apparate out, even though he\rquote d never passed his test. He nearly died doing it. Everyone thought it was a really good story, but I was the only one who realized what it meant \emdash  even Borgin didn\rquote t know \emdash  I was the one who realized there could be a way into Hog\-warts through the cabinets if I fixed the broken one.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very good,\rdblquote  murmured Dumbledore. \ldblquote So the Death Eaters were able to pass from Borgin and Burkes into the school to help you. \'85 A clever plan, a very clever plan \'85 and, as you say, right under my nose.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, who bizarrely seemed to draw courage and comfort from Dumbledore\rquote s praise. \ldblquote Yeah, it was!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But there were times,\rdblquote  Dumbledore went on, \ldblquote weren\rquote t there, when you were not sure you would succeed in mending the cabi\-net? And you resorted to crude and badly judged measures such as sending me a cursed necklace that was bound to reach the wrong hands \'85 poisoning mead there was only the slightest chance I might drink. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, you still didn\rquote t realize who was behind that stuff, did you?\rdblquote  sneered Malfoy, as Dumbledore slid a little down the ram\-parts, the strength in his legs apparently fading, and Harry strug\-gled fruitlessly, mutely, against the enchantment binding him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As a matter of fact, I did,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I was sure it was you.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why didn\rquote t you stop me, then?\rdblquote  Malfoy demanded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I tried, Draco. Professor Snape has been keeping watch over you on my orders \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He hasn\rquote t been doing \i your\i0  orders, he promised my mother \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course that is what he would tell you, Draco, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s a double agent, you stupid old man, he isn\rquote t working for you, you just think he is!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We must agree to differ on that, Draco. It so happens that I trust Professor Snape \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you\rquote re losing your grip, then!\rdblquote  sneered Malfoy. \ldblquote He\rquote s been offering me plenty of help \emdash  wanting all the glory for himself\emdash  wanting a bit of the action \emdash  \lquote What are you doing?\rquote  \lquote Did you do the necklace, that was stupid, it could have blown everything \emdash\rquote  But I haven\rquote t told him what I\rquote ve been doing in the Room of Re\-quirement, he\rquote s going to wake up tomorrow and it\rquote ll all be over and he won\rquote t be the Dark Lord\rquote s favorite anymore, he\rquote ll be nothing compared to me, nothing!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very gratifying,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore mildly. \ldblquote We all like appreci\-ation for our own hard work, of course. But you must have had an accomplice, all the same \'85 someone in Hogsmeade, someone who was able to slip Katie the \emdash  the \emdash  aaaah \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore closed his eyes again and nodded, as though he was about to fall asleep. \ldblquote\'85 of course \'85 Rosmerta. How long has she been under the Imperius Curse?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Got there at last, have you?\rdblquote  Malfoy taunted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was another yell from below, rather louder than the last.\lang3081  \lang1033 Malfoy looked nervously over his shoulder again, then back at Dumbledore, who went on: \ldblquote So poor Rosmerta was forced to lurk in her own bathroom and pass that necklace to any Hogwarts stu\-dent who entered the room unaccompanied? And the poisoned mead \'85 well, naturally, Rosmerta was able to poison it for you before she sent the bottle to Slughorn, believing that it was to be my Christmas present. \'85 Yes, very neat \'85 very neat \'85 Poor Mr. Filch would not, of course, think to check a bottle of Rosmer\-ta\rquote s. Tell me, how have you been communicating with Rosmerta? I thought we had all methods of communication in and out of the school monitored.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Enchanted coins,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, as though he was compelled to keep talking, though his wand hand was shaking badly. \ldblquote I had one and she had the other and I could send her messages \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Isn\rquote t that the secret method of communication the group that called themselves Dumbledore\rquote s Army used last year?\rdblquote  asked Dum\-bledore. His voice was light and conversational, but Harry saw him slip an inch lower down the wall as he said it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I got the idea from them,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, with a twisted smile. \ldblquote I got the idea of poisoning the mead from the Mudblood Granger as well, I heard her talking in the library about Filch not recognizing potions.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please do not use that offensive word in front of me,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy gave a harsh laugh. \ldblquote You care about me saying \lquote Mud\-blood\rquote  when I\rquote m about to kill you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I do,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and Harry saw his feet slide a lit\-tle on the floor as he struggled to remain upright. \ldblquote But as for being\lang3081  \lang1033 about to kill me, Draco, you have had several long minutes now, we are quite alone, I am more defenseless than you can have dreamed of finding me, and still you have not acted. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy\rquote s mouth contorted involuntarily, as though he had tasted something very bitter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, about tonight,\rdblquote  Dumbledore went on, \ldblquote I am a little puzzled about how it happened. \'85 You knew that I had left the school? But of course,\rdblquote  he answered his own question, \ldblquote Rosmerta saw me leaving, she tipped you off using your ingenious coins, I\rquote m sure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote But she said you were just going for a drink, you\rquote d be back. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I certainly did have a drink \'85 and I came back \'85 after a fashion,\rdblquote  mumbled Dumbledore. \ldblquote So you decided to spring a trap for me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We decided to put the Dark Mark over the tower and get you to hurry up here, to see who\rquote d been killed,\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote And it worked!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \'85 yes and no \'85\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote But am I to take it, then, that nobody has been murdered?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Someone\rquote s dead,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, and his voice seemed to go up an octave as he said it. \ldblquote One of your people \'85 I don\rquote t know who, it was dark. \'85 I stepped over the body. \'85 I was supposed to be waiting up here when you got back, only your Phoenix lot got in the way. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, they do that,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a bang and shouts from below, louder than ever; it sounded as though people were fighting on the actual spiral stair\-case that led to where Dumbledore, Malfoy, and Harry stood, and\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart thundered unheard in his invisible chest. \'85 Some\-one was dead. \'85 Malfoy had stepped over the body \'85 but who was it?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is little time, one way or another,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote So let us discuss your options, Draco.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i My\i0  options!\rdblquote  said Malfoy loudly. \ldblquote I\rquote m standing here with a wand \emdash  I\rquote m about to kill you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear boy, let us have no more pretense about that. If you were going to kill me, you would have done it when you first dis\-armed me, you would not have stopped for this pleasant chat about ways and means.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t got any options!\rdblquote  said Malfoy, and he was suddenly white as Dumbledore. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got to do it! He\rquote ll kill me! He\rquote ll kill my whole family!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I appreciate the difficulty of your position,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Why else do you think I have not confronted you before now? Be\-cause I knew that you would have been murdered if Lord Volde\-mort realized that I suspected you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy winced at the sound of the name.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did not dare speak to you of the mission with which I knew you had been entrusted, in case he used Legilimency against you,\rdblquote  continued Dumbledore. \ldblquote But now at last we can speak plainly to each other. \'85 No harm has been done, you have hurt nobody, though you are very lucky that your unintentional victims sur\-vived. \'85 I can help you, Draco.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, you can\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, his wand hand shaking very badly indeed. \ldblquote Nobody can. He told me to do it or he\rquote ll kill me. I\rquote ve got no choice.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come over to the\lang3081  \lang1033 right side, Draco, and we can hide you more completely than you can possibly imagine. What is more, I can send members of the Order to your mother tonight to hide her like\-wise. Your father is safe at the moment in Azkaban. \'85 When the time comes, we can protect him too. Come over to the right side, Draco \'85 you are not a killer. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy stared at Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I got this far, didn\rquote t I?\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote They thought I\rquote d die in the attempt, but I\rquote m here \'85 and you\rquote re in my power. \'85 I\rquote m the one with the wand. \'85 You\rquote re at my mercy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Draco,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote It is my mercy, and not yours, that matters now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy did not speak. His mouth was open, his wand hand still trembling. Harry thought he saw it drop by a fraction \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But suddenly footsteps were thundering up the stairs, and a sec\-ond later Malfoy was buffeted out of the way as four people in black robes burst through the door onto the ramparts. Still para\-lyzed, his eyes staring unblinkingly, Harry gazed in terror upon four strangers: It seemed the Death Eaters had won the fight below.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A lumpy-looking man with an odd lopsided leer gave a wheezy giggle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore cornered!\rdblquote  he said, and he turned to a stocky little woman who looked as though she could be his sister and who was grinning eagerly. \ldblquote Dumbledore wandless, Dumbledore alone! Well done, Draco, well done!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good evening, Amycus,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly, as though welcoming the man to a tea party. \ldblquote And you\rquote ve brought Alecto too. \'85 Charming \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The woman gave an angry little titter. \ldblquote Think your little jokes\rquote ll help you on your deathbed then?\rdblquote  she jeered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Jokes? No, no, these are manners,\rdblquote  replied Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do it,\rdblquote  said the stranger standing nearest to Harry, a big, rangy man with matted gray hair and whiskers, whose black Death Eater\rquote s robes looked uncomfortably tight. He had a voice like none that Harry had ever heard: a rasping bark of a voice. Harry could smell a powerful mixture of dirt, sweat, and, unmistakably, of blood coming from him. His filthy hands had long yellowish nails.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is that you, Fenrir?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  rasped the other. \ldblquote Pleased to see me, Dumbledore?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I cannot say that I am.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Greyback grinned, showing pointed teeth. Blood trickled down his chin and he licked his lips slowly, obscenely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you know how much I like kids, Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Am I to take it that you are attacking even without the full moon now? This is most unusual. \'85 You have developed a taste for human flesh that cannot be satisfied once a month?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Fenrir Greyback. \ldblquote Shocks you that, does it, Dumbledore? Frightens you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I cannot pretend it does not disgust me a little,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote And, yes, I am a little shocked that Draco here in\-vited you, of all people, into the school where his friends live. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  breathed Malfoy. He was not looking at Fenrir; he did not seem to want to even glance at him. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t know he was go\-ing to come \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t want to miss a trip to Hogwarts, Dumbledore,\rdblquote  rasped Greyback. \ldblquote Not when there are throats to be ripped out\'85 Delicious, delicious \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he raised a yellow fingernail and picked at his front teeth, leering at Dumbledore. \ldblquote I could do you for afters, Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said the fourth Death Eater sharply. He had a heavy, bru\-tal-looking face. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got orders. Draco\rquote s got to do it. Now, Draco, and quickly.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy was showing less resolution than ever. He looked terri\-fied as he stared into Dumbledore\rquote s face, which was even paler, and rather lower than usual, as he had slid so far down the rampart wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s not long for this world anyway, if you ask me!\rdblquote  said the lopsided man, to the accompaniment of his sister\rquote s wheezing gig\-gles. \ldblquote Look at him \emdash  what\rquote s happened to you, then, Dumby?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, weaker resistance, slower reflexes, Amycus,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore. \ldblquote Old age, in short\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 One day, perhaps, it will happen to you \'85 if you are lucky. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that mean, then, what\rquote s that mean?\rdblquote  yelled the Death Eater, suddenly violent. \ldblquote Always the same, weren\rquote t yeh, Dumby, talking and doing nothing, nothing. I don\rquote t even know why the Dark Lord\rquote s bothering to kill yer! Come on, Draco, do it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But at that moment there were renewed sounds of scuffling from below and a voice shouted, \ldblquote\i They\rquote ve blocked the stairs \i0\emdash  \i Reducto\i0 ! \i REDUCTO\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart leapt: So these four had not eliminated all opposi\-tion, but merely broken through the fight to the top of the tower, and, by the sound of it, created a barrier behind them \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, Draco, quickly!\rdblquote  said the brutal-faced man angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Malfoy\rquote s hand was shaking so badly that he could barely aim.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll do it,\rdblquote  snarled Fenrir, moving toward Dumbledore with his hands outstretched, his teeth bared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I said no!\rdblquote  shouted the brutal-faced man; there was a flash of light and the werewolf was blasted out of the way; he hit the ram\-parts and staggered, looking furious. Harry\rquote s heart was hammering so hard it seemed impossible that nobody could hear him standing there, imprisoned by Dumbledore\rquote s spell \emdash  if he could only move, he could aim a curse from under the cloak \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Draco, do it or stand aside so one of us \emdash\rdblquote  screeched the woman, but at that precise moment, the door to the ramparts burst open once more and there stood Snape, his wand clutched in his hand as his black eyes swept the scene, from Dumbledore slumped against the wall, to the four Death Eaters, including the enraged werewolf, and Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve got a problem, Snape,\rdblquote  said the lumpy Amycus, whose eyes and wand were fixed alike upon Dumbledore, \ldblquote the boy doesn\rquote t seem able \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But somebody else had spoken Snape\rquote s name, quite softly.\par
\ldblquote Severus \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sound frightened Harry beyond anything he had experi\-enced all evening. For the first time, Dumbledore was pleading.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape said nothing, but walked forward and pushed Malfoy roughly out of the way. The three Death Eaters fell back without a word. Even the werewolf seemed cowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape gazed for a moment at Dumbledore, and there was revul\-sion and hatred etched in the harsh lines of his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus \'85 please \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape raised his wand and pointed it directly at Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Avada Kedavra\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A jet of green light shot from the end of Snape\rquote s wand and hit Dumbledore squarely in the chest. Harry\rquote s scream of horror never left him; silent and unmoving, he was forced to watch as Dumble\-dore was blasted into the air. For a split second, he seemed to hang suspended beneath the shining skull, and then he fell slowly back\-ward, like a great rag doll, over the battlements and out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 28\par
\pard\qc Flight of The Prince\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry felt as though he too were hurtling through space; \i it had not happened. \'85\i0  \i It could not have happened. \'85\i0\par
\ldblquote Out of here, quickly,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He seized Malfoy by the scruff of the neck and forced him through the door ahead of the rest; Greyback and the squat brother and sister followed, the latter both panting excitedly. As they van\-ished through the door, Harry realized he could move again. What was now holding him paralyzed against the wall was not magic, but horror and shock. He threw the Invisibility Cloak aside as the bru\-tal-faced Death Eater, last to leave the tower top, was disappearing through the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Petrificus Totalus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Death Eater buckled as though hit in the back with some\-thing solid and fell to the ground, rigid as a waxwork, but he had barely hit the floor when Harry was clambering over him and run\-ning down the darkened staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Terror tore at Harry\rquote s heart. \'85 He had to get to Dumbledore and he had to catch Snape. \'85 Somehow the two things were linked. \'85 He could reverse what had happened if he had them both together. \'85 Dumbledore could not have died. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He leapt the last ten steps of the spiral staircase and stopped where he landed, his wand raised: The dimly lit corridor was full of dust; half the ceiling seemed to have fallen in; and a battle was rag\-ing before him, but even as he attempted to make out who was fighting whom, he heard the hated voice shout, \ldblquote\i It\rquote s over, time to go\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 and saw Snape disappearing around the corner at the far end of the corridor; he and Malfoy seemed to have forced their way through the fight unscathed. As Harry plunged after them, one of the fighters detached themselves from the fray and flew at him: It was the werewolf, Fenrir. He was on top of Harry before Harry could raise his wand: Harry fell backward, with filthy matted hair in his face, the stench of sweat and blood filling his nose and mouth, hot greedy breath at his throat \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Petrificus Totalus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt Fenrir collapse against him; with a stupendous effort he pushed the werewolf off and onto the floor as a jet of green light came flying toward him; he ducked and ran, headfirst, into the fight. His feet met something squashy and slippery on the floor and he stumbled: There were two bodies lying there, lying facedown in a pool of blood, but there was no time to investigate. Harry now saw red hair flying like flames in front of him: Ginny was locked in combat with the lumpy Death Eater, Amycus, who was throwing hex after hex at her while she dodged them: Amycus was giggling, enjoying the sport: \ldblquote\i Crucio\i0  \emdash  \i Crucio\i0  \emdash  you can\rquote t dance forever, pretty \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Impedimenta\i0 !\rdblquote  yelled Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His jinx hit Amycus in the chest: He gave a piglike squeal of pain, was lifted off his feet and slammed into the opposite wall, slid down it, and fell out of sight behind Ron, Professor McGonagall, and Lupin, each of whom was battling a separate Death Eater. Be\-yond them, Harry saw Tonks fighting an enormous blond wizard who was sending curses flying in all directions, so that they rico\-cheted off the walls around them, cracking stone, shattering the nearest window \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, where did you come from?\rdblquote  Ginny cried, but there was no time to answer her. He put his head down and sprinted forward, narrowly avoiding a blast that erupted over his head, showering them all in bits of wall. Snape must not escape, he must catch up with Snape \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take \i that\i0 !\rdblquote  shouted Professor McGonagall, and Harry glimpsed the female Death Eater, Alecto, sprinting away down the corridor with her arms over her head, her brother right behind her. He launched himself after them but his foot caught on something, and next moment he was lying across someone\rquote s legs. Looking around, he saw Neville\rquote s pale, round face flat against the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville, are you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote M\rquote all right,\rdblquote  muttered Neville, who was clutching his stomach, \ldblquote Harry \'85 Snape \rquote n\rquote  Malfoy \'85 ran past\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, I\rquote m on it!\rdblquote  said Harry, aiming a hex from the floor at the enormous blond Death Eater who was causing most of the chaos. The man gave a howl of pain as the spell hit him in the face: He wheeled around, staggered, and then pounded away after the brother and sister. Harry scrambled up from the floor and began to sprint along the corridor, ignoring the bangs issuing from behind\lang3081  \lang1033 him, the yells of the others to come back, and the mute call of the figures on the ground whose fate he did not yet know. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He skidded around the corner, his trainers slippery with blood; Snape had an immense head start. Was it possible that he had al\-ready entered the cabinet in the Room of Requirement, or had the Order made steps to secure it, to prevent the Death Eaters retreat\-ing that way? He could hear nothing but his own pounding feet, his own hammering heart as he sprinted along the next empty cor\-ridor, but then spotted a bloody footprint that showed at least one of the fleeing Death Eaters was heading toward the front doors \emdash  perhaps the Room of Requirement was indeed blocked \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He skidded around another corner and a curse flew past him; he dived behind a suit of armor that exploded. He saw the brother and sister running down the marble staircase ahead and aimed jinxes at them, but merely hit several bewigged witches in a portrait on the landing, who ran screeching into neighboring paintings. As he leapt the wreckage of armor, Harry heard more shouts and screams; other people within the castle seemed to have awoken. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pelted toward a shortcut, hoping to overtake the brother and sister and close in on Snape and Malfoy, who must surely have reached the grounds by now. Remembering to leap the vanishing step halfway down the concealed staircase, he burst through a tapestry at the bottom and out into a corridor where a number of bewildered and pajama-clad Hufflepuffs stood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! We heard a noise, and someone said something about the Dark Mark \emdash\rdblquote  began Ernie Macmillan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Out of the way!\rdblquote  yelled Harry, knocking two boys aside as he sprinted toward the landing and down the remainder of the marble staircase. The oak front doors had been blasted open, there were\lang3081  \lang1033 smears of blood on the flagstones, and several terrified students stood huddled against the walls, one or two still cowering with their arms over their faces. The giant Gryffindor hourglass had been hit by a curse, and the rubies within were still falling, with a loud rattle, onto the flagstones below.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry flew across the entrance hall and out into the dark grounds: He could just make out three figures racing across the lawn, heading for the gates beyond which they could Disapparate \emdash  by the looks of them, the huge blond Death Eater and, some way ahead of him, Snape and Malfoy \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The cold night air ripped at Harry\rquote s lungs as he tore after them; he saw a flash of light in the distance that momentarily silhouetted his quarry. He did not know what it was but continued to run, not yet near enough to get a good aim with a curse \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Another flash, shouts, retaliatory jets of light, and Harry under\-stood: Hagrid had emerged from his cabin and was trying to stop the Death Eaters escaping, and though every breath seemed to shred his lungs and the stitch in his chest was like fire, Harry sped up as an unbidden voice in his head said: \i not Hagrid\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 not Ha\-grid too\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something caught Harry hard in the small of the back and he fell forward, his face smacking the ground, blood pouring out of both nostrils: He knew, even as he rolled over, his wand ready, that the brother and sister he had overtaken using his shortcut were closing in behind him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Impedimenta\i0 !\rdblquote  he yelled as he rolled over again, crouching close to the dark ground, and miraculously his jinx hit one of them, who stumbled and fell, tripping up the other; Harry leapt to his feet and sprinted on after Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now he saw the vast outline of Hagrid, illuminated by the light of the crescent moon revealed suddenly behind clouds; the blond Death Eater was aiming curse after curse at the gamekeeper; but Hagrid\rquote s immense strength and the toughened skin he had in\-herited from his giantess mother seemed to be protecting him. Snape and Malfoy, however, were still running; they would soon be beyond the gates, able to Disapparate \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tore past Hagrid and his opponent, took aim at Snape\rquote s back, and yelled, \ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He missed; the jet of red light soared past Snape\rquote s head; Snape shouted, \ldblquote\i Run, Draco\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 and turned. Twenty yards apart, he and Harry looked at each other before raising their wands simultaneously.\par
\ldblquote\i Cruc\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Snape parried the curse, knocking Harry backward off his feet before he could complete it; Harry rolled over and scrambled back up again as the huge Death Eater behind him yelled, \ldblquote\i Incen\-dio\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry heard an explosive bang and a dancing orange light spilled over all of them: Hagrid\rquote s house was on fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fang\rquote s in there, yer evil \emdash  !\rdblquote  Hagrid bellowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Cruc\i0  \emdash\rdblquote  yelled Harry for the second time, aiming for the fig\-ure ahead illuminated in the dancing firelight, but Snape blocked the spell again. Harry could see him sneering.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No Unforgivable Curses from you, Potter!\rdblquote  he shouted over the rushing of the flames, Hagrid\rquote s yells, and the wild yelping of the trapped Fang. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t got the nerve or the ability \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Incarc\i0  \emdash\rdblquote  Harry roared, but Snape deflected the spell with an almost lazy flick of his arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fight back!\rdblquote  Harry screamed at him. \ldblquote Fight back, you cow\-ardly \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Coward, did you call me, Potter?\rdblquote  shouted Snape. \ldblquote Your father would never attack me unless it was four on one, what would you call him, I wonder?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Stupe\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blocked again and again and again until you learn to keep your mouth shut and your mind closed, Potter!\rdblquote  sneered Snape, deflect\-ing the curse once more. \ldblquote Now \i come\i0 !\rdblquote  he shouted at the huge Death Eater behind Harry. \ldblquote It is time to be gone, before the Min\-istry turns up \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Impedi\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But before he could finish this jinx, excruciating pain hit Harry; he keeled over in the grass. Someone was screaming, he would surely die of this agony, Snape was going to torture him to death or madness \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  roared Snape\rquote s voice and the pain stopped as suddenly as it had started; Harry lay curled on the dark grass, clutching his wand and panting; somewhere overhead Snape was shouting, \ldblquote Have you forgotten our orders? Potter belongs to the Dark Lord \emdash  we are to leave him! Go! Go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Harry felt the ground shudder under his face as the brother and sister and the enormous Death Eater obeyed, running toward the gates. Harry uttered an inarticulate yell of rage: In that instant, he cared not whether he lived or died. Pushing himself to his feet again, he staggered blindly toward Snape, the man he now hated as much as he hated Voldemort himself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Sectum\i0  \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape flicked his wand and the curse was repelled yet again; but Harry was mere feet away now and he could see Snape\rquote s face clearly at last: He was no longer sneering or jeering; the blazing flames\lang3081  \lang1033 showed a face full of rage. Mustering all his powers of concentra\-tion, Harry thought, \i Levi\i0  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Potter!\rdblquote  screamed Snape. There was a loud BANG and Harry was soaring backward, hitting the ground hard again, and this time his wand flew out of his hand. He could hear Hagrid yelling and Fang howling as Snape closed in and looked down on him where he lay, wandless and defenseless as Dumbledore had been. Snape\rquote s pale face, illuminated by the flaming cabin, was suf\-fused with hatred just as it had been before he had cursed Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You dare use my own spells against me, Potter? It was I who in\-vented them \emdash  I, the Half-Blood Prince! And you\rquote d turn my in\-ventions on me, like your filthy father, would you? I don\rquote t think so \'85 \i no\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had dived for his wand; Snape shot a hex at it and it flew feet away into the darkness and out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kill me then,\rdblquote  panted Harry, who felt no fear at all, but only rage and contempt. \ldblquote Kill me like you killed him, you coward \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DON\rquote T\emdash\rdblquote  screamed Snape, and his face was suddenly de\-mented, inhuman, as though he was in as much pain as the yelp\-ing, howling dog stuck in the burning house behind them \emdash  \ldblquote CALL ME COWARD!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he slashed at the air: Harry felt a white-hot, whiplike some\-thing hit him across the face and was slammed backward into the ground. Spots of light burst in front of his eyes and for a moment all the breath seemed to have gone from his body, then he heard a rush of wings above him and something enormous obscured the stars. Buckbeak had flown at Snape, who staggered backward as the razor-sharp claws slashed at him. As Harry raised himself into a sit\-ting position, his head still swimming from its last contact with the ground, he saw Snape running as hard as he could, the enormous beast flapping behind him and screeching as Harry had never heard him screech \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry struggled to his feet, looking around groggily for his wand, hoping to give chase again, but even as his fingers fumbled in the grass, discarding twigs, he knew it would be too late, and sure enough, by the time he had located his wand, he turned only to see the hippogriff circling the gates. Snape had managed to Dis\-apparate just beyond the school\rquote s boundaries.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid,\rdblquote  muttered Harry, still dazed, looking around. \ldblquote HAGRID?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stumbled toward the burning house as an enormous figure emerged from out of the flames carrying Fang on his back. With a cry of thankfulness, Harry sank to his knees; he was shaking in every limb, his body ached all over, and his breath came in painful stabs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh all righ\rquote , Harry? Yeh all righ\rquote ? Speak ter me, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\par
Hagrid\rquote s huge, hairy face was swimming above Harry, blocking out the stars. Harry could smell burnt wood and dog hair; he put out a hand and felt Fang\rquote s reassuringly warm and alive body quiv\-ering beside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m all right,\rdblquote  panted Harry. \ldblquote Are you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Course I am \'85 take more\rquote n that ter finish me.\rdblquote\par
Hagrid put his hands under Harry\rquote s arms and raised him up with such force that Harry\rquote s feet momentarily left the ground be\-fore Hagrid set him upright again. He could see blood trickling down Hagrid\rquote s cheek from a deep cut under one eye, which was swelling rapidly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We should put out your house,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote the charm\rquote s \lquote Agua\-menti\rquote  \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Knew it was summat like that,\rdblquote  mumbled Hagrid, and he raised a smoldering pink, flowery umbrella and said, \ldblquote\i Aguamenti\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A jet of water flew out of the umbrella tip. Harry raised his wand arm, which felt like lead, and murmured \ldblquote\i Aguamenti\i0\rdblquote  too: To\-gether, he and Hagrid poured water on the house until the last flame was extinguished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote S\rquote not too bad,\rdblquote  said Hagrid hopefully a few minutes later, look\-ing at the smoking wreck. \ldblquote Nothin\rquote  Dumbledore won\rquote  be able to put righ\rquote  \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a searing pain in his stomach at the sound of the name. In the silence and the stillness, horror rose inside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was bindin\rquote  up a couple o\rquote  bowtruckle legs when I heard \rquote em comin\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid sadly, still staring at his wrecked cabin. \ldblquote They\rquote ll\rquote ve bin burnt ter twigs, poor little things. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what happened, Harry? I jus\rquote  saw them Death Eaters run\-nin\rquote  down from the castle, but what the ruddy hell was Snape doin\rquote  with \rquote em? Where\rquote s he gone \emdash  was he chasin\rquote  them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He \'85\rdblquote  Harry cleared his throat; it was dry from panic and the smoke. \ldblquote Hagrid, he killed \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Killed?\rdblquote  said Hagrid loudly, staring down at Harry. \ldblquote Snape killed? What\rquote re yeh on abou\rquote , Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Snape killed \'85 Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid simply looked at him, the little of his face that could be seen completely blank, uncomprehending.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore wha\rquote , Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s dead. Snape killed him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote  say that,\rdblquote  said Hagrid roughly. \ldblquote Snape kill Dumble\-dore \emdash  don\rquote  be stupid, Harry. Wha\rquote s made yeh say tha\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw it happen.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh couldn\rquote  have.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw it, Hagrid.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid shook his head; his expression was disbelieving but sym\-pathetic, and Harry knew that Hagrid thought he had sustained a blow to the head, that he was confused, perhaps by the aftereffects of a jinx. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What musta happened was, Dumbledore musta told Snape ter go with them Death Eaters,\rdblquote  Hagrid said confidently. \ldblquote I suppose he\rquote s gotta keep his cover. Look, let\rquote s get yeh back up ter the school. Come on, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not attempt to argue or explain. He was still shaking uncontrollably. Hagrid would find out soon enough, too soon. \'85 As they directed their steps back toward the castle, Harry saw that many of its windows were lit now. He could imagine, clearly, the scenes inside as people moved from room to room, telling each other that Death Eaters had got in, that the Mark was shining over Hogwarts, that somebody must have been killed. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The oak front doors stood open ahead of them, light flooding out onto the drive and the lawn. Slowly, uncertainly, dressing-gowned people were creeping down the steps, looking around nervously for some sign of the Death Eaters who had fled into the night. Harry\rquote s eyes, however, were fixed upon the ground at the foot of the tallest tower. He imagined that he could see a black, huddled mass lying in the grass there, though he was really too far away to see anything of the sort. Even as he stared wordlessly at the place where he thought\lang3081  \lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s body must lie, however, he saw people beginning to move toward it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote re they all lookin\rquote  at?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, as he and Harry ap\-proached the castle front, Fang keeping as close as he could to their ankles. \ldblquote Wha\rquote s tha\rquote , lyin\rquote  on the grass?\rdblquote  Hagrid added sharply, heading now toward the foot of the Astronomy Tower, where a small crowd was congregating. \ldblquote See it, Harry? Righ\rquote  at the foot o\rquote  the tower? Under where the Mark\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Blimey\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 yeh don\rquote  think someone got thrown \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid fell silent, the thought apparently too horrible to express aloud. Harry walked alongside him, feeling the aches and pains in his face and his legs where the various hexes of the last half hour had hit him, though in an oddly detached way, as though some\-body near him was suffering them. What was real and inescapable was the awful pressing feeling in his chest. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and Hagrid moved, dreamlike, through the murmuring crowd to the very front, where the dumbstruck students and teach\-ers had left a gap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry heard Hagrid\rquote s moan of pain and shock, but he did not stop; he walked slowly forward until he reached the place where Dumbledore lay and crouched down beside him. He had known there was no hope from the moment that the full Body-Bind Curse Dumbledore had placed upon him lifted, known that it could have happened only because its caster was dead, but there was still no preparation for seeing him here, spread-eagled, broken: the greatest wizard Harry had ever, or would ever, meet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s eyes were closed; but for the strange angle of his arms and legs, he might have been sleeping. Harry reached out, straightened the half-moon spectacles upon the crooked nose, and\lang3081  \lang1033 wiped a trickle of blood from the mouth with his own sleeve. Then he gazed down at the wise old face and tried to absorb the enor\-mous and incomprehensible truth: that never again would Dum\-bledore speak to him, never again could he help. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The crowd murmured behind Harry. After what seemed like a long time, he became aware that he was kneeling upon something hard and looked down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The locket they had managed to steal so many hours before had fallen out of Dumbledore\rquote s pocket. It had opened, perhaps due to the force with which it hit the ground. And although he could not feel more shock or horror or sadness than he felt already, Harry knew, as he picked it up, that there was something wrong. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned the locket over in his hands. This was neither as large as the locket he remembered seeing in the Pensieve, nor were there any markings upon it, no sign of the ornate \i S \i0 that was supposed to be Slytherin\rquote s mark. Moreover, there was nothing inside but for a scrap of folded parchment wedged tightly into the place where a portrait should have been.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Automatically, without really thinking about what he was doing, Harry pulled out the fragment of parchment, opened it, and read by the light of the many wands that had now been lit behind him:\par
\par
\pard\qc\i To\lang3081  the Dark Lord\par
\lang1033 I\lang3081  know I will be dead long before you read this\par
\lang1033 but\lang3081  I want you to know that it was I who discovered your secret\lang1033 .\lang3081\par
\lang1033 I\lang3081  have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can\lang1033 .\lang3081\par
\lang1033 I\lang3081  face death in the hope that when you meet your match\lang1033 ,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 you\lang3081  will be mortal once more\lang1033 .\lang3081\par
\lang1033 R.A.B.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
Harry neither knew nor cared what the message meant. Only one thing mattered: This was not a Horcrux. Dumbledore had weakened himself by drinking that terrible potion for nothing. Harry crumpled the parchment in his hand, and his eyes burned with tears as behind him Fang began to howl.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 29\par
\pard\qc The Phoenix Lament\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote C\rquote mere, Harry \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh can\rquote  stay here, Harry. \'85 Come on, now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not want to leave Dumbledore\rquote s side, he did not want to move anywhere. Hagrid\rquote s hand on his shoulder was trembling. Then another voice said, \ldblquote Harry, come on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A much smaller and warmer hand had enclosed his and was pulling him upward. He obeyed its pressure without really thinking about it. Only as he walked blindly back through the crowd did he realize, from a trace of flowery scent on the air, that it was Ginny who was leading him back into the castle. Incomprehensible voices battered him, sobs and shouts and wails stabbed the night, but Harry and Ginny walked on, back up the steps into the entrance hall. Faces swam on the edges of Harry\rquote s vision, people were peering\lang3081  \lang1033 at him, whispering, wondering, and Gryffindor rubies glistened on the floor like drops of blood as they made their way toward the marble staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re going to the hospital wing,\rdblquote  said Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not hurt,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s McGonagall\rquote s orders,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote Everyone\rquote s up there, Ron and Hermione and Lupin and everyone \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fear stirred in Harry\rquote s chest again: He had forgotten the inert figures he had left behind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny, who else is dead?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry, none of us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But the Dark Mark \emdash  Malfoy said he stepped over a body \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He stepped over Bill, but it\rquote s all right, he\rquote s alive.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was something in her voice, however, that Harry knew boded ill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you sure?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I\rquote m sure \'85 he\rquote s a \emdash  a bit of a mess, that\rquote s all. Grey\-back attacked him. Madam Pomfrey says he won\rquote t \emdash  won\rquote t look the same anymore. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny\rquote s voice trembled a little.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We don\rquote t really know what the aftereffects will be \emdash  I mean, Greyback being a werewolf, but not transformed at the time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But the others \'85 There were other bodies on the ground. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville and Professor Flitwick are both hurt, but Madam Pom\-frey says they\rquote ll be all right. And a Death Eater\rquote s dead, he got hit by a Killing Curse that huge blond one was firing off everywhere \emdash  Harry, if we hadn\rquote t had your Felix potion, I think we\rquote d all have been killed, but everything seemed to just miss us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had reached the hospital wing. Pushing open the doors, Harry saw Neville lying, apparently asleep, in a bed near the door. Ron, Hermione, Luna, Tonks, and Lupin were gathered around another bed near the far end of the ward. At the sound of the doors opening, they all looked up. Hermione ran to Harry and hugged him; Lupin moved forward too, looking anxious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you all right, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m fine. \'85 How\rquote s Bill?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody answered. Harry looked over Hermione\rquote s shoulder and saw an unrecognizable face lying on Bill\rquote s pillow, so badly slashed and ripped that he looked grotesque. Madam Pomfrey was dabbing at his wounds with some harsh-smelling green ointment. Harry re\-membered how Snape had mended Malfoy\rquote s \i Sectumsempra\i0  wounds so easily with his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t you fix them with a charm or something?\rdblquote  he asked the matron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No charm will work on these,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey. \ldblquote I\rquote ve tried everything I know, but there is no cure for werewolf bites.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he wasn\rquote t bitten at the full moon,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was gaz\-ing down into his brother\rquote s face as though he could somehow force him to mend just by staring. \ldblquote Greyback hadn\rquote t transformed, so surely Bill won\rquote t be a \emdash  a real \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked uncertainly at Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t think that Bill will be a true werewolf,\rdblquote  said Lupin, \ldblquote but that does not mean that there won\rquote t be some contamination. Those are cursed wounds. They are unlikely ever to heal fully, and \emdash  and Bill might have some wolfish characteristics from now on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore might know something that\rquote d work, though,\rdblquote  Ron said. \ldblquote Where is he? Bill fought those maniacs on Dumble\-dore\rquote s orders, Dumbledore owes him, he can\rquote t leave him in this state \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron \emdash  Dumbledore\rquote s dead,\rdblquote  said Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  Lupin looked wildly from Ginny to Harry, as though hoping the latter might contradict her, but when Harry did not, Lupin collapsed into a chair beside Bill\rquote s bed, his hands over his face. Harry had never seen Lupin lose control before; he felt as though he was intruding upon something private, indecent. He turned away and caught Ron\rquote s eye instead, exchanging in silence a look that confirmed what Ginny had said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did he die?\rdblquote  whispered Tonks. \ldblquote How did it happen?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape killed him,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I was there, I saw it. We arrived back on the Astronomy Tower because that\rquote s where the Mark was. \'85 Dumbledore was ill, he was weak, but I think he realized it was a trap when we heard footsteps running up the stairs. He immobi\-lized me, I couldn\rquote t do anything, I was under the Invisibility Cloak \emdash  and then Malfoy came through the door and disarmed him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione clapped her hands to her mouth and Ron groaned. Luna\rquote s mouth trembled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  more Death Eaters arrived \emdash  and then Snape \emdash  and Snape did it. The \i Avada Kedavra.\i0\rdblquote  Harry couldn\rquote t go on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Pomfrey burst into tears. Nobody paid her any atten\-tion except Ginny, who whispered, \ldblquote Shh! Listen!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Gulping, Madam Pomfrey pressed her fingers to her mouth, her eyes wide. Somewhere out in the darkness, a phoenix was singing in a way Harry had never heard before: a stricken lament of terri\-ble beauty. And Harry felt, as he had felt about phoenix song before, that the music was inside him, not without: It was his own grief turned magically to song that echoed across the grounds and through the castle windows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 How long they all stood there, listening, he did not know, nor why it seemed to ease their pain a little to listen to the sound of their mourning, but it felt like a long time later that the hospital door opened again and Professor McGonagall entered the ward. Like all the rest, she bore marks of the recent battle: There were grazes on her face and her robes were ripped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly and Arthur are on their way,\rdblquote  she said, and the spell of the music was broken: Everyone roused themselves as though com\-ing out of trances, turning again to look at Bill, or else to rub their own eyes, shake their heads. \ldblquote Harry, what happened? According to Hagrid you were with Professor Dumbledore when he \emdash  when it happened. He says Professor Snape was involved in some \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape killed Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stared at him for a moment, then swayed alarmingly; Madam Pomfrey, who seemed to have pulled herself together, ran forward, conjuring a chair from thin air, which she pushed under McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape,\rdblquote  repeated McGonagall faintly, falling into the chair. \ldblquote We all wondered \'85 but he trusted \'85 always \'85 \i Snape\i0  \'85 I can\rquote t believe it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape was a highly accomplished Occlumens,\rdblquote  said Lupin, his voice uncharacteristically harsh. \ldblquote We always knew that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Dumbledore swore he was on our side!\rdblquote  whispered Tonks. \ldblquote I always thought Dumbledore must know something about Snape that we didn\rquote t. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He always hinted that he had an ironclad reason for trusting Snape,\rdblquote  muttered Professor McGonagall, now dabbing at the cor\-ners of her leaking eyes with a tartan-edged handkerchief. \ldblquote I mean \'85 with Snape\rquote s history \'85 of course people were bound to won\-der \'85 but Dumbledore told me explicitly that Snape\rquote s repentance was absolutely genuine. \'85 Wouldn\rquote t hear a word against him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d love to know what Snape told him to convince him,\rdblquote  said Tonks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Harry, and they all turned to look at him. \ldblquote Snape passed Voldemort the information that made Voldemort hunt down my mum and dad. Then Snape told Dumbledore he hadn\rquote t realized what he was doing, he was really sorry he\rquote d done it, sorry that they were dead.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all stared at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Dumbledore believed that?\rdblquote  said Lupin incredulously. \ldblquote Dumbledore believed Snape was sorry James was dead? Snape \i hated\i0  James. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And he didn\rquote t think my mother was worth a damn either,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote because she was Muggle-born. \'85 \lquote Mudblood,\rquote  he called her. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody asked how Harry knew this. All of them seemed to be lost in horrified shock, trying to digest the monstrous truth of what had happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is all my fault,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall suddenly. She looked disoriented, twisting her wet handkerchief in her hands. \ldblquote My fault. I sent Filius to fetch Snape tonight, I actually sent for him to come and help us! If I hadn\rquote t alerted Snape to what was go\-ing on, he might never have joined forces with the Death Eaters. I\lang3081  \lang1033 don\rquote t think he knew they were there before Filius told him, I don\rquote t think he knew they were coming.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It isn\rquote t your fault, Minerva,\rdblquote  said Lupin firmly. \ldblquote We all wanted more help, we were glad to think Snape was on his way. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So when he arrived at the fight, he joined in on the Death Eaters\rquote  side?\rdblquote  asked Harry, who wanted every detail of Snape\rquote s du\-plicity and infamy, feverishly collecting more reasons to hate him, to swear vengeance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know exactly how it happened,\rdblquote  said Professor McGona\-gall distractedly. \ldblquote It\rquote s all so confusing. \'85 Dumbledore had told us that he would be leaving the school for a few hours and that we were to patrol the corridors just in case \'85 Remus, Bill, and Nymphadora were to join us \'85 and so we patrolled. All seemed quiet. Every secret passageway out of the school was covered. We knew nobody could fly in. There were powerful enchantments on every entrance into the castle. I still don\rquote t know how the Death Eaters can possibly have entered. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he explained, briefly, about the pair of Vanishing Cabinets and the magical pathway they formed. \ldblquote So they got in through the Room of Requirement.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Almost against his will he glanced from Ron to Hermione, both of whom looked devastated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I messed up, Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron bleakly. \ldblquote We did like you told us: We checked the Marauder\rquote s Map and we couldn\rquote t see Malfoy on it, so we thought he must be in the Room of Requirement, so me, Ginny, and Neville went to keep watch on it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but Malfoy got past us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He came out of the room about an hour after we started\lang3081  \lang1033 keeping watch,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote He was on his own, clutching that awful shriveled arm \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His Hand of Glory,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Gives light only to the holder, remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway,\rdblquote  Ginny went on, \ldblquote he must have been checking whether the coast was clear to let the Death Eaters out, because the moment he saw us he threw something into the air and it all went pitch-black \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder,\rdblquote  said Ron bitterly. \ldblquote Fred and George\rquote s. I\rquote m going to be having a word with them about who they let buy their products.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We tried everything, Lumos, Incendio,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote Nothing would penetrate the darkness; all we could do was grope our way out of the corridor again, and meanwhile we could hear people rushing past us. Obviously Malfoy could see because of that hand thing and was guiding them, but we didn\rquote t dare use any curses or anything in case we hit each other, and by the time we\rquote d reached a corridor that was light, they\rquote d gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Luckily,\rdblquote  said Lupin hoarsely, \ldblquote Ron, Ginny, and Neville ran into us almost immediately and told us what had happened. We found the Death Eaters minutes later, heading in the direction of the Astronomy Tower. Malfoy obviously hadn\rquote t expected more peo\-ple to be on the watch; he seemed to have exhausted his supply of Darkness Powder, at any rate. A fight broke out, they scattered and we gave chase. One of them, Gibbon, broke away and headed up the tower stairs \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To set off the Mark?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He must have done, yes, they must have arranged that before they left the Room of Requirement,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote But I don\rquote t think\lang3081  \lang1033 Gibbon liked the idea of waiting up there alone for Dumbledore, because he came running back downstairs to rejoin the fight and was hit by a Killing Curse that just missed me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So if Ron was watching the Room of Requirement with Ginny and Neville,\rdblquote  said Harry, turning to Hermione, \ldblquote were you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Outside Snape\rquote s office, yes,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, \ldblquote with Luna. We hung around for ages outside it and nothing happened. \'85 We didn\rquote t know what was going on upstairs, Ron had taken the map. \'85 It was nearly midnight when Professor Flitwick came sprinting down into the dungeons. He was shouting about Death Eaters in the castle, I don\rquote t think he really registered that Luna and I were there at all, he just burst his way into Snape\rquote s office and we heard him saying that Snape had to go back with him and help and then we heard a loud thump and Snape came hurtling out of his room and he saw us and \emdash  and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  Harry urged her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was so stupid, Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione in a high-pitched whis\-per. \ldblquote He said Professor Flitwick had collapsed and that we should go and take care of him while he \emdash  while he went to help fight the Death Eaters \emdash\rdblquote  She covered her face in shame and continued to talk into her fingers, so that her voice was muffled. \ldblquote We went into his office to see if we could help Professor Flitwick and found him unconscious on the floor \'85 and oh, it\rquote s so obvious now, Snape must have Stupefied Flitwick, but we didn\rquote t realize, Harry, we didn\rquote t realize, we just let Snape go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not your fault,\rdblquote  said Lupin firmly. \ldblquote Hermione, had you not obeyed Snape and got out of the way, he probably would have killed you and Luna.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So then he came upstairs,\rdblquote  said Harry, who was watching Snape\lang3081  \lang1033 running up the marble staircase in his mind\rquote s eye, his black robes billowing behind him as ever, pulling his wand from under his cloak as he ascended, \ldblquote and he found the place where you were all fighting. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We were in trouble, we were losing,\rdblquote  said Tonks in a low voice. \ldblquote Gibbon was down, but the rest of the Death Eaters seemed ready to fight to the death. Neville had been hurt, Bill had been savaged by Greyback \'85 It was all dark \'85 curses flying everywhere \'85 The Malfoy boy had vanished, he must have slipped past, up the stairs \'85 then more of them ran after him, but one of them blocked the stair behind them with some kind of curse. \'85 Neville ran at it and got thrown up into the air \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote None of us could break through,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote and that massive Death Eater was still firing off jinxes all over the place, they were bouncing off the walls and barely missing us. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then Snape was there,\rdblquote  said Tonks, \ldblquote and then he wasn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw him running toward us, but that huge Death Eater\rquote s jinx just missed me right afterward and I ducked and lost track of things,\rdblquote  said Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw him run straight through the cursed barrier as though it wasn\rquote t there,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote I tried to follow him, but was thrown back just like Neville. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He must have known a spell we didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  whispered McGona\-gall. \ldblquote After all \emdash  he was the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. \'85 I just assumed that he was in a hurry to chase after the Death Eaters who\rquote d escaped up to the tower. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was,\rdblquote  said Harry savagely, \ldblquote but to help them, not to stop them \'85 and I\rquote ll bet you had to have a Dark Mark to get through that barrier \emdash  so what happened when he came back down?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, the big Death Eater had just fired off a hex that caused half the ceiling to fall in, and also broke the curse blocking the stairs,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote We all ran forward \emdash  those of us who were still standing anyway \emdash  and then Snape and the boy emerged out of the dust \emdash  obviously, none of us attacked them \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We just let them pass,\rdblquote  said Tonks in a hollow voice. \ldblquote We thought they were being chased by the Death Eaters \emdash  and next thing, the other Death Eaters and Greyback were back and we were fighting again \emdash  I thought I heard Snape shout something, but I don\rquote t know what \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He shouted, \lquote It\rquote s over,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He\rquote d done what he\rquote d meant to do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all fell silent. Fawkes\rquote s lament was still echoing over the dark grounds outside. As the music reverberated upon the air, un\-bidden, unwelcome thoughts slunk into Harry\rquote s mind. \'85 Had they taken Dumbledore\rquote s body from the foot of the tower yet? What would happen to it next? Where would it rest? He clenched his fists tightly in his pockets. He could feel the small cold lump of the fake Horcrux against the knuckles of his right hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The doors of the hospital wing burst open, making them all jump: Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were striding up the ward, Fleur just behind them, her beautiful face terrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly \emdash  Arthur\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, jumping up and hurrying to greet them. \ldblquote I am so sorry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bill,\rdblquote  whispered Mrs. Weasley, darting past Professor McGona\-gall as she caught sight of Bill\rquote s mangled face. \ldblquote Oh, \i Bill\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin and Tonks had got up hastily and retreated so that Mr. and Mrs. Weasley could get nearer to the bed. Mrs. Weasley bent over her son and pressed her lips to his bloody forehead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You said Greyback attacked him?\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley asked Professor McGonagall distractedly. \ldblquote But he hadn\rquote t transformed? So what does that mean? What will happen to Bill?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We don\rquote t yet know,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, looking help\-lessly at Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There will probably be some contamination, Arthur,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote It is an odd case, possibly unique. \'85 We don\rquote t know what his behavior might be like when he awakens. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley took the nasty-smelling ointment from Madam Pomfrey and began dabbing at Bill\rquote s wounds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Dumbledore \'85\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Minerva, is it true \'85 Is he really \'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Professor McGonagall nodded, Harry felt Ginny move beside him and looked at her. Her slightly narrowed eyes were fixed upon Fleur, who was gazing down at Bill with a frozen expression on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore gone,\rdblquote  whispered Mr. Weasley, but Mrs. Weasley had eyes only for her eldest son; she began to sob, tears falling onto Bill\rquote s mutilated face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, it doesn\rquote t matter how he looks. \'85 It\rquote s not r-really important\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but he was a very handsome little b-boy \'85 always very handsome \'85 and he was g-going to be married!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what do you mean by zat?\rdblquote  said Fleur suddenly and loudly. \ldblquote What do you mean, \lquote\rquote e was \i going\i0  to be married?\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley raised her tear-stained face, looking startled. \ldblquote Well \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 only that\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You theenk Bill will not wish to marry me anymore?\rdblquote  demanded Fleur. \ldblquote You theenk, because of these bites, he will not love me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, that\rquote s not what I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because \rquote e will!\rdblquote  said Fleur, drawing herself up to her full height and throwing back her long mane of silver hair. \ldblquote It would take more zan a werewolf to stop Bill loving me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, yes, I\rquote m sure,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, \ldblquote but I thought per\-haps \emdash  given how \emdash  how he \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You thought I would not weesh to marry him? Or per\rquote aps, you hoped?\rdblquote  said Fleur, her nostrils flaring. \ldblquote What do I care how he looks? I am good-looking enough for both of us, I theenk! All these scars show is zat my husband is brave! And I shall do zat!\rdblquote  she added fiercely, pushing Mrs. Weasley aside and snatching the oint\-ment from her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley fell back against her husband and watched Fleur mopping up Bill\rquote s wounds with a most curious expression upon her face. Nobody said anything; Harry did not dare move. Like every\-body else, he was waiting for the explosion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Our Great-Auntie Muriel,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley after a long pause, \ldblquote has a very beautiful tiara \emdash  goblin-made \emdash  which I am sure I could persuade her to lend you for the wedding. She is very fond of Bill, you know, and it would look lovely with your hair.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said Fleur stiffly. \ldblquote I am sure zat will be lovely.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, Harry did not quite see how it happened, both women were crying and hugging each other. Completely bewil\-dered, wondering whether the world had gone mad, he turned around: Ron looked as stunned as he felt and Ginny and Hermione were exchanging startled looks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You see!\rdblquote  said a strained voice. Tonks was glaring at Lupin. \ldblquote She still wants to marry him, even though he\rquote s been bitten! She doesn\rquote t care!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s different,\rdblquote  said Lupin, barely moving his lips and looking\lang3081  \lang1033 suddenly tense. \ldblquote Bill will not be a full werewolf. The cases are com\-pletely \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I don\rquote t care either, I don\rquote t care!\rdblquote  said Tonks, seizing the front of Lupin\rquote s robes and shaking them. \ldblquote I\rquote ve told you a million times. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And the meaning of Tonks\rquote s Patronus and her mouse-colored hair, and the reason she had come running to find Dumbledore when she had heard a rumor someone had been attacked by Grey\-back, all suddenly became clear to Harry; it had not been Sirius that Tonks had fallen in love with after all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And I\rquote ve told\lang3081  \lang1033\i you\i0  a million times,\rdblquote  said Lupin, refusing to meet her eyes, staring at the floor, \ldblquote that I am too old for you, too poor \'85 too dangerous. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve said all along you\rquote re taking a ridiculous line on this, Re\-mus,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley over Fleur\rquote s shoulder as she patted her on the back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am not being ridiculous,\rdblquote  said Lupin steadily. \ldblquote Tonks deserves somebody young and whole.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But she wants you,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, with a small smile. \ldblquote And after all, Remus, young and whole men do not necessarily remain so.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gestured sadly at his son, lying between them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 not the moment to discuss it,\rdblquote  said Lupin, avoiding everybody\rquote s eyes as he looked around distractedly. \ldblquote Dumbledore is dead. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore would have been happier than anybody to think that there was a little more love in the world,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall curtly, just as the hospital doors opened again and Hagrid walked in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The little of his face that was not obscured by hair or beard was soaking and swollen; he was shaking with tears, a vast, spotted handkerchief in his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve \'85 I\rquote ve done it, Professor,\rdblquote  he choked. \ldblquote M-moved him. Professor Sprout\rquote s got the kids back in bed. Professor Flitwick\rquote s lyin\rquote  down, but he says he\rquote ll be all righ\rquote  in a jiffy, an\rquote  Professor Slughorn says the Ministry\rquote s bin informed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, standing up at once and turning to look at the group around Bill\rquote s bed. \ldblquote I shall have to see the Ministry when they get here. Hagrid, please tell the Heads of Houses \emdash  Slughorn can represent Slytherin \emdash  that I want to see them in my office forthwith. I would like you to join us too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Hagrid nodded, turned, and shuffled out of the room again, she looked down at Harry. \ldblquote Before I meet them I would like a quick word with you, Harry. If you\rquote ll come with me. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stood up, murmured \ldblquote See you in a bit\rdblquote  to Ron, Hermi\-one, and Ginny, and followed Professor McGonagall back down the ward. The corridors outside were deserted and the only sound was the distant phoenix song. It was several minutes before Harry became aware that they were not heading for Professor McGona\-gall\rquote s office, but for Dumbledore\rquote s, and another few seconds before he realized that of course, she had been deputy headmistress. \'85 Apparently she was now headmistress \'85 so the room behind the gargoyle was now hers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In silence they ascended the moving spiral staircase and entered the circular office. He did not know what he had expected: that the room would be draped in black, perhaps, or even that Dumble\-dore\rquote s body might be lying there. In fact, it looked almost exactly as\lang3081  \lang1033 it had done when he and Dumbledore had left it mere hours previ\-ously: the silver instruments whirring and puffing on their spindle-legged tables, Gryffindor\rquote s sword in its glass case gleaming in the moonlight, the Sorting Hat on a shelf behind the desk. But Fawkes\rquote s perch stood empty, he was still crying his lament to the grounds. And a new portrait had joined the ranks of the dead head\-masters and headmistresses of Hogwarts: Dumbledore was slum\-bering in a golden frame over the desk, his half-moon spectacles perched upon his crooked nose, looking peaceful and untroubled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After glancing once at this portrait, Professor McGonagall made an odd movement as though steeling herself, then rounded the desk to look at Harry, her face taut and lined.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  she said, \ldblquote I would like to know what you and Professor Dumbledore were doing this evening when you left the school.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t tell you that, Professor,\rdblquote  said Harry. He had expected the question and had his answer ready. It had been here, in this very room, that Dumbledore had told him that he was to confide the contents of their lessons to nobody but Ron and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, it might be important,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote very, but he didn\rquote t want me to tell anyone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall glared at him. \ldblquote Potter\rdblquote  \emdash  Harry regis\-tered the renewed use of his surname \emdash  \ldblquote in the light of Professor Dumbledore\rquote s death, I think you must see that the situation has changed somewhat \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so,\rdblquote  said Harry, shrugging. \ldblquote Professor Dumble\-dore never told me to stop following his orders if he died.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s one thing you should know before the Ministry gets\lang3081  \lang1033 here, though. Madam Rosmerta\rquote s under the Imperius Curse, she was helping Malfoy and the Death Eaters, that\rquote s how the necklace and the poisoned mead \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Rosmerta?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall incredulously, but be\-fore she could go on, there was a knock on the door behind them and Professors Sprout, Flitwick, and Slughorn traipsed into the room, followed by Hagrid, who was still weeping copiously, his huge frame trembling with grief.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape!\rdblquote  ejaculated Slughorn, who looked the most shaken, pale and sweating. \ldblquote Snape! I taught him! I thought I knew him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But before any of them could respond to this, a sharp voice spoke from high on the wall: A sallow-faced wizard with a short black fringe had just walked back into his empty canvas.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Minerva, the Minister will be here within seconds, he has just Disapparated from the Ministry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Everard,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, and she turned quickly to her teachers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want to talk about what happens to Hogwarts before he gets here,\rdblquote  she said quickly. \ldblquote Personally, I am not convinced that the school should reopen next year. The death of the headmaster at the hands of one of our colleagues is a terrible stain upon Hogwarts\rquote s history. It is horrible.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am sure Dumbledore would have wanted the school to re\-main open,\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout. \ldblquote I feel that if a single pupil wants to come, then the school ought to remain open for that pupil.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But will we have a single pupil after this?\rdblquote  said Slughorn, now dabbing his sweating brow with a silken handkerchief. \ldblquote Parents will\lang3081  \lang1033 want to keep their children at home and I can\rquote t say I blame them. Personally, I don\rquote t think we\rquote re in more danger at Hogwarts than we are anywhere else, but you can\rquote t expect mothers to think like that. They\rquote ll want to keep their families together, it\rquote s only natural.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I agree,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote And in any case, it is not true to say that Dumbledore never envisaged a situation in which Hogwarts might close. When the Chamber of Secrets reopened he considered the closure of the school \emdash  and I must say that Pro\-fessor Dumbledore\rquote s murder is more disturbing to me than the idea of Slytherin\rquote s monster living undetected in the bowels of the castle. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We must consult the governors,\rdblquote  said Professor Flitwick in his squeaky little voice; he had a large bruise on his forehead but seemed otherwise unscathed by his collapse in Snape\rquote s office. \ldblquote We must follow the established procedures. A decision should not be made hastily.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, you haven\rquote t said anything,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote What are your views, ought Hogwarts to remain open?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid, who had been weeping silently into his large, spotted handkerchief throughout this conversation, now raised puffy red eyes and croaked, \ldblquote I dunno, Professor \'85 that\rquote s fer the Heads of House an\rquote  the headmistress ter decide \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore always valued your views,\rdblquote  said Profes\-sor McGonagall kindly, \ldblquote and so do I.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m stayin\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, fat tears still leaking out of the corners of his eyes and trickling down into his tangled beard. \ldblquote It\rquote s me home, it\rquote s bin me home since I was thirteen. An\rquote  if there\rquote s kids who wan\rquote  me ter teach \rquote em, I\rquote ll do it. But\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I dunno \'85\lang3081  \lang1033 Hogwarts without Dumbledore \'85\rdblquote  He gulped and disappeared behind his handkerchief once more, and there was silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, glancing out of the win\-dow at the grounds, checking to see whether the Minister was yet approaching, \ldblquote then I must agree with Filius that the right thing to do is to consult the governors, who will make the final decision.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, as to getting students home \'85 there is an argument for doing it sooner rather than later. We could arrange for the Hog\-warts Express to come tomorrow if necessary \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about Dumbledore\rquote s funeral?\rdblquote  said Harry, speaking at last.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, losing a little of her briskness as her voice shook. \ldblquote I \emdash  I know that it was Dumble\-dore\rquote s wish to be laid to rest here, at Hogwarts \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then that\rquote s what\rquote ll happen, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Harry fiercely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If the Ministry thinks it appropriate,\rdblquote  said Professor McGona\-gall. \ldblquote No other headmaster or headmistress has ever been \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No other headmaster or headmistress ever gave more to this school,\rdblquote  growled Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hogwarts should be Dumbledore\rquote s final resting place,\rdblquote  said Professor Flitwick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Absolutely,\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And in that case,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote you shouldn\rquote t send the students home until the funeral\rquote s over. They\rquote ll want to say \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The last word caught in his throat, but Professor Sprout com\-pleted the sentence for him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good-bye.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well said,\rdblquote  squeaked Professor Flitwick. \ldblquote Well said indeed! Our\lang3081  \lang1033 students should pay tribute, it is fitting. We can arrange transport home afterward.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seconded,\rdblquote  barked Professor Sprout.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose \'85 yes \'85\rdblquote  said Slughorn in a rather agitated voice, while Hagrid let out a strangled sob of assent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s coming,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall suddenly, gazing down into the grounds. \ldblquote The Minister \'85 and by the looks of it, he\rquote s brought a delegation \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can I leave, Professor?\rdblquote  said Harry at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had no desire at all to see, or be interrogated by, Rufus Scrimgeour tonight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You may,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote And quickly.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She strode toward the door and held it open for him. He sped down the spiral staircase and off along the deserted corridor; he had left his Invisibility Cloak at the top of the Astronomy Tower, but it did not matter; there was nobody in the corridors to see him pass, not even Filch, Mrs. Norris, or Peeves. He did not meet an\-other soul until he turned into the passage leading to the Gryffin\-dor common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it true?\rdblquote  whispered the Fat Lady as he approached her. \ldblquote It is really true? Dumbledore \emdash  dead?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She let out a wail and, without waiting for the password, swung forward to admit him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry had suspected it would be, the common room was jam-packed. The room fell silent as he climbed through the por\-trait hole. He saw Dean and Seamus sitting in a group nearby: This meant that the dormitory must be empty, or nearly so. Without\lang3081  \lang1033 speaking to anybody, without making eye contact at all, Harry walked straight across the room and through the door to the boys\rquote  dormitories.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As he had hoped, Ron was waiting for him, still fully dressed, sit\-ting on his bed. Harry sat down on his own four-poster and for a moment, they simply stared at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re talking about closing the school,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lupin said they would,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So?\rdblquote  said Ron in a very low voice, as though he thought the fur\-niture might be listening in. \ldblquote Did you find one? Did you get it? A \emdash  a Horcrux?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shook his head. All that had taken place around that black lake seemed like an old nightmare now; had it really happened, and only hours ago?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t get it?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking crestfallen. \ldblquote It wasn\rquote t there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Someone had already taken it and left a fake in its place.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Already \i taken\i0  \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wordlessly, Harry pulled the fake locket from his pocket, opened it, and passed it to Ron. The full story could wait. \'85 It did not matter tonight\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 nothing mattered except the end, the end of their pointless adventure, the end of Dumbledore\rquote s life. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote R.A.B.,\rdblquote  whispered Ron, \ldblquote but who was that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry, lying back on his bed fully clothed and staring blankly upwards. He felt no curiosity at all about R.A.B.: He doubted that he would ever feel curious again. As he lay there,\lang3081  \lang1033 he became aware suddenly that the grounds were silent. Fawkes had stopped singing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he knew, without knowing how he knew it, that the phoenix had gone, had left Hogwarts for good, just as Dumbledore had left the school, had left the world \'85 had left Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 30\par
\pard\qc The White Tomb\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
All lessons were suspended, all examinations postponed. Some students were hurried away from Hogwarts by their parents over the next couple of days \emdash  the Patil twins were gone before breakfast on the morning following Dumbledore\rquote s death, and Zacharias Smith was escorted from the castle by his haughty-looking father. Seamus Finnigan, on the other hand, re\-fused point-blank to accompany his mother home; they had a shouting match in the entrance hall that was resolved when she agreed that he could remain behind for the funeral. She had diffi\-culty in finding a bed in Hogsmeade, Seamus told Harry and Ron, for wizards and witches were pouring into the village, preparing to pay their last respects to Dumbledore.\par
Some excitement was caused among the younger students, who had never seen it before, when a powder-blue carriage the size of a house, pulled by a dozen giant winged palominos, came soaring out of the sky in the late afternoon before the funeral and landed on the\lang3081  \lang1033 edge of the forest. Harry watched from a window as a gigantic and handsome olive-skinned, black-haired woman descended the car\-riage steps and threw herself into the waiting Hagrid\rquote s arms. Mean\-while a delegation of Ministry officials, including the Minister of Magic himself, was being accommodated within the castle. Harry was diligently avoiding contact with any of them; he was sure that, sooner or later, he would be asked again to account for Dumble\-dore\rquote s last excursion from Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny were spending all of their time together. The beautiful weather seemed to mock them; Harry could imagine how it would have been if Dumbledore had not died, and they had had this time together at the very end of the year, Ginny\rquote s examinations finished, the pressure of homework lifted \'85 and hour by hour, he put off saying the thing that he knew he must say, doing what he knew was right to do, because it was too hard to forgo his best source of comfort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They visited the hospital wing twice a day: Neville had been dis\-charged, but Bill remained under Madam Pomfrey\rquote s care. His scars were as bad as ever \emdash  in truth, he now bore a distinct resemblance to Mad-Eye Moody, though thankfully with both eyes and legs \emdash  but in personality he seemed just the same as ever. All that ap\-peared to have changed was that he now had a great liking for very rare steaks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 so eet ees lucky \rquote e is marrying me,\rdblquote  said Fleur happily, plumping up Bill\rquote s pillows, \ldblquote because ze British overcook their meat, I \rquote ave always said this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose I\rquote m just going to have to accept that he really is going to marry her,\rdblquote  sighed Ginny later that evening, as she, Harry, Ron,\lang3081  \lang1033 and Hermione sat beside the open window of the Gryffindor com\-mon room, looking out over the twilit grounds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s not that bad,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Ugly, though,\rdblquote  he added hastily, as Ginny raised her eyebrows, and she let out a reluctant\lang3081  \lang1033 giggle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I suppose if Mum can stand it, I can.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyone else we know died?\rdblquote  Ron asked Hermione, who was pe\-rusing the \i Evening Prophet.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Hermione winced at the forced toughness in his voice. \ldblquote No,\rdblquote  she said reprovingly, folding up the newspaper. \ldblquote They\rquote re still look\-ing for Snape but no sign \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course there isn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry, who became angry every time this subject cropped up. \ldblquote They won\rquote t find Snape till they find Voldemort, and seeing as they\rquote ve never managed to do that in all this time \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to go to bed,\rdblquote  yawned Ginny. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t been sleep\-ing that well since \'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I could do with some sleep.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She kissed Harry (Ron looked away pointedly), waved at the other two, and departed for the girls\rquote  dormitories. The moment the door had closed behind her, Hermione leaned forward toward Harry with a most Hermione-ish look on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I found something out this morning, in the library.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote R.A.B.?\rdblquote  said Harry, sitting up straight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not feel the way he had so often felt before, excited, curi\-ous, burning to get to the bottom of a mystery; he simply knew that the task of discovering the truth about the real Horcrux had to be completed before he could move a little farther along the dark and winding path stretching ahead of him, the path that he and\lang3081  \lang1033 Dumbledore had set out upon together, and which he now knew he would have to journey alone. There might still be as many as four Horcruxes out there somewhere, and each would need to be found and eliminated before there was even a possibility that Volde\-mort could be killed. He kept reciting their names to himself, as though by listing them he could bring them within reach: \i the locket \i0\'85\i  the cup\i0  \'85 \i the snake\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i something of\lang3081  \lang1033 Gryffindor\rquote s or Ravenclaw\rquote s \i0\'85 \i the locket\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i the cup\i0  \'85 \i the snake\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i something of Gryffindor\rquote s or Ravenclaw\rquote s\i0  \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This mantra seemed to pulse through Harry\rquote s mind as he fell asleep at night, and his dreams were thick with cups, lockets, and mysterious objects that he could not quite reach, though Dumble\-dore helpfully offered Harry a rope ladder that turned to snakes the moment he began to climb. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had shown Hermione the note inside the locket the morning after Dumbledore\rquote s death, and although she had not immediately recognized the initials as belonging to some obscure wizard about whom she had been reading, she had since been rushing off to the library a little more often than was strictly necessary for somebody who had no homework to do.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  she said sadly, \ldblquote I\rquote ve been trying, Harry, but I haven\rquote t found anything. \'85 There are a couple of reasonably well-known wizards with those initials \emdash  Rosalind Antigone Bungs \'85 Rupert \lquote Axebanger\rquote  Brookstanton \'85 but they don\rquote t seem to fit at all. Judging by that note, the person who stole the Horcrux knew Voldemort, and I can\rquote t find a shred of evidence that Bungs or Axe\-banger ever had anything to do with him. \'85 No, actually, it\rquote s about\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well, Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked nervous even saying the name again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about him?\rdblquote  asked Harry heavily, slumping back in his chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s just that I was sort of right about the Half-Blood Prince business,\rdblquote  she said tentatively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you have to rub it in, Hermione? How d\rquote you think I feel about that now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  no \emdash  Harry, I didn\rquote t mean that!\rdblquote  she said hastily, look\-ing around to check that they were not being overheard. \ldblquote It\rquote s just that I was right about Eileen Prince once owning the book. You see \'85 she was Snape\rquote s mother!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought she wasn\rquote t much of a looker,\rdblquote  said Ron. Hermione ig\-nored him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was going through the rest of the old \i Prophets \i0 and there was a tiny announcement about Eileen Prince marrying a man called Tobias Snape, and then later an announcement saying that she\rquote d given birth to a \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  murderer,\rdblquote  spat Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \'85 yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote So \'85 I was sort of right. Snape must have been proud of being \lquote half a Prince,\rquote  you see? Tobias Snape was a Muggle from what it said in the \i Prophet.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, that fits,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He\rquote d play up the pure-blood side so he could get in with Lucius Malfoy and the rest of them. \'85 He\rquote s just like Voldemort. Pure-blood mother, Muggle father \'85 ashamed of his parentage, trying to make himself feared using the Dark Arts, gave himself an impressive new name \emdash  \i Lord\i0  Volde\-mort \emdash  the Half-Blood \i Prince\i0  \emdash  how could Dumbledore have missed \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He broke off, looking out the window. He could not stop him\-self dwelling upon Dumbledore\rquote s inexcusable trust in Snape \'85\lang3081  \lang1033 but as Hermione had just inadvertently reminded him, he, Harry, had been taken in just the same. \'85 In spite of the increasing nas\-tiness of those scribbled spells, he had refused to believe ill of the boy who had been so clever, who had helped him so much. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Helped him \i0\'85 it was an almost unendurable thought now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I still don\rquote t get why he didn\rquote t turn you in for using that book,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote He must\rquote ve known where you were getting it all from.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He knew,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly. \ldblquote He knew when I used Sectum\-sempra. He didn\rquote t really need Legilimency. \'85 He might even have known before then, with Slughorn talking about how brilliant I was at Potions. \'85 Shouldn\rquote t have left his old book in the bottom of that cupboard, should he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why didn\rquote t he turn you in?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think he wanted to associate himself with that book,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think Dumbledore would have liked it very much if he\rquote d known. And even if Snape pretended it hadn\rquote t been his, Slughorn would have recognized his writing at once. Anyway, the book was left in Snape\rquote s old classroom, and I\rquote ll bet Dumbledore knew his mother was called \lquote Prince.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I should\rquote ve shown the book to Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote All that time he was showing me how Voldemort was evil even when he was at school, and I had proof Snape was too \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Evil\rquote  is a strong word,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were the one who kept telling me the book was dan\-gerous!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m trying to say, Harry, that you\rquote re putting too much blame on yourself. I thought the Prince seemed to have a nasty sense of hu\-mor, but I would never have guessed he was a potential killer. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote None of us could\rquote ve guessed Snape would \'85 you know,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Silence fell between them, each of them lost in their own thoughts, but Harry was sure that they, like him, were thinking about the following morning, when Dumbledore\rquote s body would be laid to rest. He had never attended a funeral before; there had been no body to bury when Sirius had died. He did not know what to ex\-pect and was a little worried about what he might see, about how he would feel. He wondered whether Dumbledore\rquote s death would be more real to him once it was over. Though he had moments when the horrible fact of it threatened to overwhelm him, there were blank stretches of numbness where, despite the fact that nobody was talking about anything else in the whole castle, he still found it difficult to believe that Dumbledore had really gone. Admittedly he had not, as he had with Sirius, looked desperately for some kind of loophole, some way that Dumbledore would come back. \'85 He felt in his pocket for the cold chain of the fake Horcrux, which he now carried with him everywhere, not as a talisman, but as a re\-minder of what it had cost and what remained still to do.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry rose early to pack the next day; the Hogwarts Express would be leaving an hour after the funeral. Downstairs, he found the mood in the Great Hall subdued. Everybody was wearing their dress robes and no one seemed very hungry. Professor McGonagall had left the thronelike chair in the middle of the staff table empty. Hagrid\rquote s chair was deserted too; Harry thought that perhaps he had not been able to face breakfast, but Snape\rquote s place had been uncere\-moniously filled by Rufus Scrimgeour. Harry avoided his yellowish eyes as they scanned the Hall; Harry had the uncomfortable feeling\lang3081  \lang1033 that Scrimgeour was looking for him. Among Scrimgeour\rquote s en\-tourage Harry spotted the red hair and horn-rimmed glasses of Percy Weasley. Ron gave no sign that he was aware of Percy, apart from stabbing pieces of kipper with unwonted venom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Over at the Slytherin table Crabbe and Goyle were muttering together. Hulking boys though they were, they looked oddly lonely without the tall, pale figure of Malfoy between them, bossing them around. Harry had not spared Malfoy much thought. His animos\-ity was all for Snape, but he had not forgotten the fear in Malfoy\rquote s voice on that tower top, nor the fact that he had lowered his wand before the other Death Eaters arrived. Harry did not believe that Malfoy would have killed Dumbledore. He despised Malfoy still for his infatuation with the Dark Arts, but now the tiniest drop of pity mingled with his dislike. Where, Harry wondered, was Malfoy now, and what was Voldemort making him do under threat of killing him and his parents?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s thoughts were interrupted by a nudge in the ribs from Ginny. Professor McGonagall had risen to her feet, and the mourn\-ful hum in the Hall died away at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is nearly time,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Please follow your Heads of Houses out into the grounds. Gryffindors, after me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They filed out from behind their benches in near silence. Harry glimpsed Slughorn at the head of the Slytherin column, wearing magnificent, long, emerald green robes embroidered with silver. He had never seen Professor Sprout, Head of the Hufflepuffs, look\-ing so clean; there was not a single patch on her hat, and when they reached the entrance hall, they found Madam Pince standing be\-side Filch, she in a thick black veil that fell to her knees, he in an ancient black suit and tie reeking of mothballs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were heading, as Harry saw when he stepped out onto the stone steps from the front doors, toward the lake. The warmth of the sun caressed his face as they followed Professor McGonagall in silence to the place where hundreds of chairs had been set out in rows. An aisle ran down the center of them: There was a marble table standing at the front, all chairs facing it. It was the most beau\-tiful summer\rquote s day.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An extraordinary assortment of people had already settled into half of the chairs; shabby and smart, old and young. Most Harry did not recognize, but a few he did, including members of the Or\-der of the Phoenix: Kingsley Shacklebolt; Mad-Eye Moody; Tonks, her hair miraculously returned to vividest pink; Remus Lupin, with whom she seemed to be holding hands; Mr. and Mrs. Weasley; Bill supported by Fleur and followed by Fred and George, who were wearing jackets of black dragon skin. Then there was Madame Maxime, who took up two and a half chairs on her own; Tom, the landlord of the Leaky Cauldron in London; Arabella Figg, Harry\rquote s Squib neighbor; the hairy bass player from the Wiz\-arding group the Weird Sisters; Ernie Prang, driver of the Knight Bus; Madam Malkin, of the robe shop in Diagon Alley; and some people whom Harry merely knew by sight, such as the barman of the Hog\rquote s Head and the witch who pushed the trolley on the Hog\-warts Express. The castle ghosts were there too, barely visible in the bright sunlight, discernible only when they moved, shimmering in\-substantially on the gleaming air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny filed into seats at the end of a row beside the lake. People were whispering to each other; it sounded like a breeze in the grass, but the birdsong was louder by far. The crowd continued to swell; with a great rush of affection\lang3081  \lang1033 for both of them, Harry saw Neville being helped into a seat by Luna. Neville and Luna alone of the D.A. had responded to Her\-mione\rquote s summons the night that Dumbledore had died, and Harry knew why: They were the ones who had missed the D.A. most\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 probably the ones who had checked their coins regularly in the hope that there would be another meeting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cornelius Fudge walked past toward the front rows, his expres\-sion miserable, twirling his green bowler hat as usual; Harry next recognized Rita Skeeter, who, he was infuriated to see, had a note\-book clutched in her red-taloned hand, and then, with a worse jolt of fury, Dolores Umbridge, an unconvincing expression of grief upon her toadlike face, a black velvet bow set atop her iron-colored curls. At the sight of the centaur Firenze, who was standing like a sentinel near the water\rquote s edge, she gave a start and scurried hastily into a seat a good distance away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The staff was seated at last. Harry could see Scrimgeour looking grave and dignified in the front row with Professor McGonagall. He wondered whether Scrimgeour or any of these important peo\-ple were really sorry that Dumbledore was dead. But then he heard music, strange, otherworldly music, and he forgot his dislike of the Ministry in looking around for the source of it. He was not the only one: Many heads were turning, searching, a little alarmed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In there,\rdblquote  whispered Ginny in Harry\rquote s ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he saw them in the clear green sunlit water, inches below the surface, reminding him horribly of the Inferi: a chorus of mer\-people singing in a strange language he did not understand, their pallid faces rippling, their purplish hair flowing all around them. The music made the hair on Harry\rquote s neck stand up, and yet it was not unpleasant. It spoke very clearly of loss and of despair. As he\lang3081  \lang1033 looked down into the wild faces of the singers, he had the feeling that they, at least, were sorry for Dumbledore\rquote s passing. Then Ginny nudged him again and he looked around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid was walking slowly up the aisle between the chairs. He was crying quite silently, his face gleaming with tears, and in his arms, wrapped in purple velvet spangled with golden stars, was what Harry knew to be Dumbledore\rquote s body. A sharp pain rose in Harry\rquote s throat at this sight: For a moment, the strange music and the knowledge that Dumbledore\rquote s body was so close seemed to take all warmth from the day. Ron looked white and shocked. Tears were falling thick and fast into both Ginny\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s laps.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They could not see clearly what was happening at the front. Ha\-grid seemed to have placed the body carefully upon the table. Now he retreated down the aisle, blowing his nose with loud trumpeting noises that drew scandalized looks from some, including, Harry saw, Dolores Umbridge \'85 but Harry knew that Dumbledore would not have cared. He tried to make a friendly gesture to Ha\-grid as he passed, but Hagrid\rquote s eyes were so swollen it was a wonder he could see where he was going. Harry glanced at the back row to which Hagrid was heading and realized what was guiding him, for there, dressed in a jacket and trousers each the size of a small mar\-quee, was the giant Grawp, his great ugly boulderlike head bowed, docile, almost human. Hagrid sat down next to his half-brother, and Grawp patted Hagrid hard on the head, so that his chair legs sank into the ground. Harry had a wonderful momentary urge to laugh. But then the music stopped, and he turned to face the front again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A little tufty-haired man in plain black robes had got to his feet and stood now in front of Dumbledore\rquote s body. Harry could not\lang3081  \lang1033 hear what he was saying. Odd words floated back to them over the hundreds of heads. \ldblquote Nobility of spirit\rdblquote  \'85 \ldblquote intellectual contribu\-tion\rdblquote  \'85 \ldblquote greatness of heart\rdblquote  \'85 It did not mean very much. It had little to do with Dumbledore as Harry had known him. He sud\-denly remembered Dumbledore\rquote s idea of a few words, \ldblquote nitwit,\rdblquote  \ldblquote oddment,\rdblquote  \ldblquote blubber,\rdblquote  and \ldblquote tweak,\rdblquote  and again had to suppress a grin. \'85 What was the matter with him?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a soft splashing noise to his left and he saw that the merpeople had broken the surface to listen too. He remembered Dumbledore crouching at the water\rquote s edge two years ago, very close to where Harry now sat, and conversing in Mermish with the Mer\-chieftainess. Harry wondered where Dumbledore had learned Mermish. There was so much he had never asked him, so much he should have said. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, without warning, it swept over him, the dreadful truth, more completely and undeniably than it had until now. Dumbledore was dead, gone. \'85 He clutched the cold locket in his hand so tightly that it hurt, but he could not prevent hot tears spilling from his eyes: He looked away from Ginny and the others and stared out over the lake, toward the forest, as the little man in black droned on. \'85 There was movement among the trees. The centaurs had come to pay their respects too. They did not move into the open but Harry saw them standing quite still, half hidden in shadow, watching the wizards, their bows hanging at their sides. And Harry remembered his first nightmarish trip into the forest, the first time he had ever encountered the thing that was then Voldemort, and how he had faced him, and how he and Dumble\-dore had discussed fighting a losing battle not long thereafter. It\lang3081  \lang1033 was important, Dumbledore said, to fight, and fight again, and keep fighting, for only then could evil be kept at bay, though never quite eradicated. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Harry saw very clearly as he sat there under the hot sun how people who cared about him had stood in front of him one by one, his mother, his father, his godfather, and finally Dumbledore, all determined to protect him; but now that was over. He could not let anybody else stand between him and Voldemort; he must abandon forever the illusion he ought to have lost at the age of one, that the shelter of a parent\rquote s arms meant that nothing could hurt him. There was no waking from his nightmare, no comforting whisper in the dark that he was safe really, that it was all in his imagination; the last and greatest of his protectors had died, and he was more alone than he had ever been before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The little man in black had stopped speaking at last and re\-sumed his seat. Harry waited for somebody else to get to their feet; he expected speeches, probably from the Minister, but nobody moved.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then several people screamed. Bright, white flames had erupted around Dumbledore\rquote s body and the table upon which it lay: Higher and higher they rose, obscuring the body. White smoke spiraled into the air and made strange shapes: Harry thought, for one heart-stopping moment, that he saw a phoenix fly joyfully into the blue, but next second the fire had vanished. In its place was a white marble tomb, encasing Dumbledore\rquote s body and the table on which he had rested.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were a few more cries of shock as a shower of arrows soared through the air, but they fell far short of the crowd. It was,\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry knew, the centaurs\rquote  tribute: He saw them turn tail and dis\-appear back into the cool trees. Likewise, the merpeople sank slowly back into the green water and were lost from view.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at Ginny, Ron, and Hermione: Ron\rquote s face was screwed up as though the sunlight were blinding him. Hermione\rquote s face was glazed with tears, but Ginny was no longer crying. She met Harry\rquote s gaze with the same hard, blazing look that he had seen when she had hugged him after winning the Quidditch Cup in his absence, and he knew that at that moment they understood each other perfectly, and that when he told her what he was going to do now, she would not say, \ldblquote Be careful,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Don\rquote t do it,\rdblquote  but accept his decision, because she would not have expected anything less of him. And so he steeled himself to say what he had known he must say ever since Dumbledore had died.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny, listen \'85\rdblquote  he said very quietly, as the buzz of conversa\-tion grew louder around them and people began to get to their feet, \ldblquote I can\rquote t be involved with you anymore. We\rquote ve got to stop seeing each other. We can\rquote t be together.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She said, with an oddly twisted smile, \ldblquote It\rquote s for some stupid, no\-ble reason, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s been like \'85 like something out of someone else\rquote s life, these last few weeks with you,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But I can\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 we can\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I\rquote ve got things to do alone now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She did not cry, she simply looked at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort uses people his enemies are close to. He\rquote s already used you as bait once, and that was just because you\rquote re my best friend\rquote s sister. Think how much danger you\rquote ll be in if we keep this up. He\rquote ll know, he\rquote ll find out. He\rquote ll try and get to me through you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What if I don\rquote t care?\rdblquote  said Ginny fiercely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I care,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote How do you think I\rquote d feel if this was your funeral\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and it was my fault. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked away from him, over the lake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I never really gave up on you,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Not really. I always hoped. \'85 Hermione told me to get on with life, maybe go out with some other people, relax a bit around you, because I never used to be able to talk if you were in the room, remember? And she thought you might take a bit more notice if I was a bit more \emdash  myself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Smart girl, that Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to smile. \ldblquote I just wish I\rquote d asked you sooner. We could\rquote ve had ages \'85 months \'85 years maybe. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you\rquote ve been too busy saving the Wizarding world,\rdblquote  said Ginny, half laughing. \ldblquote Well \'85 I can\rquote t say I\rquote m surprised. I knew this would happen in the end. I knew you wouldn\rquote t be happy un\-less you were hunting Voldemort. Maybe that\rquote s why I like you so much.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not bear to hear these things, nor did he think his resolution would hold if he remained sitting beside her. Ron, he saw, was now holding Hermione and stroking her hair while she sobbed into his shoulder, tears dripping from the end of his own long nose. With a miserable gesture, Harry got up, turned his back on Ginny and on Dumbledore\rquote s tomb, and walked away around the lake. Moving felt much more bearable than sitting still, just as setting out as soon as possible to track down the Horcruxes and kill Voldemort would feel better than waiting to do it. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned. Rufus Scrimgeour was limping rapidly toward him around the bank, leaning on his walking stick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been hoping to have a word \'85 do you mind if I walk a lit\-tle way with you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry indifferently, and set off again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, this was a dreadful tragedy,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour quietly. \ldblquote I cannot tell you how appalled I was to hear of it. Dumbledore was a very great wizard. We had our disagreements, as you know, but no one knows better than I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you want?\rdblquote  asked Harry flatly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour looked annoyed, but as before, hastily modified his expression to one of sorrowful understanding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are, of course, devastated,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I know that you were very close to Dumbledore. I think you may have been his favorite pupil ever. The bond between the two of you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you want?\rdblquote  Harry repeated, coming to a halt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour stopped too, leaned on his stick, and stared at Harry, his expression shrewd now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The word is that you were with him when he left the school the night that he died.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whose word?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Somebody Stupefied a Death Eater on top of the tower after Dumbledore died. There were also two broomsticks up there. The Ministry can add two and two, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Glad to hear it,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Well, where I went with Dum\-bledore and what we did is my business. He didn\rquote t want people to know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Such loyalty is admirable, of course,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, who seemed to be restraining his irritation with difficulty, \ldblquote but Dum\-bledore is gone, Harry. He\rquote s gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He will only be gone from the school when none here are loyal to him,\rdblquote  said Harry, smiling in spite of himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear boy \'85 even Dumbledore cannot return from the \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am not saying he can. You wouldn\rquote t understand. But I\rquote ve got nothing to tell you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour hesitated, then said, in what was evidently supposed to be a tone of delicacy, \ldblquote The Ministry can offer you all sorts of protection, you know, Harry. I would be delighted to place a cou\-ple of my Aurors at your service \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry laughed. \ldblquote Voldemort wants to kill me himself, and Aurors won\rquote t stop him. So thanks for the offer, but no thanks.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, his voice cold now, \ldblquote the request I made of you at Christmas \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What request? Oh yeah \'85 the one where I tell the world what a great job you\rquote re doing in exchange for \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  for raising everyone\rquote s morale!\rdblquote  snapped Scrimgeour.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry considered him for a moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Released Stan Shunpike yet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour turned a nasty purple color highly reminiscent of Uncle Vernon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see you are \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s man through and through,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote That\rquote s right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour glared at him for another moment, then turned and limped away without another word. Harry could see Percy and the rest of the Ministry delegation waiting for him, casting nervous glances at the sobbing Hagrid and Grawp, who were still in their seats. Ron and Hermione were hurrying toward Harry, passing\lang3081  \lang1033 Scrimgeour going in the opposite direction. Harry turned and walked slowly on, waiting for them to catch up, which they finally did in the shade of a beech tree under which they had sat in hap\-pier times.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did Scrimgeour want?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Same as he wanted at Christmas,\rdblquote  shrugged Harry. \ldblquote Wanted me to give him inside information on Dumbledore and be the Ministry\rquote s new poster boy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron seemed to struggle with himself for a moment, then he said loudly to Hermione, \ldblquote Look, let me go back and hit Percy!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  she said firmly, grabbing his arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote ll make me feel better!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry laughed. Even Hermione grinned a little, though her smile faded as she looked up at the castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t bear the idea that we might never come back,\rdblquote  she said softly. \ldblquote How can Hogwarts close?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe it won\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote We\rquote re not in any more danger here than we are at home, are we? Everywhere\rquote s the same now. I\rquote d even say Hogwarts is safer, there are more wizards inside to defend the place. What d\rquote you reckon, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not coming back even if it does reopen,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron gaped at him, but Hermione said sadly, \ldblquote I knew you were going to say that. But then what will you do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going back to the Dursleys\rquote  once more, because Dumble\-dore wanted me to,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But it\rquote ll be a short visit, and then I\rquote ll be gone for good.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But where will you go if you don\rquote t come back to school?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought I might go back to Godric\rquote s Hollow,\rdblquote  Harry mut\-tered. He had had the idea in his head ever since the night of\lang3081  \lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s death. \ldblquote For me, it started there, all of it. I\rquote ve just got a feeling I need to go there. And I can visit my parents\rquote  graves, I\rquote d like that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then what?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then I\rquote ve got to track down the rest of the Horcruxes, haven\rquote t I?\rdblquote  said Harry, his eyes upon Dumbledore\rquote s white tomb, reflected in the water on the other side of the lake. \ldblquote That\rquote s what he wanted me to do, that\rquote s why he told me all about them. If Dumbledore was right \emdash  and I\rquote m sure he was \emdash  there are still four of them out there. I\rquote ve got to find them and destroy them, and then I\rquote ve got to go after the seventh bit of Voldemort\rquote s soul, the bit that\rquote s still in his body, and I\rquote m the one who\rquote s going to kill him. And if I meet Severus Snape along the way,\rdblquote  he added, \ldblquote so much the better for me, so much the worse for him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a long silence. The crowd had almost dispersed now, the stragglers giving the monumental figure of Grawp a wide berth as he cuddled Hagrid, whose howls of grief were still echoing across the water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll be there, Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At your aunt and uncle\rquote s house,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote And then we\rquote ll go with you wherever you\rquote re going.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry quickly; he had not counted on this, he had meant them to understand that he was undertaking this most dan\-gerous journey alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You said to us once before,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly, \ldblquote that there was time to turn back if we wanted to. We\rquote ve had time, haven\rquote t we?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re with you whatever happens,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote But mate, you\rquote re\lang3081  \lang1033 going to have to come round my mum and dad\rquote s house before we do anything else, even Godric\rquote s Hollow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bill and Fleur\rquote s wedding, remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at him, startled; the idea that anything as normal as a wedding could still exist seemed incredible and yet wonderful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, we shouldn\rquote t miss that,\rdblquote  he said finally.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His hand closed automatically around the fake Horcrux, but in spite of everything, in spite of the dark and twisting path he saw stretching ahead for himself, in spite of the final meeting with Voldemort he knew must come, whether in a month, in a year, or in ten, he felt his heart lift at the thought that there was still one last golden day of peace left to enjoy with Ron and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
}
 