{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\f0\fs36 Harry Potter and the  Goblet Of Fire\par
\fs20 by\par
\fs32 J. K. Rowling\par
Illustrations by Mary Grandpr\'e9\par
\fs20\par
Arthur A. Levine Books\par
An Imprint Of Scholastic Press.\par
\par
\lang1033\i To Peter Rowling,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In Memory of Mr. Ridley\par
And to Susan Sladden,\par
Who helped Harry\par
Out of his cupboard\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i0 Text copyright \'a9 2000 by J.K. Rowling\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Illustrations by Mary GrandPre copyright \'a9 2000 Warner Bros.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All rights reserved. Published by Scholastic Press, a division of Scholastic Inc.,\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Publishers since 1920.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 SCHOLASTIC, SCHOLASTIC PRESS, and the LANTERN LOGO\lang3081\par
\lang1033 are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Scholastic Inc.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 HARRY POTTER and all related characters and elements are trademarks of Warner Bros.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No part of this publication may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the publisher. For information regarding permission, write to Scholastic Inc., Attention: Permissions Department, 555 Broadway, New York, NY 10012.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data Available\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Library of Congress catalog card number: 00-131084\par
\par
ISBN 0-439-13959-7\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Sequel to: Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Summary: \lang3081 Fourteen-year-old Harry Potter joins the Weasleys at the Quidditch World Cup, then enters his fourth year at Hogwarts Academy where he is mysteriously entered in an unusual contest that challenges his wizarding skills, friendships and character,\par
amid signs that an old enemy is growing stronger.\par
\par
\lang1033 40 39 38 37 36 35 34 33                          05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Printed in the U.S.A.     55 \par
First American edition, July 2000\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\lang3081\fs36\page Chapter 1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Riddle House\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
The villagers of Little Hangleton still called it \ldblquote the Riddle House,\rdblquote  even though it had been many years since the Rid\-dle family had lived there. It stood on a hill overlooking the village, some of its windows boarded, tiles missing from its roof, and ivy spreading unchecked over its face. Once a fine-looking manor, and easily the largest and grandest building for miles around, the Rid\-dle House was now damp, derelict, and unoccupied.\par
The Little Hangletons all agreed that the old house was \ldblquote creepy.\rdblquote  Half a century ago, something strange and horrible had happened there, something that the older inhabitants of the village still liked to discuss when topics for gossip were scarce. The story had been picked over so many times, and had been embroidered in so many places, that nobody was quite sure what the truth was anymore. Every version of the tale, however, started in the same place: Fifty years before, at daybreak on a fine summer\rquote s morning, when the Riddle House had still been well kept and impressive, a maid had entered the drawing room to find all three Riddles dead.\par
The maid had run screaming down the hill into the village and roused as many people as she could.\par
\ldblquote Lying there with their eyes wide open! Cold as ice! Still in their dinner things!\rdblquote\par
The police were summoned, and the whole of Little Hangleton had seethed with shocked curiosity and ill-disguised excitement. Nobody wasted their breath pretending to feel very sad about the Riddles, for they had been most unpopular. Elderly Mr. and Mrs. Riddle had been rich, snobbish, and rude, and their grown-up son, Tom, had been, if anything, worse. All the villagers cared about was the identity of their murderer \emdash  for plainly, three apparently healthy people did not all drop dead of natural causes on the same night.\par
The Hanged Man, the village pub, did a roaring trade that night; the whole village seemed to have turned out to discuss the murders. They were rewarded for leaving their firesides when the Riddles\rquote  cook arrived dramatically in their midst and announced to the suddenly silent pub that a man called Frank Bryce had just been arrested.\par
\ldblquote Frank!\rdblquote  cried several people. \ldblquote Never!\rdblquote\par
Frank Bryce was the Riddles\rquote  gardener. He lived alone in a run\-down cottage on the grounds of the Riddle House. Frank had come back from the war with a very stiff leg and a great dislike of crowds and loud noises, and had been working for the Riddles ever since.\par
There was a rush to buy the cook drinks and hear more details.\par
\ldblquote Always thought he was odd,\rdblquote  she told the eagerly listening vil\-lagers, after her fourth sherry. \ldblquote Unfriendly, like. I\rquote m sure if I\rquote ve of\-fered him a cuppa once, I\rquote ve offered it a hundred times. Never wanted to mix, he didn\rquote t.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, now,\rdblquote  said a woman at the bar, \ldblquote he had a hard war, Frank. He likes the quiet life. That\rquote s no reason to \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who else had a key to the back door, then?\rdblquote  barked the cook. \ldblquote There\rquote s been a spare key hanging in the gardener\rquote s cottage far back as I can remember! Nobody forced the door last night! No broken windows! All Frank had to do was creep up to the big house while we was all sleeping. \'85\rdblquote\par
The villagers exchanged dark looks.\par
\ldblquote I always thought he had a nasty look about him, right enough,\rdblquote  grunted a man at the bar.\par
\ldblquote War turned him funny, if you ask me,\rdblquote  said the landlord.\par
\ldblquote Told you I wouldn\rquote t like to get on the wrong side of Frank, didn\rquote t I, Dot?\rdblquote  said an excited woman in the corner.\par
\ldblquote Horrible temper,\rdblquote  said Dot, nodding fervently. \ldblquote I remember, when he was a kid \'85\rdblquote\par
By the following morning, hardly anyone in Little Hangleton doubted that Frank Bryce had killed the Riddles.\par
But over in the neighboring town of Great Hangleton, in the dark and dingy police station, Frank was stubbornly repeating, again and again, that he was innocent, and that the only person he had seen near the house on the day of the Riddles\rquote  deaths had been a teenage boy, a stranger, dark-haired and pale. Nobody else in the village had seen any such boy, and the police were quite sure that Frank had invented him.\par
Then, just when things were looking very serious for Frank, the report on the Riddles\rquote  bodies came back and changed everything.\par
The police had never read an odder report. A team of doctors had examined the bodies and had concluded that none of the Rid\-dles had been poisoned, stabbed, shot, strangled, suffocated, or (as far as they could tell) harmed at all. In fact (the report continued, in a tone of unmistakable bewilderment), the Riddles all appeared to be in perfect health \emdash  apart from the fact that they were all dead. The doctors did note (as though determined to find some\-thing wrong with the bodies) that each of the Riddles had a look of terror upon his or her face \emdash  but as the frustrated police said, whoever heard of three people being \i frightened\i0  to death?\par
As there was no proof that the Riddles had been murdered at all, the police were forced to let Frank go. The Riddles were buried in the Little Hangleton churchyard, and their graves remained objects of curiosity for a while. To everyone\rquote s surprise, and amid a cloud of suspicion, Frank Bryce returned to his cottage on the grounds of the Riddle House.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote S far as I\rquote m concerned, he killed them, and I don\rquote t care what the police say,\rdblquote  said Dot in the Hanged Man. \ldblquote And if he had any decency, he\rquote d leave here, knowing as how we knows he did it.\rdblquote\par
But Frank did not leave. He stayed to tend the garden for the next family who lived in the Riddle House, and then the next \emdash  for neither family stayed long. Perhaps it was partly because of Frank that the new owners said there was a nasty feeling about the place, which, in the absence of inhabitants, started to fall into disrepair.\par
\par
The wealthy man who owned the Riddle House these days neither lived there nor put it to any use; they said in the village that he kept it for \ldblquote tax reasons,\rdblquote  though nobody was very clear what these might be. The wealthy owner continued to pay Frank to do the garden\-ing, however. Frank was nearing his seventy-seventh birthday now, very deaf, his bad leg stiffer than ever, but could be seen pottering around the flower beds in fine weather, even though the weeds were starting to creep up on him, try as he might to suppress them.\par
Weeds were not the only things Frank had to contend with ei\-ther. Boys from the village made a habit of throwing stones through the windows of the Riddle House. They rode their bicycles over the lawns Frank worked so hard to keep smooth. Once or twice, they broke into the old house for a dare. They knew that old Frank\rquote s devotion to the house and grounds amounted almost to an obsession, and it amused them to see him limping across the gar\-den, brandishing his stick and yelling croakily at them. Frank, for his part, believed the boys tormented him because they, like their parents and grandparents, thought him a murderer. So when Frank awoke one night in August and saw something very odd up at the old house, he merely assumed that the boys had gone one step fur\-ther in their attempts to punish him.\par
It was Frank\rquote s bad leg that woke him; it was paining him worse than ever in his old age. He got up and limped downstairs into the kitchen with the idea of refilling his hot-water bottle to ease the stiffness in his knee. Standing at the sink, filling the kettle, he looked up at the Riddle House and saw lights glimmering in its up\-per windows. Frank knew at once what was going on. The boys had broken into the house again, and judging by the flickering quality of the light, they had started a fire.\par
Frank had no telephone, and in any case, he had deeply mis\-trusted the police ever since they had taken him in for questioning about the Riddles\rquote  deaths. He put down the kettle at once, hurried back upstairs as fast as his bad leg would allow, and was soon back in his kitchen, fully dressed and removing a rusty old key from its hook by the door. He picked up his walking stick, which was propped against the wall, and set off into the night.\par
The front door of the Riddle House bore no sign of being forced, nor did any of the windows. Frank limped around to the back of the house until he reached a door almost completely hid\-den by ivy, took out the old key, put it into the lock, and opened the door noiselessly.\par
He let himself into the cavernous kitchen. Frank had not en\-tered it for many years; nevertheless, although it was very dark, he remembered where the door into the hall was, and he groped his way toward it, his nostrils full of the smell of decay, ears pricked for any sound of footsteps or voices from overhead. He reached the hall, which was a little lighter owing to the large mullioned win\-dows on either side of the front door, and started to climb the stairs, blessing the dust that lay thick upon the stone, because it muffled the sound of his feet and stick.\par
On the landing, Frank turned right, and saw at once where the intruders were: At the very end of the passage a door stood ajar, and a flickering light shone through the gap, casting a long sliver of gold across the black floor. Frank edged closer and closer, grasping his walking stick firmly. Several feet from the entrance, he was able to see a narrow slice of the room beyond.\par
The fire, he now saw, had been lit in the grate. This surprised him. Then he stopped moving and listened intently, for a man\rquote s voice spoke within the room; it sounded timid and fearful.\par
\ldblquote There is a little more in the bottle, My Lord, if you are still hungry.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Later,\rdblquote  said a second voice. This too belonged to a man \emdash  but it was strangely high-pitched, and cold as a sudden blast of icy wind. Something about that voice made the sparse hairs on the back of Frank\rquote s neck stand up. \ldblquote Move me closer to the fire, Wormtail.\rdblquote\par
Frank turned his right ear toward the door, the better to hear. There came the clink of a bottle being put down upon some hard surface, and then the dull scraping noise of a heavy chair being dragged across the floor. Frank caught a glimpse of a small man, his back to the door, pushing the chair into place. He was wearing a long black cloak, and there was a bald patch at the back of his head. Then he went out of sight again.\par
\ldblquote Where is Nagini?\rdblquote  said the cold voice.\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  I don\rquote t know, My Lord,\rdblquote  said the first voice nervously. \ldblquote She set out to explore the house, I think. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You will milk her before we retire, Wormtail,\rdblquote  said the second voice. \ldblquote I will need feeding in the night. The journey has tired me greatly.\rdblquote\par
Brow furrowed, Frank inclined his good ear still closer to the door, listening very hard. There was a pause, and then the man called Wormtail spoke again.\par
\ldblquote My Lord, may I ask how long we are going to stay here?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A week,\rdblquote  said the cold voice. \ldblquote Perhaps longer. The place is mod\-erately comfortable, and the plan cannot proceed yet. It would be foolish to act before the Quidditch World Cup is over.\rdblquote\par
Frank inserted a gnarled finger into his ear and rotated it. Ow\-ing, no doubt, to a buildup of earwax, he had heard the word \ldblquote Quidditch,\rdblquote  which was not a word at all.\par
\ldblquote The \emdash  the Quidditch World Cup, My Lord?\rdblquote  said Wormtail. (Frank dug his finger still more vigorously into his ear.) \ldblquote Forgive me, but \emdash  I do not understand \emdash  why should we wait until the World Cup is over?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Because, fool, at this very moment wizards are pouring into the country from all over the world, and every meddler from the Min\-istry of Magic will be on duty, on the watch for signs of unusual ac\-tivity, checking and double-checking identities. They will be obsessed with security, lest the Muggles notice anything. So we wait.\rdblquote\par
Frank stopped trying to clear out his ear. He had distinctly heard the words \ldblquote Ministry of Magic,\rdblquote  \ldblquote wizards,\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Muggles.\rdblquote  Plainly, each of these expressions meant something secret, and Frank could think of only two sorts of people who would speak in code: spies and criminals. Frank tightened his hold on his walking stick once more, and listened more closely still.\par
\ldblquote Your Lordship is still determined, then?\rdblquote  Wormtail said quietly.\par
\ldblquote Certainly I am determined, Wormtail.\rdblquote  There was a note of menace in the cold voice now.\par
A slight pause followed \emdash  and then Wormtail spoke, the words tumbling from him in a rush, as though he was forcing himself to say this before he lost his nerve.\par
\ldblquote It could be done without Harry Potter, My Lord.\rdblquote\par
Another pause, more protracted, and then \emdash\par
\ldblquote Without Harry Potter?\rdblquote  breathed the second voice softly. \ldblquote I see \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My Lord, I do not say this out of concern for the boy!\rdblquote  said Wormtail, his voice rising squeakily. \ldblquote The boy is nothing to me, nothing at all! It is merely that if we were to use another witch or wizard \emdash  any wizard \emdash  the thing could be done so much more quickly! If you allowed me to leave you for a short while \emdash  you know that I can disguise myself most effectively \emdash  I could be back here in as little as two days with a suitable person \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I could use another wizard,\rdblquote  said the cold voice softly, \ldblquote that is true. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My Lord, it makes sense,\rdblquote  said Wormtail, sounding thoroughly relieved now. \ldblquote Laying hands on Harry Potter would be so difficult, he is so well protected \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And so you volunteer to go and fetch me a substitute? I won\-der \'85 perhaps the task of nursing me has become wearisome for you, \ldblquote Wormtail? Could this suggestion of abandoning the plan be nothing more than an attempt to desert me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My Lord! I \emdash  I have no wish to leave you, none at all \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do not lie to me!\rdblquote  hissed the second voice. \ldblquote I can always tell, Wormtail! You are regretting that you ever returned to me. I revolt you. I see you flinch when you look at me, feel you shudder when you touch me. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No! My devotion to Your Lordship \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Your devotion is nothing more than cowardice. You would not be here if you had anywhere else to go. How am I to survive with\-out you, when I need feeding every few hours? Who is to milk Nagini?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But you seem so much stronger, My Lord \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Liar,\rdblquote  breathed the second voice. \ldblquote I am no stronger, and a few days alone would be enough to rob me of the little health I have re\-gained under your clumsy care. \i Silence\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Wormtail, who had been sputtering incoherently, fell silent at once. For a few seconds, Frank could hear nothing but the fire crackling. Then the second man spoke once more, in a whisper that was almost a hiss.\par
\ldblquote I have my reasons for using the boy, as I have already explained to you, and I will use no other. I have waited thirteen years. A few more months will make no difference. As for the protection sur\-rounding the boy, I believe my plan will be effective. All that is needed is a little courage from you, Wormtail \emdash  courage you will find, unless you wish to feel the full extent of Lord Voldemort\rquote s wrath \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My Lord, I must speak!\rdblquote  said Wormtail, panic in his voice now. \ldblquote All through our journey I have gone over the plan in my head \emdash  My Lord, Bertha Jorkins\rquote s disappearance will not go unnoticed for long, and if we proceed, if I murder \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If?\rdblquote  whispered the second voice. \ldblquote\i If\i0 ? If you follow the plan, Wormtail, the Ministry need never know that anyone else has died. You will do it quietly and without fuss; I only wish that I could do it myself, but in my present condition \'85 Come, Wormtail, one more death and our path to Harry Potter is clear. I am not asking you to do it alone. By that time, my \i faithful\i0  servant will have re\-joined us \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i I\i0  am a faithful servant,\rdblquote  said Wormtail, the merest trace of sul\-lenness in his voice.\par
\ldblquote Wormtail, I need somebody with brains, somebody whose loy\-alty has never wavered, and you, unfortunately, fulfill neither requirement.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I found you,\rdblquote  said Wormtail, and there was definitely a sulky edge to his voice now. \ldblquote I was the one who found you. I brought you Bertha Jorkins.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That is true,\rdblquote  said the second man, sounding amused. \ldblquote A stroke of brilliance I would not have thought possible from you, Worm\-tail \emdash  though, if truth be told, you were not aware how useful she would be when you caught her, were you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  I thought she might be useful, My Lord \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Liar,\rdblquote  said the second voice again, the cruel amusement more pronounced than ever. \ldblquote However, I do not deny that her informa\-tion was invaluable. Without it, I could never have formed our plan, and for that, you will have your reward, Wormtail. I will al\-low you to perform an essential task for me, one that many of my followers would give their right hands to perform. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote R-really, My Lord? What \emdash  ?\rdblquote  Wormtail sounded terrified again.\par
\ldblquote Ah, Wormtail, you don\rquote t want me to spoil the surprise? Your part will come at the very end \'85 but I promise you, you will have the honor of being just as useful as Bertha Jorkins.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You \'85 you \'85\rdblquote  Wormtail\rquote s voice suddenly sounded hoarse, as though his mouth had gone very dry. \ldblquote You \'85 are going \'85 to kill me too?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wormtail, Wormtail,\rdblquote  said the cold voice silkily, \ldblquote why would I kill you? I killed Bertha because I had to. She was fit for nothing af\-ter my questioning, quite useless. In any case, awkward questions would have been asked if she had gone back to the Ministry with the news that she had met you on her holidays. Wizards who are supposed to be dead would do well not to run into Ministry of Magic witches at wayside inns. \'85\rdblquote\par
Wormtail muttered something so quietly that Frank could not hear it, but it made the second man laugh \emdash  an entirely mirthless laugh, cold as his speech.\par
\ldblquote\i We could have modified her memory\i0 ? But Memory Charms can be broken by a powerful wizard, as I proved when I questioned her. It would be an insult to her \i memory\i0  not to use the information I ex\-tracted from her, Wormtail.\rdblquote\par
Out in the corridor, Frank suddenly became aware that the hand gripping his walking stick was slippery with sweat. The man with the cold voice had killed a woman. He was talking about it without any kind of remorse \emdash  with \i amusement.\i0  He was dangerous \emdash  a madman. And he was planning more murders \emdash  this boy, Harry Potter, whoever he was \emdash  was in danger \emdash\par
Frank knew what he must do. Now, if ever, was the time to go to the police. He would creep out of the house and head straight for the telephone box in the village \'85 but the cold voice was speaking again, and Frank remained where he was, frozen to the spot, listen\-ing with all his might.\par
\ldblquote One more murder \'85 my faithful servant at Hogwarts \'85 Harry Potter is as good as mine, Wormtail. It is decided. There will be no more argument. But quiet \'85 I think I hear Nagini. \'85\rdblquote\par
And the second man\rquote s voice changed. He started making noises such as Frank had never heard before; he was hissing and spitting without drawing breath. Frank thought he must be having some sort of fit or seizure.\par
And then Frank heard movement behind him in the dark pas\-sageway. He turned to look, and found himself paralyzed with fright.\par
Something was slithering toward him along the dark corridor floor, and as it drew nearer to the sliver of firelight, he realized with a thrill of terror that it was a gigantic snake, at least twelve feet long. Horrified, transfixed, Frank stared as its undulating body cut a wide, curving track through the thick dust on the floor, coming closer and closer \emdash  What was he to do? The only means of escape was into the room where two men sat plotting murder, yet if he stayed where he was the snake would surely kill him \emdash\par
But before he had made his decision, the snake was level with him, and then, incredibly, miraculously, it was passing; it was fol\-lowing the spitting, hissing noises made by the cold voice beyond the door, and in seconds, the tip of its diamond-patterned tail had vanished through the gap.\par
There was sweat on Frank\rquote s forehead now, and the hand on the walking stick was trembling. Inside the room, the cold voice was continuing to hiss, and Frank was visited by a strange idea, an im\-possible idea. \'85 \i This man could talk to snakes.\i0\par
Frank didn\rquote t understand what was going on. He wanted more than anything to be back in his bed with his hot-water bottle. The problem was that his legs didn\rquote t seem to want to move. As he stood there shaking and trying to master himself, the cold voice switched abruptly to English again.\par
\ldblquote Nagini has interesting news, Wormtail,\rdblquote  it said.\par
\ldblquote In-indeed, My Lord?\rdblquote  said Wormtail.\par
\ldblquote Indeed, yes,\rdblquote  said the voice. \ldblquote According to Nagini, there is an old Muggle standing right outside this room, listening to every word we say.\rdblquote\par
Frank didn\rquote t have a chance to hide himself. There were footsteps, and then the door of the room was flung wide open.\par
A short, balding man with graying hair, a pointed nose, and small, watery eyes stood before Frank, a mixture of fear and alarm in his face.\par
\ldblquote Invite him inside, Wormtail. Where are your manners?\rdblquote\par
The cold voice was coming from the ancient armchair before the fire, but Frank couldn\rquote t see the speaker. The snake, on the other hand, was curled up on the rotting hearth rug, like some horrible travesty of a pet dog.\par
Wormtail beckoned Frank into the room. Though still deeply shaken, Frank took a firmer grip upon his walking stick and limped over the threshold.\par
The fire was the only source of light in the room; it cast long, spidery shadows upon the walls. Frank stared at the back of the armchair; the man inside it seemed to be even smaller than his ser\-vant, for Frank couldn\rquote t even see the back of his head.\par
\ldblquote You heard everything, Muggle?\rdblquote  said the cold voice.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that you\rquote re calling me?\rdblquote  said Frank defiantly, for now that he was inside the room, now that the time had come for some sort of action, he felt braver; it had always been so in the war.\par
\ldblquote I am calling you a Muggle,\rdblquote  said the voice coolly. \ldblquote It means that you are not a wizard.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know what you mean by wizard,\rdblquote  said Frank, his voice growing steadier. \ldblquote All I know is I\rquote ve heard enough to interest the police tonight, I have. You\rquote ve done murder and you\rquote re planning more! And I\rquote ll tell you this too,\rdblquote  he added, on a sudden inspiration, \ldblquote my wife knows I\rquote m up here, and if I don\rquote t come back \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You have no wife,\rdblquote  said the cold voice, very quietly. \ldblquote Nobody knows you are here. You told nobody that you were coming. Do not lie to Lord Voldemort, Muggle, for he knows \'85 he always knows. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Is that right?\rdblquote  said Frank roughly. \ldblquote Lord, is it? Well, I don\rquote t think much of your manners, \i My Lord.\i0  Turn \rquote round and face me like a man, why don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But I am not a man, Muggle,\rdblquote  said the cold voice, barely audi\-ble now over the crackling of the flames. \ldblquote I am much, much more than a man. However \'85 why not? I will face you. \'85 Wormtail, come turn my chair around.\rdblquote\par
The servant gave a whimper.\par
\ldblquote You heard me, Wormtail.\rdblquote\par
Slowly, with his face screwed up, as though he would rather have done anything than approach his master and the hearth rug where the snake lay, the small man walked forward and began to turn the chair. The snake lifted its ugly triangular head and hissed slightly as the legs of the chair snagged on its rug.\par
And then the chair was facing Frank, and he saw what was sit\-ting in it. His walking stick fell to the floor with a clatter. He opened his mouth and let out a scream. He was screaming so loudly that he never heard the words the thing in the chair spoke as it raised a wand. There was a flash of green light, a rushing sound, and Frank Bryce crumpled. He was dead before he hit the floor.\par
Two hundred miles away, the boy called Harry Potter woke with a start.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 2\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Scar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Harry lay flat on his back, breathing hard as though he had been running. He had awoken from a vivid dream with his hands pressed over his face. The old scar on his forehead, which was shaped like a bolt of lightning, was burning beneath his fingers as though someone had just pressed a white-hot wire to his skin.\par
He sat up, one hand still on his scar, the other reaching out in the darkness for his glasses, which were on the bedside table. He put them on and his bedroom came into clearer focus, lit by a faint, misty orange light that was filtering through the curtains from the street lamp outside the window.\par
Harry ran his fingers over the scar again. It was still painful. He turned on the lamp beside him, scrambled out of bed, crossed the room, opened his wardrobe, and peered into the mirror on the in\-side of the door. A skinny boy of fourteen looked back at him, his bright green eyes puzzled under his untidy black hair. He examined the lightning-bolt scar of his reflection more closely. It looked normal, but it was still stinging.\par
Harry tried to recall what he had been dreaming about before he had awoken. It had seemed so real. \'85 There had been two people he knew and one he didn\rquote t. \'85 He concentrated hard, frowning, trying to remember. \'85\par
The dim picture of a darkened room came to him. \'85 There had been a snake on a hearth rug \'85 a small man called Peter, nicknamed Wormtail \'85 and a cold, high voice \'85 the voice of Lord Voldemort. Harry felt as though an ice cube had slipped down into his stomach at the very thought. \'85\par
He closed his eyes tightly and tried to remember what Volde\-mort had looked like, but it was impossible. \'85 All Harry knew was that at the moment when Voldemort\rquote s chair had swung around, and he, Harry, had seen what was sitting in it, he had felt a spasm of horror, which had awoken him \'85 or had that been the pain in his scar?\par
And who had the old man been? For there had definitely been an old man; Harry had watched him fall to the ground. It was all be\-coming confused. Harry put his face into his hands, blocking out his bedroom, trying to hold on to the picture of that dimly lit room, but it was like trying to keep water in his cupped hands; the details were now trickling away as fast as he tried to hold on to them. \'85 Voldemort and Wormtail had been talking about some\-one they had killed, though Harry could not remember the name \'85 and they had been plotting to kill someone else \'85 \i him\i0 !\par
Harry took his face out of his hands, opened his eyes, and stared around his bedroom as though expecting to see something unusual there. As it happened, there were an extraordinary number of un\-usual things in this room. A large wooden trunk stood open at the foot of his bed, revealing a cauldron, broomstick, black robes, and assorted spellbooks. Rolls of parchment littered that part of his desk that was not taken up by the large, empty cage in which his snowy owl, Hedwig, usually perched. On the floor beside his bed a book lay open; Harry had been reading it before he fell asleep last night. The pictures in this book were all moving. Men in bright or\-ange robes were zooming in and out of sight on broomsticks, throwing a red ball to one another.\par
Harry walked over to the book, picked it up, and watched one of the wizards score a spectacular goal by putting the ball through a fifty-foot-high hoop. Then he snapped the book shut. Even Quidditch \emdash  in Harry\rquote s opinion, the best sport in the world \emdash  couldn\rquote t distract him at the moment. He placed \i Flying with the Cannons\i0  on his bedside table, crossed to the window, and drew back the curtains to survey the street below.\par
Privet Drive looked exactly as a respectable suburban street would be expected to look in the early hours of Saturday morning. All the curtains were closed. As far as Harry could see through the darkness, there wasn\rquote t a living creature in sight, not even a cat.\par
And yet \'85 and yet \'85 Harry went restlessly back to the bed and sat down on it, running a finger over his scar again. It wasn\rquote t the pain that bothered him; Harry was no stranger to pain and in\-jury. He had lost all the bones from his right arm once and had them painfully regrown in a night. The same arm had been pierced by a venomous foot-long fang not long afterward. Only last year Harry had fallen fifty feet from an airborne broomstick. He was used to bizarre accidents and injuries; they were unavoidable if you attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and had a knack for attracting a lot of trouble.\par
No, the thing that was bothering Harry was that the last time his scar had hurt him, it had been because Voldemort had been close by. \'85 But Voldemort couldn\rquote t be here, now. \'85 The idea of Voldemort lurking in Privet Drive was absurd, impossible. \'85\par
Harry listened closely to the silence around him. Was he half-expecting to hear the creak of a stair or the swish of a cloak? And then he jumped slightly as he heard his cousin Dudley give a tremendous grunting snore from the next room.\par
Harry shook himself mentally; he was being stupid. There was no one in the house with him except Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley, and they were plainly still asleep, their dreams un\-troubled and painless.\par
Asleep was the way Harry liked the Dursleys best; it wasn\rquote t as though they were ever any help to him awake. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were Harry\rquote s only living relatives. They were Muggles who hated and despised magic in any form, which meant that Harry was about as welcome in their house as dry rot. They had explained away Harry\rquote s long absences at Hogwarts over the last three years by telling everyone that he went to St. Brutus\rquote s Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys. They knew perfectly well that, as an underage wizard, Harry wasn\rquote t allowed to use magic out\-side Hogwarts, but they were still apt to blame him for anything that went wrong about the house. Harry had never been able to confide in them or tell them anything about his life in the wizard\-ing world. The very idea of going to them when they awoke, and telling them about his scar hurting him, and about his worries about Voldemort, was laughable.\par
And yet it was because of Voldemort that Harry had come to live with the Dursleys in the first place. If it hadn\rquote t been for Voldemort, Harry would not have had the lightning scar on his forehead. If it hadn\rquote t been for Voldemort, Harry would still have had parents. \'85\par
Harry had been a year old the night that Voldemort \emdash  the most powerful Dark wizard for a century, a wizard who had been gain\-ing power steadily for eleven years \emdash  arrived at his house and killed his father and mother. Voldemort had then turned his wand on Harry; he had performed the curse that had disposed of many full-grown witches and wizards in his steady rise to power \emdash  and, incredibly, it had not worked. Instead of killing the small boy, the curse had rebounded upon Voldemort. Harry had survived with nothing but a lightning-shaped cut on his forehead, and Volde\-mort had been reduced to something barely alive. His powers gone, his life almost extinguished, Voldemort had fled; the terror in which the secret community of witches and wizards had lived for so long had lifted, Voldemort\rquote s followers had disbanded, and Harry Potter had become famous.\par
It had been enough of a shock for Harry to discover, on his eleventh birthday, that he was a wizard; it had been even more dis\-concerting to find out that everyone in the hidden wizarding world knew his name. Harry had arrived at Hogwarts to find that heads turned and whispers followed him wherever he went. But he was used to it now: At the end of this summer, he would be starting his fourth year at Hogwarts, and Harry was already counting the days until he would be back at the castle again.\par
But there was still a fortnight to go before he went back to school. He looked hopelessly around his room again, and his eye paused on the birthday cards his two best friends had sent him at the end of July. What would they say if Harry wrote to them and told them about his scar hurting?\par
At once, Hermione Granger\rquote s voice seemed to fill his head, shrill and panicky.\par
\ldblquote\i Your scar hurt\i0 ?\i  Harry, that\rquote s really serious. \'85 Write to Professor Dumbledore\i0 !\i  And I\rquote ll go and check\i0  Common Magical Ailments and Afflictions. \'85 \i Maybe there\rquote s something in there about curse scars. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
Yes, that would be Hermione\rquote s advice: Go straight to the head\-master of Hogwarts, and in the meantime, consult a book. Harry stared out of the window at the inky blue-black sky. He doubted very much whether a book could help him now. As far as he knew, he was the only living person to have survived a curse like Volde\-mort\rquote s; it was highly unlikely, therefore, that he would find his symptoms listed in \i Common Magical Ailments and Afflictions.\i0  As for informing the headmaster, Harry had no idea where Dumble\-dore went during the summer holidays. He amused himself for a moment, picturing Dumbledore, with his long silver beard, full-length wizard\rquote s robes, and pointed hat, stretched out on a beach somewhere, rubbing suntan lotion onto his long crooked nose. Wherever Dumbledore was, though, Harry was sure that Hedwig would be able to find him; Harry\rquote s owl had never yet failed to de\-liver a letter to anyone, even without an address. But what would he write?\par
\i Dear Professor Dumbledore, Sorry to bother you, but my scar hurt this morning. Yours sincerely, Harry Potter.\i0\par
Even inside his head the words sounded stupid.\par
And so he tried to imagine his other best friend, Ron Weasley\rquote s, reaction, and in a moment, Ron\rquote s red hair and long-nosed, freckled face seemed to swim before Harry, wearing a bemused expression.\par
\ldblquote\i Your scar hurt\i0 ?\i  But \'85 but You-Know-Who can\rquote t be near you now, can he\i0 ?\i  I mean \'85 you\rquote d know, wouldn\rquote t you\i0 ?\i  He\rquote d be trying to do you in again, wouldn\rquote t he\i0 ?\i  I dunno, Harry, maybe curse scars always twinge a bit. \'85 I\rquote ll ask Dad. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
Mr. Weasley was a fully qualified wizard who worked in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office at the Ministry of Magic, but he didn\rquote t have any particular expertise in the matter of curses, as far as Harry knew. In any case, Harry didn\rquote t like the idea of the whole Weasley family knowing that he, Harry, was getting jumpy about a few moments\rquote  pain. Mrs. Weasley would fuss worse than Hermione, and Fred and George, Ron\rquote s sixteen-year-old twin brothers, might think Harry was losing his nerve. The Weasleys were Harry\rquote s favorite family in the world; he was hoping that they might invite him to stay any time now (Ron had mentioned some\-thing about the Quidditch World Cup), and he somehow didn\rquote t want his visit punctuated with anxious inquiries about his scar.\par
Harry kneaded his forehead with his knuckles. What he really wanted (and it felt almost shameful to admit it to himself) was someone like \emdash  someone like a \i parent\i0 : an adult wizard whose ad\-vice he could ask without feeling stupid, someone who cared about him, who had had experience with Dark Magic. \'85\par
And then the solution came to him. It was so simple, and so ob\-vious, that he couldn\rquote t believe it had taken so long \emdash  \i Sirius.\i0\par
Harry leapt up from the bed, hurried across the room, and sat down at his desk; he pulled a piece of parchment toward him, loaded his eagle-feather quill with ink, wrote \i Dear Sirius,\i0  then paused, wondering how best to phrase his problem, still marveling at the fact that he hadn\rquote t thought of Sirius straight away. But then, perhaps it wasn\rquote t so surprising \emdash  after all, he had only found out that Sirius was his godfather two months ago.\par
There was a simple reason for Sirius\rquote s complete absence from Harry\rquote s life until then \emdash  Sirius had been in Azkaban, the terrifying wizard jail guarded by creatures called dementors, sightless, soul-sucking fiends who had come to search for Sirius at Hogwarts when he had escaped. Yet Sirius had been innocent \emdash  the murders for which he had been convicted had been committed by Worm\-tail, Voldemort\rquote s supporter, whom nearly everybody now believed dead. Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew otherwise, however; they had come face-to-face with Wormtail only the previous year, though only Professor Dumbledore had believed their story.\par
For one glorious hour, Harry had believed that he was leaving the Dursleys at last, because Sirius had offered him a home once his name had been cleared. But the chance had been snatched away from him \emdash  Wormtail had escaped before they could take him to the Ministry of Magic, and Sirius had had to flee for his life. Harry had helped him escape on the back of a hippogriff called Buckbeak, and since then, Sirius had been on the run. The home Harry might have had if Wormtail had not escaped had been haunting him all summer. It had been doubly hard to return to the Dursleys know\-ing that he had so nearly escaped them forever.\par
Nevertheless, Sirius had been of some help to Harry, even if he couldn\rquote t be with him. It was due to Sirius that Harry now had all his school things in his bedroom with him. The Dursleys had never allowed this before; their general wish of keeping Harry as miser\-able as possible, coupled with their fear of his powers, had led them to lock his school trunk in the cupboard under the stairs every summer prior to this. But their attitude had changed since they had found out that Harry had a dangerous murderer for a god\-father \emdash  for Harry had conveniently forgotten to tell them that Sirius was innocent.\par
Harry had received two letters from Sirius since he had been back at Privet Drive. Both had been delivered, not by owls (as was usual with wizards), but by large, brightly colored tropical birds. Hedwig had not approved of these flashy intruders; she had been most reluctant to allow them to drink from her water tray before flying off again. Harry, on the other hand, had liked them; they put him in mind of palm trees and white sand, and he hoped that, wherever Sirius was (Sirius never said, in case the letters were inter\-cepted), he was enjoying himself. Somehow, Harry found it hard to imagine dementors surviving for long in bright sunlight; perhaps that was why Sirius had gone south. Sirius\rquote s letters, which were now hidden beneath the highly useful loose floorboard under Harry\rquote s bed, sounded cheerful, and in both of them he had reminded Harry to call on him if ever Harry needed to. Well, he needed to now, all right. \'85\par
Harry\rquote s lamp seemed to grow dimmer as the cold gray light that precedes sunrise slowly crept into the room. Finally, when the sun had risen, when his bedroom walls had turned gold, and when sounds of movement could be heard from Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia\rquote s room, Harry cleared his desk of crumpled pieces of parch\-ment and reread his finished letter.\par
\par
\i Dear Sirius,\i0\par
\i Thanks for your last letter. That bird was enormous\i0 ;\i  it could hardly get through my window.\i0\par
\i Things are the same as usual here. Dudley\rquote s diet isn\rquote t going too well. My aunt found him smuggling doughnuts into his room yesterday. They told him they\rquote d have to cut his pocket money if he keeps doing it, so he got really angry and chucked his PlayStation out of the window. That\rquote s a sort of computer thing you can play games on. Bit stupid really, now he hasn\rquote t even got\i0  Mega-Mutilation Part Three \i to take his mind off things\i0 .\par
\i I\rquote m okay, mainly because the Dursleys are terrified you might turn up and turn them all into bats if I ask you to.\i0\par
\i A weird thing happened this morning, though. My scar hurt again. Last time that happened it was because Voldemort was at Hogwarts. But I don\rquote t reckon he can be anywhere near me now, can he\i0 ? \i Do you know if curse scars sometimes hurt years afterward\i0 ?\par
\i I\rquote ll send this with Hedwig when she gets back; she\rquote s off hunt\'acing at the moment. Say hello to Buckbeak for me.\par
\par
Harry\par
\i0\par
Yes, thought Harry, that looked all right. There was no point putting in the dream; he didn\rquote t want it to look as though he was too worried. He folded up the parchment and laid it aside on his desk, ready for when Hedwig returned. Then he got to his feet, stretched, and opened his wardrobe once more. Without glancing at his re\-flection, he started to get dressed before going down to breakfast.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Invitation\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
By the time Harry arrived in the kitchen, the three Dursleys were already seated around the table. None of them looked up as he entered or sat down. Uncle Vernon\rquote s large red face was hidden behind the morning\rquote s \i Daily Mail, \i0 and Aunt Petunia was cutting a grapefruit into quarters, her lips pursed over her horselike teeth.\par
Dudley looked furious and sulky, and somehow seemed to be taking up even more space than usual. This was saying something, as he always took up an entire side of the square table by himself. When Aunt Petunia put a quarter of unsweetened grapefruit onto Dudley\rquote s plate with a tremulous \ldblquote There you are, Diddy darling,\rdblquote  Dudley glowered at her. His life had taken a most unpleasant turn since he had come home for the summer with his end-of-year report.\par
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia had managed to find excuses for his bad marks as usual: Aunt Petunia always insisted that Dud\-ley was a very gifted boy whose teachers didn\rquote t understand him, while Uncle Vernon maintained that \ldblquote he didn\rquote t want some swotty little nancy boy for a son anyway.\rdblquote  They also skated over the accu\-sations of bullying in the report \emdash  \ldblquote He\rquote s a boisterous little boy, but he wouldn\rquote t hurt a fly!\rdblquote  Aunt Petunia had said tearfully.\par
However, at the bottom of the report there were a few well-chosen comments from the school nurse that not even Uncle Ver\-non and Aunt Petunia could explain away. No matter how much Aunt Petunia wailed that Dudley was big-boned, and that his poundage was really puppy fat, and that he was a growing boy who needed plenty of food, the fact remained that the school outfitters didn\rquote t stock knickerbockers big enough for him anymore. The school nurse had seen what Aunt Petunia\rquote s eyes \emdash  so sharp when it came to spotting fingerprints on her gleaming walls, and in ob\-serving the comings and goings of the neighbors \emdash  simply refused to see: that far from needing extra nourishment, Dudley had reached roughly the size and weight of a young killer whale.\par
So \emdash  after many tantrums, after arguments that shook Harry\rquote s bedroom floor, and many tears from Aunt Petunia \emdash  the new regime had begun. The diet sheet that had been sent by the Smelt\-ings school nurse had been taped to the fridge, which had been emptied of all Dudley\rquote s favorite things \emdash  fizzy drinks and cakes, chocolate bars and burgers \emdash  and filled instead with fruit and veg\-etables and the sorts of things that Uncle Vernon called \ldblquote rabbit food.\rdblquote  To make Dudley feel better about it all, Aunt Petunia had insisted that the whole family follow the diet too. She now passed a grapefruit quarter to Harry. He noticed that it was a lot smaller than Dudley\rquote s. Aunt Petunia seemed to feel that the best way to keep up Dudley\rquote s morale was to make sure that he did, at least, get more to eat than Harry.\par
But Aunt Petunia didn\rquote t know what was hidden under the loose floorboard upstairs. She had no idea that Harry was not following the diet at all. The moment he had got wind of the fact that he was expected to survive the summer on carrot sticks, Harry had sent Hedwig to his friends with pleas for help, and they had risen to the occasion magnificently. Hedwig had returned from Hermione\rquote s house with a large box stuffed full of sugar-free snacks. (Hermione\rquote s parents were dentists.) Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, had obliged with a sack full of his own homemade rock cakes. (Harry hadn\rquote t touched these; he had had too much experience of Hagrid\rquote s cooking.) Mrs. Weasley, however, had sent the family owl, Errol, with an enormous fruitcake and assorted meat pies. Poor Errol, who was elderly and feeble, had needed a full five days to recover from the journey. And then on Harry\rquote s birthday (which the Dursleys had completely ignored) he had received four superb birthday cakes, one each from Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, and Sirius. Harry still had two of them left, and so, looking forward to a real breakfast when he got back upstairs, he ate his grapefruit without complaint.\par
Uncle Vernon laid aside his paper with a deep sniff of disap\-proval and looked down at his own grapefruit quarter.\par
\ldblquote Is this it?\rdblquote  he said grumpily to Aunt Petunia.\par
Aunt Petunia gave him a severe look, and then nodded pointedly at Dudley, who had already finished his own grapefruit quarter and was eyeing Harry\rquote s with a very sour look in his piggy little eyes.\par
Uncle Vernon gave a great sigh, which ruffled his large, bushy mustache, and picked up his spoon.\par
The doorbell rang. Uncle Vernon heaved himself out of his chair and set off down the hall. Quick as a flash, while his mother was occupied with the kettle, Dudley stole the rest of Uncle Vernon\rquote s grapefruit.\par
Harry heard talking at the door, and someone laughing, and Uncle Vernon answering curtly. Then the front door closed, and the sound of ripping paper came from the hall.\par
Aunt Petunia set the teapot down on the table and looked curi\-ously around to see where Uncle Vernon had got to. She didn\rquote t have to wait long to find out; after about a minute, he was back. He looked livid.\par
\ldblquote You,\rdblquote  he barked at Harry. \ldblquote In the living room. Now.\rdblquote\par
Bewildered, wondering what on earth he was supposed to have done this time, Harry got up and followed Uncle Vernon out of the kitchen and into the next room. Uncle Vernon closed the door sharply behind both of them.\par
\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  he said, marching over to the fireplace and turning to face Harry as though he were about to pronounce him under arrest. \ldblquote\i So.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry would have dearly loved to have said, \ldblquote So what?\rdblquote  but he didn\rquote t feel that Uncle Vernon\rquote s temper should be tested this early in the morning, especially when it was already under severe strain from lack of food. He therefore settled for looking politely puzzled.\par
\ldblquote This just arrived,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon. He brandished a piece of purple writing paper at Harry. \ldblquote A letter. About you.\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s confusion increased. Who would be writing to Uncle Vernon about him? Who did he know who sent letters by the postman?\par
Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, then looked down at the letter and began to read aloud:\par
\par
\i Dear Mr. and Mrs. Dursley,\i0\par
\i We have never been introduced, but I am sure you have heard a great deal from Harry about my son Ron.\i0\par
\i As Harry might have told you, the final of the Quidditch World Cup takes place this Monday night, and my husband, Arthur, has just managed to get prime tickets through his con\-nections at the Department of Magical Games and Sports.\i0\par
\i I do hope you will allow us to take Harry to the match, as this really is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity; Britain hasn\rquote t hosted the cup for thirty years, and tickets are extremely hard to come by. We would of course be glad to have Harry stay for the remainder of the summer holidays, and to see him safely onto the train back to school.\i0\par
\i It would be best for Harry to send us your answer as quickly as possible in the normal way, because the Muggle postman has never delivered to our house, and I am not sure he even knows where it is.\i0\par
\i Hoping to see Harry soon,\i0\par
\i Yours sincerely,\par
Molly Weasley\par
\i0\par
\i P.S. I do hope we\rquote ve put enough stamps on\i0 .\par
\par
Uncle Vernon finished reading, put his hand back into his breast pocket, and drew out something else.\par
\ldblquote Look at this,\rdblquote  he growled.\par
He held up the envelope in which Mrs. Weasley\rquote s letter had come, and Harry had to fight down a laugh. Every bit of it was covered in stamps except for a square inch on the front, into which Mrs. Weasley had squeezed the Dursleys\rquote  address in minute writing.\par
\ldblquote She did put enough stamps on, then,\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to sound as though Mrs. Weasley\rquote s was a mistake anyone could make. His uncle\rquote s eyes flashed.\par
\ldblquote The postman noticed,\rdblquote  he said through gritted teeth. \ldblquote Very in\-terested to know where this letter came from, he was. That\rquote s why he rang the doorbell. Seemed to think it was \i funny.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t say anything. Other people might not understand why Uncle Vernon was making a fuss about too many stamps, but Harry had lived with the Dursleys too long not to know how touchy they were about anything even slightly out of the ordinary. Their worst fear was that someone would find out that they were connected (however distantly) with people like Mrs. Weasley.\par
Uncle Vernon was still glaring at Harry, who tried to keep his ex\-pression neutral. If he didn\rquote t do or say anything stupid, he might just be in for the treat of a lifetime. He waited for Uncle Vernon to say something, but he merely continued to glare. Harry decided to break the silence.\par
\ldblquote So \emdash  can I go then?\rdblquote  he asked.\par
A slight spasm crossed Uncle Vernon\rquote s large purple face. The mustache bristled. Harry thought he knew what was going on be\-hind the mustache: a furious battle as two of Uncle Vernon\rquote s most fundamental instincts came into conflict. Allowing Harry to go would make Harry happy, something Uncle Vernon had struggled against for thirteen years. On the other hand, allowing Harry to disappear to the Weasleys\rquote  for the rest of the summer would get rid of him two weeks earlier than anyone could have hoped, and Uncle Vernon hated having Harry in the house. To give himself thinking time, it seemed, he looked down at Mrs. Weasley\rquote s letter again.\par
\ldblquote Who is this woman?\rdblquote  he said, staring at the signature with distaste.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve seen her,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote She\rquote s my friend Ron\rquote s mother, she was meeting him off the Hog \emdash  off the school train at the end of last term.\rdblquote\par
He had almost said \ldblquote Hogwarts Express,\rdblquote  and that was a sure way to get his uncle\rquote s temper up. Nobody ever mentioned the name of Harry\rquote s school aloud in the Dursley household.\par
Uncle Vernon screwed up his enormous face as though trying to remember something very unpleasant.\par
\ldblquote Dumpy sort of woman?\rdblquote  he growled finally. \ldblquote Load of children with red hair?\rdblquote\par
Harry frowned. He thought it was a bit rich of Uncle Vernon to call anyone \ldblquote dumpy,\rdblquote  when his own son, Dudley, had finally achieved what he\rquote d been threatening to do since the age of three, and become wider than he was tall.\par
Uncle Vernon was perusing the letter again.\par
\ldblquote Quidditch,\rdblquote  he muttered under his breath. \ldblquote\i Quidditch\i0  \emdash  what is this rubbish?\rdblquote\par
Harry felt a second stab of annoyance.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a sport,\rdblquote  he said shortly. \ldblquote Played on broom \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right, all right!\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon loudly. Harry saw, with some satisfaction, that his uncle looked vaguely panicky. Appar\-ently his nerves couldn\rquote t stand the sound of the word \ldblquote broom\-sticks\rdblquote  in his living room. He took refuge in perusing the letter again. Harry saw his lips form the words \ldblquote send us your answer \'85 in the normal way.\rdblquote  He scowled.\par
\ldblquote What does she mean, \lquote the normal way\rquote ?\rdblquote  he spat.\par
\ldblquote Normal for us,\rdblquote  said Harry, and before his uncle could stop him, he added, \ldblquote you know, owl post. That\rquote s what\rquote s normal for wizards.\rdblquote\par
Uncle Vernon looked as outraged as if Harry had just uttered a disgusting swear word. Shaking with anger, he shot a nervous look through the window, as though expecting to see some of the neigh\-bors with their ears pressed against the glass.\par
\ldblquote How many times do I have to tell you not to mention that un\-naturalness under my roof?\rdblquote  he hissed, his face now a rich plum color. \ldblquote You stand there, in the clothes Petunia and I have put on your ungrateful back \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Only after Dudley finished with them,\rdblquote  said Harry coldly, and indeed, he was dressed in a sweatshirt so large for him that he had had to roll back the sleeves five times so as to be able to use his hands, and which fell past the knees of his extremely baggy jeans.\par
\ldblquote I will not be spoken to like that!\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, trembling with rage.\par
But Harry wasn\rquote t going to stand for this. Gone were the days when he had been forced to take every single one of the Dursleys\rquote  stupid rules. He wasn\rquote t following Dudley\rquote s diet, and he wasn\rquote t going to let Uncle Vernon stop him from going to the Quidditch World Cup, not if he could help it. Harry took a deep, steadying breath and then said, \ldblquote Okay, I can\rquote t see the World Cup. Can I go now, then? Only I\rquote ve got a letter to Sirius I want to finish. You know \emdash  my godfather.\rdblquote\par
He had done it. He had said the magic words. Now he watched the purple recede blotchily from Uncle Vernon\rquote s face, making it look like badly mixed black currant ice cream.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re \emdash  you\rquote re writing to him, are you?\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, in a would-be calm voice \emdash  but Harry had seen the pupils of his tiny eyes contract with sudden fear.\par
\ldblquote Well \emdash  yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, casually. \ldblquote It\rquote s been a while since he heard from me, and, you know, if he doesn\rquote t, he might start think\-ing something\rquote s wrong.\rdblquote\par
He stopped there to enjoy the effect of these words. He could al\-most see the cogs working under Uncle Vernon\rquote s thick, dark, neatly parted hair. If he tried to stop Harry writing to Sirius, Sirius would think Harry was being mistreated. If he told Harry he couldn\rquote t go to the Quidditch World Cup, Harry would write and tell Sirius, who would \i know\i0  Harry was being mistreated. There was only one thing for Uncle Vernon to do. Harry could see the conclusion forming in his uncle\rquote s mind as though the great mustached face were transparent. Harry tried not to smile, to keep his own face as blank as possible. And then \emdash\par
\ldblquote Well, all right then. You can go to this ruddy \'85 this stupid \'85 this World Cup thing. You write and tell these \emdash  these \i Weasleys \i0 they\rquote re to pick you up, mind. I haven\rquote t got time to go dropping you off all over the country. And you can spend the rest of the summer there. And you can tell your \emdash  your godfather \'85 tell him \'85 tell him you\rquote re going.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Okay then,\rdblquote  said Harry brightly.\par
He turned and walked toward the living room door, fighting the urge to jump into the air and whoop. He was going \'85 he was going to the Weasleys\rquote , he was going to watch the Quidditch World Cup!\par
Outside in the hall he nearly ran into Dudley, who had been lurking behind the door, clearly hoping to overhear Harry being told off. He looked shocked to see the broad grin on Harry\rquote s face.\par
\ldblquote That was an \i excellent\i0  breakfast, wasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I feel really full, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
Laughing at the astonished look on Dudley\rquote s face, Harry took the stairs three at a time, and hurled himself back into his bedroom.\par
The first thing he saw was that Hedwig was back. She was sitting in her cage, staring at Harry with her enormous amber eyes, and clicking her beak in the way that meant she was annoyed about something. Exactly what was annoying her became apparent al\-most at once.\par
\ldblquote OUCH!\rdblquote  said Harry as what appeared to be a small, gray, feathery tennis ball collided with the side of his head. Harry mas\-saged the spot furiously, looking up to see what had hit him, and saw a minute owl, small enough to fit into the palm of his hand, whizzing excitedly around the room like a loose firework. Harry then realized that the owl had dropped a letter at his feet. Harry bent down, recognized Ron\rquote s handwriting, then tore open the en\-velope. Inside was a hastily scribbled note.\par
\par
\i Harry \emdash  DAD GOT THE TICKETS \i0\emdash  \i Ireland versus Bulgaria, Monday night. Mum\rquote s writing to the Muggles to ask you to stay. They might already have the letter, I don\rquote t know how fast Muggle post is. Thought I\rquote d send this with Pig anyway.\i0\par
\par
Harry stared at the word \ldblquote Pig,\rdblquote  then looked up at the tiny owl now zooming around the light fixture on the ceiling. He had never seen anything that looked less like a pig. Maybe he couldn\rquote t read Ron\rquote s writing. He went back to the letter:\par
\par
\i We\rquote re coming for you whether the Muggles like it or not, you can\rquote t miss the World Cup, only Mum and Dad reckon it\rquote s better if we pretend to ask their permission first. If they say yes, send Pig back with your answer pronto, and we\rquote ll come and get you at five o\rquote clock on Sunday. If they say no, send Pig back pronto and we\rquote ll come and get you at five o\rquote clock on Sunday anyway.\i0\par
\i Hermione\rquote s arriving this afternoon. Percy\rquote s started work \i0\emdash  \i the Department of International Magical Cooperation. Don\rquote t mention anything about Abroad while you\rquote re here unless you want the pants bored off you.\i0\par
\i See you soon \i0\emdash\par
\par
\i Ron\par
\i0\par
\ldblquote Calm down!\rdblquote  Harry said as the small owl flew low over his head, twittering madly with what Harry could only assume was pride at having delivered the letter to the right person. \ldblquote Come here, I need you to take my answer back!\rdblquote\par
The owl fluttered down on top of Hedwig\rquote s cage. Hedwig looked coldly up at it, as though daring it to try and come any closer.\par
Harry seized his eagle-feather quill once more, grabbed a fresh piece of parchment, and wrote:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\i Ron, it\rquote s all okay, the Muggles say I can come. See you five o\rquote clock tomorrow. Can\rquote t wait.\par
\par
Harry\i0\par
\par
He folded this note up very small, and with immense difficulty, tied it to the tiny owl\rquote s leg as it hopped on the spot with excite\-ment. The moment the note was secure, the owl was off again; it zoomed out of the window and out of sight.\par
Harry turned to Hedwig.\par
\ldblquote Feeling up to a long journey?\rdblquote  he asked her.\par
Hedwig hooted in a dignified sort of a way.\par
\ldblquote Can you take this to Sirius for me?\rdblquote  he said, picking up his let\-ter. \ldblquote Hang on \'85 I just want to finish it.\rdblquote\par
He unfolded the parchment and hastily added a postscript.\par
\par
\i If you want to contact me, I\rquote ll be at my friend Ron Weasley\rquote s for the rest of the summer. His dad\rquote s got us tickets for the Quid\-ditch World Cup\i0 !\par
\par
The letter finished, he tied it to Hedwig\rquote s leg; she kept unusually still, as though determined to show him how a real post owl should behave.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll be at Ron\rquote s when you get back, all right?\rdblquote  Harry told her.\par
She nipped his finger affectionately, then, with a soft swooshing noise, spread her enormous wings and soared out of the open window.\par
Harry watched her out of sight, then crawled under his bed, wrenched up the loose floorboard, and pulled out a large chunk of birthday cake. He sat there on the floor eating it, savoring the hap\-piness that was flooding through him. He had cake, and Dudley had nothing but grapefruit; it was a bright summer\rquote s day, he would be leaving Privet Drive tomorrow, his scar felt perfectly normal again, and he was going to watch the Quidditch World Cup. It was hard, just now, to feel worried about anything \emdash  even Lord Voldemort.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 4\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Back to the Burrow\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
By twelve o\rquote clock the next day, Harry\rquote s school trunk was packed with his school things and all his most prized possessions \emdash  the Invisibility Cloak he had inherited from his father, the broom\-stick he had gotten from Sirius, the enchanted map of Hogwarts he had been given by Fred and George Weasley last year. He had emp\-tied his hiding place under the loose floorboard of all food, double-checked every nook and cranny of his bedroom for forgotten spellbooks or quills, and taken down the chart on the wall count\-ing down the days to September the first, on which he liked to cross off the days remaining until his return to Hogwarts.\par
The atmosphere inside number four, Privet Drive was extremely tense. The imminent arrival at their house of an assortment of wiz\-ards was making the Dursleys uptight and irritable. Uncle Vernon had looked downright alarmed when Harry informed him that the Weasleys would be arriving at five o\rquote clock the very next day.\par
\ldblquote I hope you told them to dress properly, these people,\rdblquote  he snarled at once. \ldblquote I\rquote ve seen the sort of stuff your lot wear. They\rquote d better have the decency to put on normal clothes, that\rquote s all.\rdblquote\par
Harry felt a slight sense of foreboding. He had rarely seen Mr. or Mrs. Weasley wearing anything that the Dursleys would call \ldblquote nor\-mal.\rdblquote  Their children might don Muggle clothing during the holi\-days, but Mr. and Mrs. Weasley usually wore long robes in varying states of shabbiness. Harry wasn\rquote t bothered about what the neigh\-bors would think, but he was anxious about how rude the Dursleys might be to the Weasleys if they turned up looking like their worst idea of wizards.\par
Uncle Vernon had put on his best suit. To some people, this might have looked like a gesture of welcome, but Harry knew it was because Uncle Vernon wanted to look impressive and intimi\-dating. Dudley, on the other hand, looked somehow diminished. This was not because the diet was at last taking effect, but due to fright. Dudley had emerged from his last encounter with a fully-grown wizard with a curly pig\rquote s tail poking out of the seat of his trousers, and Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had had to pay for its removal at a private hospital in London. It wasn\rquote t altogether sur\-prising, therefore, that Dudley kept running his hand nervously over his backside, and walking sideways from room to room, so as not to present the same target to the enemy.\par
Lunch was an almost silent meal. Dudley didn\rquote t even protest at the food (cottage cheese and grated celery). Aunt Petunia wasn\rquote t eating anything at all. Her arms were folded, her lips were pursed, and she seemed to be chewing her tongue, as though biting back the furious diatribe she longed to throw at Harry.\par
\ldblquote They\rquote ll be driving, of course?\rdblquote  Uncle Vernon barked across the table.\par
\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
He hadn\rquote t thought of that. How \i were\i0  the Weasleys going to pick him up? They didn\rquote t have a car anymore; the old Ford Anglia they had once owned was currently running wild in the Forbidden For\-est at Hogwarts. But Mr. Weasley had borrowed a Ministry of Magic car last year; possibly he would do the same today?\par
\ldblquote I think so,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Uncle Vernon snorted into his mustache. Normally, Uncle Ver\-non would have asked what car Mr. Weasley drove; he tended to judge other men by how big and expensive their cars were. But Harry doubted whether Uncle Vernon would have taken to Mr. Weasley even if he drove a Ferrari.\par
Harry spent most of the afternoon in his bedroom; he couldn\rquote t stand watching Aunt Petunia peer out through the net curtains every few seconds, as though there had been a warning about an es\-caped rhinoceros. Finally, at a quarter to five, Harry went back downstairs and into the living room.\par
Aunt Petunia was compulsively straightening cushions. Uncle Vernon was pretending to read the paper, but his tiny eyes were not moving, and Harry was sure he was really listening with all his might for the sound of an approaching car. Dudley was crammed into an armchair, his porky hands beneath him, clamped firmly around his bottom. Harry couldn\rquote t take the tension; he left the room and went and sat on the stairs in the hall, his eyes on his watch and his heart pumping fast from excitement and nerves.\par
But five o\rquote clock came and then went. Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in his suit, opened the front door, peered up and down the street, then withdrew his head quickly.\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re late!\rdblquote  he snarled at Harry.\par
\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Maybe \emdash  er \emdash  the traffic\rquote s bad, or something.\rdblquote\par
Ten past five \'85 then a quarter past five \'85 Harry was starting to feel anxious himself now. At half past, he heard Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia conversing in terse mutters in the living room.\par
\ldblquote No consideration at all.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We might\rquote ve had an engagement.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe they think they\rquote ll get invited to dinner if they\rquote re late.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, they most certainly won\rquote t be,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, and Harry heard him stand up and start pacing the living room. \ldblquote They\rquote ll take the boy and go, there\rquote ll be no hanging around. That\rquote s if they\rquote re coming at all. Probably mistaken the day. I daresay \i their kind\i0  don\rquote t set much store by punctuality. Either that or they drive some tin-pot car that\rquote s broken d \emdash  AAAAAAAARRRRRGH!\rdblquote\par
Harry jumped up. From the other side of the living room door came the sounds of the three Dursleys scrambling, panic-stricken, across the room. Next moment Dudley came flying into the hall, looking terrified.\par
\ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote\par
But Dudley didn\rquote t seem able to speak. Hands still clamped over his buttocks, he waddled as fast as he could into the kitchen. Harry hurried into the living room.\par
Loud hangings and scrapings were coming from behind the Dursleys\rquote  boarded-up fireplace, which had a fake coal fire plugged in front of it.\par
\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  gasped Aunt Petunia, who had backed into the wall and was staring, terrified, toward the fire. \ldblquote What is it, Vernon?\rdblquote\par
But they were left in doubt barely a second longer. Voices could be heard from inside the blocked fireplace.\par
\ldblquote Ouch! Fred, no \emdash  go back, go back, there\rquote s been some kind of mistake \emdash  tell George not to \emdash  OUCH! George, no, there\rquote s no room, go back quickly and tell Ron \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe Harry can hear us, Dad \emdash  maybe he\rquote ll be able to let us out \emdash\rdblquote\par
There was a loud hammering of fists on the boards behind the electric fire.\par
\ldblquote Harry? Harry, can you hear us?\rdblquote\par
The Dursleys rounded on Harry like a pair of angry wolverines.\par
\ldblquote What is this?\rdblquote  growled Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They \emdash  they\rquote ve tried to get here by Floo powder,\rdblquote  said Harry, fighting a mad desire to laugh. \ldblquote They can travel by fire \emdash  only you\rquote ve blocked the fireplace \emdash  hang on \emdash\rdblquote\par
He approached the fireplace and called through the boards.\par
\ldblquote Mr. Weasley? Can you hear me?\rdblquote\par
The hammering stopped. Somebody inside the chimney piece said, \ldblquote Shh!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mr. Weasley, it\rquote s Harry \'85 the fireplace has been blocked up. You won\rquote t be able to get through there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Damn!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley\rquote s voice. \ldblquote What on earth did they want to block up the fireplace for?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They\rquote ve got an electric fire,\rdblquote  Harry explained.\par
\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley\rquote s voice excitedly. \ldblquote Eclectic, you say? With a \i plug\i0 ? Gracious, I must see that. \'85 Let\rquote s think \'85 ouch, Ron!\rdblquote\par
Ron\rquote s voice now joined the others\rquote .\par
\ldblquote What are we doing here? Has something gone wrong?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh no, Ron,\rdblquote  came Fred\rquote s voice, very sarcastically. \ldblquote No, this is exactly where we wanted to end up.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, we\rquote re having the time of our lives here,\rdblquote  said George, whose voice sounded muffled, as though he was squashed against the wall.\par
\ldblquote Boys, boys \'85\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley vaguely. \ldblquote I\rquote m trying to think what to do. \'85 Yes \'85 only way \'85 Stand back, Harry.\rdblquote\par
Harry retreated to the sofa. Uncle Vernon, however, moved forward.\par
\ldblquote Wait a moment!\rdblquote  he bellowed at the fire. \ldblquote What exactly are you going to \emdash\rdblquote\par
BANG.\par
The electric fire shot across the room as the boarded-up fireplace burst outward, expelling Mr. Weasley, Fred, George, and Ron in a cloud of rubble and loose chippings. Aunt Petunia shrieked and fell backward over the coffee table; Uncle Vernon caught her before she hit the floor, and gaped, speechless, at the Weasleys, all of whom had bright red hair, including Fred and George, who were identical to the last freckle.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s better,\rdblquote  panted Mr. Weasley, brushing dust from his long green robes and straightening his glasses. \ldblquote Ah \emdash  you must be Harry\rquote s aunt and uncle!\rdblquote\par
Tall, thin, and balding, he moved toward Uncle Vernon, his hand outstretched, but Uncle Vernon backed away several paces, dragging Aunt Petunia. Words utterly failed Uncle Vernon. His best suit was covered in white dust, which had settled in his hair and mustache and made him look as though he had just aged thirty years.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  yes \emdash  sorry about that,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, lowering his hand and looking over his shoulder at the blasted fireplace. \ldblquote It\rquote s all my fault. It just didn\rquote t occur to me that we wouldn\rquote t be able to get out at the other end. I had your fireplace connected to the Floo Network, you see \emdash  just for an afternoon, you know, so we could get Harry. Muggle fireplaces aren\rquote t supposed to be connected, strictly speaking \emdash  but I\rquote ve got a useful contact at the Floo Regu\-lation Panel and he fixed it for me. I can put it right in a jiffy, though, don\rquote t worry. I\rquote ll light a fire to send the boys back, and then I can repair your fireplace before I Disapparate.\rdblquote\par
Harry was ready to bet that the Dursleys hadn\rquote t understood a single word of this. They were still gaping at Mr. Weasley, thun\-derstruck. Aunt Petunia staggered upright again and hid behind Uncle Vernon.\par
\ldblquote Hello, Harry!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley brightly. \ldblquote Got your trunk ready?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s upstairs,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning back.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll get it,\rdblquote  said Fred at once. Winking at Harry, he and George left the room. They knew where Harry\rquote s bedroom was, hav\-ing once rescued him from it in the dead of night. Harry suspected that Fred and George were hoping for a glimpse of Dudley; they had heard a lot about him from Harry.\par
\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, swinging his arms slightly, while he tried to find words to break the very nasty silence. \ldblquote Very \emdash  erm \emdash  very nice place you\rquote ve got here.\rdblquote\par
As the usually spotless living room was now covered in dust and bits of brick, this remark didn\rquote t go down too well with the Durs\-leys. Uncle Vernon\rquote s face purpled once more, and Aunt Petunia started chewing her tongue again. However, they seemed too scared to actually say anything.\par
Mr. Weasley was looking around. He loved everything to do with Muggles. Harry could see him itching to go and examine the television and the video recorder.\par
\ldblquote They run off eckeltricity, do they?\rdblquote  he said knowledgeably. \ldblquote Ah yes, I can see the plugs. I collect plugs,\rdblquote  he added to Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote And batteries. Got a very large collection of batteries. My wife thinks I\rquote m mad, but there you are.\rdblquote\par
Uncle Vernon clearly thought Mr. Weasley was mad too. He moved ever so slightly to the right, screening Aunt Petunia from view, as though he thought Mr. Weasley might suddenly run at them and attack.\par
Dudley suddenly reappeared in the room. Harry could hear the clunk of his trunk on the stairs, and knew that the sounds had scared Dudley out of the kitchen. Dudley edged along the wall, gazing at Mr. Weasley with terrified eyes, and attempted to conceal himself behind his mother and father. Unfortunately, Uncle Ver\-non\rquote s bulk, while sufficient to hide bony Aunt Petunia, was nowhere near enough to conceal Dudley.\par
\ldblquote Ah, this is your cousin, is it, Harry?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, taking another brave stab at making conversation.\par
\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote that\rquote s Dudley.\rdblquote\par
He and Ron exchanged glances and then quickly looked away from each other; the temptation to burst out laughing was almost overwhelming. Dudley was still clutching his bottom as though afraid it might fall off. Mr. Weasley, however, seemed genuinely concerned at Dudley\rquote s peculiar behavior. Indeed, from the tone of his voice when he next spoke, Harry was quite sure that Mr. Weasley thought Dudley was quite as mad as the Dursleys thought \i he \i0 was, except that Mr. Weasley felt sympathy rather than fear.\par
\ldblquote Having a good holiday, Dudley?\rdblquote  he said kindly.\par
Dudley whimpered. Harry saw his hands tighten still harder over his massive backside.\par
Fred and George came back into the room carrying Harry\rquote s school trunk. They glanced around as they entered and spotted Dudley. Their faces cracked into identical evil grins.\par
\ldblquote Ah, right,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Better get cracking then.\rdblquote\par
He pushed up the sleeves of his robes and took out his wand. Harry saw the Dursleys draw back against the wall as one.\par
\ldblquote\i Incendio\i0 !\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, pointing his wand at the hole in the wall behind him.\par
Flames rose at once in the fireplace, crackling merrily as though they had been burning for hours. Mr. Weasley took a small draw\-string bag from his pocket, untied it, took a pinch of the powder inside, and threw it onto the flames, which turned emerald green and roared higher than ever.\par
\ldblquote Off you go then, Fred,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote Coming,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote Oh no \emdash  hang on \emdash\rdblquote\par
A bag of sweets had spilled out of Fred\rquote s pocket and the contents were now rolling in every direction \emdash  big, fat toffees in brightly colored wrappers.\par
Fred scrambled around, cramming them back into his pocket, then gave the Dursleys a cheery wave, stepped forward, and walked right into the fire, saying \ldblquote the Burrow!\rdblquote  Aunt Petunia gave a little shuddering gasp. There was a whooshing sound, and Fred vanished.\par
\ldblquote Right then, George,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, \ldblquote you and the trunk.\rdblquote\par
Harry helped George carry the trunk forward into the flames and turn it onto its end so that he could hold it better. Then, with a second whoosh, George had cried \ldblquote the Burrow!\rdblquote  and vanished too.\par
\ldblquote Ron, you next,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote See you,\rdblquote  said Ron brightly to the Dursleys. He grinned broadly at Harry, then stepped into the fire, shouted \ldblquote the Burrow!\rdblquote  and disappeared.\par
Now Harry and Mr. Weasley alone remained.\par
\ldblquote Well \'85 \rquote bye then,\rdblquote  Harry said to the Dursleys.\par
They didn\rquote t say anything at all. Harry moved toward the fire, but just as he reached the edge of the hearth, Mr. Weasley put out a hand and held him back. He was looking at the Dursleys in amazement.\par
\ldblquote Harry said good-bye to you,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t you hear him?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t matter,\rdblquote  Harry muttered to Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Honestly, I don\rquote t care.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Weasley did not remove his hand from Harry\rquote s shoulder.\par
\ldblquote You aren\rquote t going to see your nephew till next summer,\rdblquote  he said to Uncle Vernon in mild indignation. \ldblquote Surely you\rquote re going to say good-bye?\rdblquote\par
Uncle Vernon\rquote s face worked furiously. The idea of being taught consideration by a man who had just blasted away half his living room wall seemed to be causing him intense suffering. But Mr. Weasley\rquote s wand was still in his hand, and Uncle Vernon\rquote s tiny eyes darted to it once, before he said, very resentfully, \ldblquote Good-bye, then.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote See you,\rdblquote  said Harry, putting one foot forward into the green flames, which felt pleasantly like warm breath. At that moment, however, a horrible gagging sound erupted behind him, and Aunt Petunia started to scream.\par
Harry wheeled around. Dudley was no longer standing behind his parents. He was kneeling beside the coffee table, and he was gagging and sputtering on a foot-long, purple, slimy thing that was protruding from his mouth. One bewildered second later, Harry realized that the foot-long thing was Dudley\rquote s tongue \emdash  and that a brightly colored toffee wrapper lay on the floor before him.\par
Aunt Petunia hurled herself onto the ground beside Dudley, seized the end of his swollen tongue, and attempted to wrench it out of his mouth; unsurprisingly, Dudley yelled and sputtered worse than ever, trying to fight her off. Uncle Vernon was bellow\-ing and waving his arms around, and Mr. Weasley had to shout to make himself heard.\par
\ldblquote Not to worry, I can sort him out!\rdblquote  he yelled, advancing on Dudley with his wand outstretched, but Aunt Petunia screamed worse than ever and threw herself on top of Dudley, shielding him from Mr. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote No, really!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley desperately. \ldblquote It\rquote s a simple process \emdash  it was the toffee \emdash  my son Fred \emdash  real practical joker \emdash  but it\rquote s only an Engorgement Charm \emdash  at least, I think it is \emdash  please, I can correct it \emdash\rdblquote\par
But far from being reassured, the Dursleys became more panic-stricken; Aunt Petunia was sobbing hysterically, tugging Dudley\rquote s tongue as though determined to rip it out; Dudley appeared to be suffocating under the combined pressure of his mother and his tongue; and Uncle Vernon, who had lost control completely, seized a china figure from on top of the sideboard and threw it very hard at Mr. Weasley, who ducked, causing the ornament to shatter in the blasted fireplace.\par
\ldblquote Now really!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley angrily, brandishing his wand. \ldblquote I\rquote m trying to \i help\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Bellowing like a wounded hippo, Uncle Vernon snatched up an\-other ornament.\par
\ldblquote Harry, go! Just go!\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley shouted, his wand on Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote I\rquote ll sort this out!\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t want to miss the fun, but Uncle Vernon\rquote s second or\-nament narrowly missed his left ear, and on balance he thought it best to leave the situation to Mr. Weasley. He stepped into the fire, looking over his shoulder as he said \ldblquote the Burrow!\rdblquote  His last fleeting glimpse of the living room was of Mr. Weasley blasting a third or\-nament out of Uncle Vernon\rquote s hand with his wand, Aunt Petunia screaming and lying on top of Dudley, and Dudley\rquote s tongue lolling around like a great slimy python. But next moment Harry had be\-gun to spin very fast, and the Dursleys\rquote  living room was whipped out of sight in a rush of emerald-green flames.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 5\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Weasleys\rquote  Wizard Wheezes\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Harry spun faster and faster, elbows tucked tightly to his sides, blurred fireplaces flashing past him, until he started to feel sick and closed his eyes. Then, when at last he felt himself slowing down, he threw out his hands and came to a halt in time to prevent himself from falling face forward out of the Weasleys\rquote  kitchen fire.\par
\ldblquote Did he eat it?\rdblquote  said Fred excitedly, holding out a hand to pull Harry to his feet.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, straightening up. \ldblquote What \i was\i0  it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ton-Tongue Toffee,\rdblquote  said Fred brightly. \ldblquote George and I in\-vented them, and we\rquote ve been looking for someone to test them on all summer. \'85\rdblquote\par
The tiny kitchen exploded with laughter; Harry looked around and saw that Ron and George were sitting at the scrubbed wooden table with two red-haired people Harry had never seen before, though he knew immediately who they must be: Bill and Charlie, the two eldest Weasley brothers.\par
\ldblquote How\rquote re you doing, Harry?\rdblquote  said the nearer of the two, grinning at him and holding out a large hand, which Harry shook, feeling calluses and blisters under his fingers. This had to be Charlie, who worked with dragons in Romania. Charlie was built like the twins, shorter and stockier than Percy and Ron, who were both long and lanky. He had a broad, good-natured face, which was weather-beaten and so freckly that he looked almost tanned; his arms were muscular, and one of them had a large, shiny burn on it.\par
Bill got to his feet, smiling, and also shook Harry\rquote s hand. Bill came as something of a surprise. Harry knew that he worked for the wizarding bank, Gringotts, and that Bill had been Head Boy at Hogwarts; Harry had always imagined Bill to be an older version of Percy: fussy about rule-breaking and fond of bossing everyone around. However, Bill was \emdash  there was no other word for it \emdash  \i cool.\i0  He was tall, with long hair that he had tied back in a ponytail. He was wearing an earring with what looked like a fang dangling from it. Bill\rquote s clothes would not have looked out of place at a rock concert, except that Harry recognized his boots to be made, not of leather, but of dragon hide.\par
Before any of them could say anything else, there was a faint popping noise, and Mr. Weasley appeared out of thin air at George\rquote s shoulder. He was looking angrier than Harry had ever seen him.\par
\ldblquote That \i wasn\rquote t funny,\i0  Fred!\rdblquote  he shouted. \ldblquote What on earth did you give that Muggle boy?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t give him anything,\rdblquote  said Fred, with another evil grin. \ldblquote I just \i dropped \i0 it. \'85 It was his fault he went and ate it, I never told him to.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You dropped it on purpose!\rdblquote  roared Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote You knew he\rquote d eat it, you knew he was on a diet \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How big did his tongue get?\rdblquote  George asked eagerly.\par
\ldblquote It was four feet long before his parents would let me shrink it!\rdblquote\par
Harry and the Weasleys roared with laughter again.\par
\ldblquote It \i isn\rquote t funny\i0 !\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley shouted. \ldblquote That sort of behavior se\-riously undermines wizard\endash Muggle relations! I spend half my life campaigning against the mistreatment of Muggles, and my own sons \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We didn\rquote t give it to him because he\rquote s a Muggle!\rdblquote  said Fred indignantly.\par
\ldblquote No, we gave it to him because he\rquote s a great bullying git,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t he, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, he is, Mr. Weasley,\rdblquote  said Harry earnestly.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s not the point!\rdblquote  raged Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote You wait until I tell your mother \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Tell me what?\rdblquote  said a voice behind them.\par
Mrs. Weasley had just entered the kitchen. She was a short, plump woman with a very kind face, though her eyes were presently narrowed with suspicion.\par
\ldblquote Oh hello, Harry, dear,\rdblquote  she said, spotting him and smiling. Then her eyes snapped back to her husband. \ldblquote Tell me \i what,\i0  Arthur?\rdblquote\par
Mr. Weasley hesitated. Harry could tell that, however angry he was with Fred and George, he hadn\rquote t really intended to tell Mrs. Weasley what had happened. There was a silence, while Mr. Weasley eyed his wife nervously. Then two girls appeared in the kitchen doorway behind Mrs. Weasley. One, with very bushy brown hair and rather large front teeth, was Harry\rquote s and Ron\rquote s friend, Hermione Granger. The other, who was small and red-haired, was Ron\rquote s younger sister, Ginny. Both of them smiled at Harry, who grinned back, which made Ginny go scarlet \emdash  she had been very taken with Harry ever since his first visit to the Burrow.\par
\ldblquote Tell me \i what,\i0  Arthur?\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley repeated, in a dangerous sort of voice.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s nothing, Molly,\rdblquote  mumbled Mr. Weasley, \ldblquote Fred and George just \emdash  but I\rquote ve had words with them \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What have they done this time?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote If it\rquote s got anything to do with Weasleys\rquote  Wizard Wheezes \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why don\rquote t you show Harry where he\rquote s sleeping, Ron?\rdblquote  said Hermione from the doorway.\par
\ldblquote He knows where he\rquote s sleeping,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote in my room, he slept there last \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We can all go,\rdblquote  said Hermione pointedly.\par
\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Ron, cottoning on. \ldblquote Right.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, we\rquote ll come too,\rdblquote  said George.\par
\ldblquote\i You stay where you are\i0 !\rdblquote  snarled Mrs. Weasley.\par
Harry and Ron edged out of the kitchen, and they, Hermione, and Ginny set off along the narrow hallway and up the rickety staircase that zigzagged through the house to the upper stories.\par
\ldblquote What are Weasleys\rquote  Wizard Wheezes?\rdblquote  Harry asked as they climbed.\par
Ron and Ginny both laughed, although Hermione didn\rquote t.\par
\ldblquote Mum found this stack of order forms when she was cleaning Fred and George\rquote s room,\rdblquote  said Ron quietly. \ldblquote Great long price lists for stuff they\rquote ve invented. Joke stuff, you know. Fake wands and trick sweets, loads of stuff. It was brilliant, I never knew they\rquote d been inventing all that \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ve been hearing explosions out of their room for ages, but we never thought they were actually \i making\i0  things,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote We thought they just liked the noise.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Only, most of the stuff \emdash  well, all of it, really \emdash  was a bit dan\-gerous,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote and, you know, they were planning to sell it at Hogwarts to make some money, and Mum went mad at them. Told them they weren\rquote t allowed to make any more of it, and burned all the order forms. \'85 She\rquote s furious at them anyway. They didn\rquote t get as many O.W.L.s as she expected.\rdblquote\par
O.W.L.s were Ordinary Wizarding Levels, the examinations Hogwarts students took at the age of fifteen.\par
\ldblquote And then there was this big row,\rdblquote  Ginny said, \ldblquote because Mum wants them to go into the Ministry of Magic like Dad, and they told her all they want to do is open a joke shop.\rdblquote\par
Just then a door on the second landing opened, and a face poked out wearing horn-rimmed glasses and a very annoyed expression.\par
\ldblquote Hi, Percy,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Oh hello, Harry,\rdblquote  said Percy. \ldblquote I was wondering who was mak\-ing all the noise. I\rquote m trying to work in here, you know \emdash  I\rquote ve got a report to finish for the office \emdash  and it\rquote s rather difficult to con\-centrate when people keep thundering up and down the stairs.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re not \i thundering,\i0\rdblquote  said Ron irritably. \ldblquote We\rquote re walking. Sorry if we\rquote ve disturbed the top-secret workings of the Ministry of Magic.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What are you working on?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote A report for the Department of International Magical Cooper\-ation,\rdblquote  said Percy smugly. \ldblquote We\rquote re trying to standardize cauldron thickness. Some of these foreign imports are just a shade too thin \emdash  leakages have been increasing at a rate of almost three per\-cent a year \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote ll change the world, that report will,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Front page of the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  I expect, cauldron leaks.\rdblquote\par
Percy went slightly pink.\par
\ldblquote You might sneer, Ron,\rdblquote  he said heatedly, \ldblquote but unless some sort of international law is imposed we might well find the market flooded with flimsy, shallow-bottomed products that seriously endanger \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, yeah, all right,\rdblquote  said Ron, and he started off upstairs again. Percy slammed his bedroom door shut. As Harry, Hermi\-one, and Ginny followed Ron up three more flights of stairs, shouts from the kitchen below echoed up to them. It sounded as though Mr. Weasley had told Mrs. Weasley about the toffees.\par
The room at the top of the house where Ron slept looked much as it had the last time that Harry had come to stay: the same posters of Ron\rquote s favorite Quidditch team, the Chudley Cannons, were whirling and waving on the walls and sloping ceiling, and the fish tank on the windowsill, which had previously held frog spawn, now contained one extremely large frog. Ron\rquote s old rat, Scabbers, was here no more, but instead there was the tiny gray owl that had delivered Ron\rquote s letter to Harry in Privet Drive. It was hopping up and down in a small cage and twittering madly.\par
\ldblquote Shut \i up,\i0  Pig,\rdblquote  said Ron, edging his way between two of the four beds that had been squeezed into the room. \ldblquote Fred and George are in here with us, because Bill and Charlie are in their room,\rdblquote  he told Harry. \ldblquote Percy gets to keep his room all to himself because he\rquote s got to \i work.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  why are you calling that owl Pig?\rdblquote  Harry asked Ron.\par
\ldblquote Because he\rquote s being stupid,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote Its proper name is Pigwidgeon.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, and that\rquote s not a stupid name at all,\rdblquote  said Ron sarcastically. \ldblquote Ginny named him,\rdblquote  he explained to Harry. \ldblquote She reckons it\rquote s sweet. And I tried to change it, but it was too late, he won\rquote t answer to anything else. So now he\rquote s Pig. I\rquote ve got to keep him up here be\-cause he annoys Errol and Hermes. He annoys me too, come to that.\rdblquote\par
Pigwidgeon zoomed happily around his cage, hooting shrilly. Harry knew Ron too well to take him seriously. He had moaned continually about his old rat, Scabbers, but had been most upset when Hermione\rquote s cat, Crookshanks, appeared to have eaten him.\par
\ldblquote Where\rquote s Crookshanks?\rdblquote  Harry asked Hermione now.\par
\ldblquote Out in the garden, I expect,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote He likes chasing gnomes. He\rquote s never seen any before.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Percy\rquote s enjoying work, then?\rdblquote  said Harry, sitting down on one of the beds and watching the Chudley Cannons zooming in and out of the posters on the ceiling.\par
\ldblquote Enjoying it?\rdblquote  said Ron darkly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t reckon he\rquote d come home if Dad didn\rquote t make him. He\rquote s obsessed. Just don\rquote t get him onto the subject of his boss. \i According to Mr. Crouch\i0  \'85 \i as I was saying to Mr. Crouch\i0  \'85 \i Mr. Crouch is of the opinion\i0  \'85 \i Mr. Crouch was telling me\i0  \'85 They\rquote ll be announcing their engagement any day now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Have you had a good summer, Harry?\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Did you get our food parcels and everything?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, thanks a lot,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote They saved my life, those cakes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And have you heard from \emdash  ?\rdblquote  Ron began, but at a look from Hermione he fell silent. Harry knew Ron had been about to ask about Sirius. Ron and Hermione had been so deeply involved in helping Sirius escape from the Ministry of Magic that they were almost as concerned about Harry\rquote s godfather as he was. However, discussing him in front of Ginny was a bad idea. Nobody but themselves and Professor Dumbledore knew about how Sirius had escaped, or believed in his innocence.\par
\ldblquote I think they\rquote ve stopped arguing,\rdblquote  said Hermione, to cover the awkward moment, because Ginny was looking curiously from Ron to Harry. \ldblquote Shall we go down and help your mum with dinner?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, all right,\rdblquote  said Ron. The four of them left Ron\rquote s room and went back downstairs to find Mrs. Weasley alone in the kitchen, looking extremely bad-tempered.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re eating out in the garden,\rdblquote  she said when they came in. \ldblquote There\rquote s just not room for eleven people in here. Could you take the plates outside, girls? Bill and Charlie are setting up the tables. Knives and forks, please, you two,\rdblquote  she said to Ron and Harry, pointing her wand a little more vigorously than she had intended at a pile of potatoes in the sink, which shot out of their skins so fast that they ricocheted off the walls and ceiling.\par
\ldblquote Oh for heaven\rquote s \i sake,\i0\rdblquote  she snapped, now directing her wand at a dustpan, which hopped off the sideboard and started skating across the floor, scooping up the potatoes. \ldblquote Those two!\rdblquote  she burst out savagely, now pulling pots and pans out of a cupboard, and Harry knew she meant Fred and George. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know what\rquote s go\-ing to happen to them, I really don\rquote t. No ambition, unless you count making as much trouble as they possibly can. \'85\rdblquote\par
Mrs. Weasley slammed a large copper saucepan down on the kitchen table and began to wave her wand around inside it. A creamy sauce poured from the wand tip as she stirred.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not as though they haven\rquote t got brains,\rdblquote  she continued irrita\-bly, taking the saucepan over to the stove and lighting it with a fur\-ther poke of her wand, \ldblquote but they\rquote re wasting them, and unless they pull themselves together soon, they\rquote ll be in real trouble. I\rquote ve had more owls from Hogwarts about them than the rest put together. If they carry on the way they\rquote re going, they\rquote ll end up in front of the Improper Use of Magic Office.\rdblquote\par
Mrs. Weasley jabbed her wand at the cutlery drawer, which shot open. Harry and Ron both jumped out of the way as several knives soared out of it, flew across the kitchen, and began chopping the potatoes, which had just been tipped back into the sink by the dustpan.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know where we went wrong with them,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, putting down her wand and starting to pull out still more saucepans. \ldblquote It\rquote s been the same for years, one thing after another, and they won\rquote t listen to \emdash  OH NOT \i AGAIN\i0 !\rdblquote\par
She had picked up her wand from the table, and it had emitted a loud squeak and turned into a giant rubber mouse.\par
\ldblquote One of their fake wands again!\rdblquote  she shouted. \ldblquote How many times have I told them not to leave them lying around?\rdblquote\par
She grabbed her real wand and turned around to find that the sauce on the stove was smoking.\par
\ldblquote C\rquote mon,\rdblquote  Ron said hurriedly to Harry, seizing a handful of cut\-lery from the open drawer, \ldblquote let\rquote s go and help Bill and Charlie.\rdblquote\par
They left Mrs. Weasley and headed out the back door into the yard.\par
They had only gone a few paces when Hermione\rquote s bandy-legged ginger cat, Crookshanks, came pelting out of the garden, bottle-brush tail held high in the air, chasing what looked like a muddy potato on legs. Harry recognized it instantly as a gnome. Barely ten inches high, its horny little feet pattered very fast as it sprinted across the yard and dived headlong into one of the Wellington boots that lay scattered around the door. Harry could hear the gnome giggling madly as Crookshanks inserted a paw into the boot, trying to reach it. Meanwhile, a very loud crashing noise was coming from the other side of the house. The source of the com\-motion was revealed as they entered the garden, and saw that Bill and Charlie both had their wands out, and were making two bat\-tered old tables fly high above the lawn, smashing into each other, each attempting to knock the other\rquote s out of the air. Fred and George were cheering, Ginny was laughing, and Hermione was hovering near the hedge, apparently torn between amusement and anxiety.\par
Bill\rquote s table caught Charlie\rquote s with a huge bang and knocked one of its legs off. There was a clatter from overhead, and they all looked up to see Percy\rquote s head poking out of a window on the sec\-ond floor.\par
\ldblquote Will you keep it down?!\rdblquote  he bellowed.\par
\ldblquote Sorry, Perce,\rdblquote  said Bill, grinning. \ldblquote How\rquote re the cauldron bot\-toms coming on?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Very badly,\rdblquote  said Percy peevishly, and he slammed the window shut. Chuckling, Bill and Charlie directed the tables safely onto the grass, end to end, and then, with a flick of his wand, Bill reattached the table leg and conjured tablecloths from nowhere.\par
By seven o\rquote clock, the two tables were groaning under dishes and dishes of Mrs. Weasley\rquote s excellent cooking, and the nine Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione were settling themselves down to eat beneath a clear, deep-blue sky. To somebody who had been living on meals of increasingly stale cake all summer, this was paradise, and at first, Harry listened rather than talked as he helped himself to chicken and ham pie, boiled potatoes, and salad.\par
At the far end of the table, Percy was telling his father all about his report on cauldron bottoms.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve told Mr. Crouch that I\rquote ll have it ready by Tuesday,\rdblquote  Percy was saying pompously. \ldblquote That\rquote s a bit sooner than he expected it, but I like to keep on top of things. I think he\rquote ll be grateful I\rquote ve done it in good time, I mean, it\rquote s extremely busy in our department just now, what with all the arrangements for the World Cup. We\rquote re just not getting the support we need from the Department of Magical Games and Sports. Ludo Bagman \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I like Ludo,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley mildly. \ldblquote He was the one who got us such good tickets for the Cup. I did him a bit of a favor: His brother, Otto, got into a spot of trouble \emdash  a lawnmower with un\-natural powers \emdash  I smoothed the whole thing over.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh Bagman\rquote s \i likable\i0  enough, of course,\rdblquote  said Percy dismis\-sively, \ldblquote but how he ever got to be Head of Department \'85 when I compare him to Mr. Crouch! I can\rquote t see Mr. Crouch losing a mem\-ber of our department and not trying to find out what\rquote s happened to them. You realize Bertha Jorkins has been missing for over a month now? Went on holiday to Albania and never came back?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, I was asking Ludo about that,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, frowning. \ldblquote He says Bertha\rquote s gotten lost plenty of times before now \emdash  though I must say, if it was someone in my department, I\rquote d be worried. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh Bertha\rquote s \i hopeless,\i0  all right,\rdblquote  said Percy. \ldblquote I hear she\rquote s been shunted from department to department for years, much more trouble than she\rquote s worth \'85 but all the same, Bagman ought to be trying to find her. Mr. Crouch has been taking a personal interest, she worked in our department at one time, you know, and I think Mr. Crouch was quite fond of her \emdash  but Bagman just keeps laugh\-ing and saying she probably misread the map and ended up in Aus\-tralia instead of Albania. However\rdblquote  \emdash  Percy heaved an impressive sigh and took a deep swig of elderflower wine \emdash  \ldblquote we\rquote ve got quite enough on our plates at the Department of International Magical Cooperation without trying to find members of other departments too. As you know, we\rquote ve got another big event to organize right af\-ter the World Cup.\rdblquote\par
Percy cleared his throat significantly and looked down toward the end of the table where Harry, Ron, and Hermione were sitting. \ldblquote\i You\i0  know the one I\rquote m talking about, Father.\rdblquote  He raised his voice slightly. \ldblquote The top-secret one.\rdblquote\par
Ron rolled his eyes and muttered to Harry and Hermione, \ldblquote He\rquote s been trying to get us to ask what that event is ever since he started work. Probably an exhibition of thick-bottomed cauldrons.\rdblquote\par
In the middle of the table, Mrs. Weasley was arguing with Bill about his earring, which seemed to be a recent acquisition.\par
\ldblquote\'85 with a horrible great fang on it. Really, Bill, what do they say at the bank?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mum, no one at the bank gives a damn how I dress as long as I bring home plenty of treasure,\rdblquote  said Bill patiently.\par
\ldblquote And your hair\rquote s getting silly, dear,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, fingering her wand lovingly. \ldblquote I wish you\rquote d let me give it a trim. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I like it,\rdblquote  said Ginny, who was sitting beside Bill. \ldblquote You\rquote re so old-fashioned, Mum. Anyway, it\rquote s nowhere near as long as Professor Dumbledore\rquote s. \'85\rdblquote\par
Next to Mrs. Weasley, Fred, George, and Charlie were all talking spiritedly about the World Cup.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s got to be Ireland,\rdblquote  said Charlie thickly, through a mouthful of potato. \ldblquote They flattened Peru in the semifinals.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Bulgaria has got Viktor Krum, though,\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
\ldblquote Krum\rquote s one decent player, Ireland has got seven,\rdblquote  said Charlie shortly. \ldblquote I wish England had got through. That was embarrassing, that was.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote  said Harry eagerly, regretting more than ever his isolation from the wizarding world when he was stuck on Privet Drive.\par
\ldblquote Went down to Transylvania, three hundred and ninety to ten,\rdblquote  said Charlie gloomily. \ldblquote Shocking performance. And Wales lost to Uganda, and Scotland was slaughtered by Luxembourg.\rdblquote\par
Harry had been on the Gryffindor House Quidditch team ever since his first year at Hogwarts and owned one of the best racing brooms in the world, a Firebolt. Flying came more naturally to Harry than anything else in the magical world, and he played in the position of Seeker on the Gryffindor House team.\par
Mr. Weasley conjured up candles to light the darkening garden before they had their homemade strawberry ice cream, and by the time they had finished, moths were fluttering low over the table, and the warm air was perfumed with the smells of grass and hon\-eysuckle. Harry was feeling extremely well fed and at peace with the world as he watched several gnomes sprinting through the rose\-bushes, laughing madly and closely pursued by Crookshanks.\par
Ron looked carefully up the table to check that the rest of the family were all busy talking, then he said very quietly to Harry, \ldblquote So \emdash  \i have\i0  you heard from Sirius lately?\rdblquote\par
Hermione looked around, listening closely.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry softly, \ldblquote twice. He sounds okay. I wrote to him yesterday. He might write back while I\rquote m here.\rdblquote\par
He suddenly remembered the reason he had written to Sirius, and for a moment was on the verge of telling Ron and Hermione about his scar hurting again, and about the dream that had awoken him \'85 but he really didn\rquote t want to worry them just now, not when he himself was feeling so happy and peaceful.\par
\ldblquote Look at the time,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley said suddenly, checking her wristwatch. \ldblquote You really should be in bed, the whole lot of you \emdash  you\rquote ll be up at the crack of dawn to get to the Cup. Harry, if you leave your school list out, I\rquote ll get your things for you tomorrow in Diagon Alley. I\rquote m getting everyone else\rquote s. There might not be time after the World Cup, the match went on for five days last time.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wow \emdash  hope it does this time!\rdblquote  said Harry enthusiastically.\par
\ldblquote Well, I certainly don\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Percy sanctimoniously. \ldblquote I \i shudder \i0 to think what the state of my in-tray would be if I was away from work for five days.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, someone might slip dragon dung in it again, eh, Perce?\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
\ldblquote That was a sample of fertilizer from Norway!\rdblquote  said Percy, going very red in the face. \ldblquote It was nothing \i personal\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It was,\rdblquote  Fred whispered to Harry as they got up from the table. \ldblquote We sent it.\rdblquote\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 6\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Portkey\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Harry felt as though he had barely lain down to sleep in Ron\rquote s room when he was being shaken awake by Mrs. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote Time to go, Harry, dear,\rdblquote  she whispered, moving away to wake Ron.\par
Harry felt around for his glasses, put them on, and sat up. It was still dark outside. Ron muttered indistinctly as his mother roused him. At the foot of Harry\rquote s mattress he saw two large, disheveled shapes emerging from tangles of blankets.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote S\rquote  time already?\rdblquote  said Fred groggily.\par
They dressed in silence, too sleepy to talk, then, yawning and stretching, the four of them headed downstairs into the kitchen.\par
Mrs. Weasley was stirring the contents of a large pot on the stove, while Mr. Weasley was sitting at the table, checking a sheaf of large parchment tickets. He looked up as the boys entered and spread his arms so that they could see his clothes more clearly. He was wearing what appeared to be a golfing sweater and a very old pair of jeans, slightly too big for him and held up with a thick leather belt.\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you think?\rdblquote  he asked anxiously. \ldblquote We\rquote re supposed to go incognito \emdash  do I look like a Muggle, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, smiling, \ldblquote very good.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Where\rquote re Bill and Charlie and Per-Per-Percy?\rdblquote  said George, fail\-ing to stifle a huge yawn.\par
\ldblquote Well, they\rquote re Apparating, aren\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, heav\-ing the large pot over to the table and starting to ladle porridge into bowls. \ldblquote So they can have a bit of a lie-in.\rdblquote\par
Harry knew that Apparating meant disappearing from one place and reappearing almost instantly in another, but had never known any Hogwarts student to do it, and understood that it was very difficult.\par
\ldblquote So they\rquote re still in bed?\rdblquote  said Fred grumpily, pulling his bowl of porridge toward him. \ldblquote Why can\rquote t we Apparate too?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Because you\rquote re not of age and you haven\rquote t passed your test,\rdblquote  snapped Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote And where have those girls got to?\rdblquote\par
She bustled out of the kitchen and they heard her climbing the stairs.\par
\ldblquote You have to pass a test to Apparate?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\par
\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, tucking the tickets safely into the back pocket of his jeans. \ldblquote The Department of Magical Transporta\-tion had to fine a couple of people the other day for Apparating without a license. It\rquote s not easy, Apparition, and when it\rquote s not done properly it can lead to nasty complications. This pair I\rquote m talking about went and splinched themselves.\rdblquote\par
Everyone around the table except Harry winced.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  \i splinched\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote They left half of themselves behind,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, now spooning large amounts of treacle onto his porridge. \ldblquote So, of course, they were stuck. Couldn\rquote t move either way. Had to wait for the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad to sort them out. Meant a fair old bit of paperwork, I can tell you, what with the Muggles who spot\-ted the body parts they\rquote d left behind. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry had a sudden vision of a pair of legs and an eyeball lying abandoned on the pavement of Privet Drive.\par
\ldblquote Were they okay?\rdblquote  he asked, startled.\par
\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley matter-of-factly. \ldblquote But they got a heavy fine, and I don\rquote t think they\rquote ll be trying it again in a hurry. You don\rquote t mess around with Apparition. There are plenty of adult wizards who don\rquote t bother with it. Prefer brooms \emdash  slower, but safer.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But Bill and Charlie and Percy can all do it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Charlie had to take the test twice,\rdblquote  said Fred, grinning. \ldblquote He failed the first time, Apparated five miles south of where he meant to, right on top of some poor old dear doing her shopping, remember?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, well, he passed the second time,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, marching back into the kitchen amid hearty sniggers.\par
\ldblquote Percy only passed two weeks ago,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote He\rquote s been Apparating downstairs every morning since, just to prove he can.\rdblquote\par
There were footsteps down the passageway and Hermione and Ginny came into the kitchen, both looking pale and drowsy.\par
\ldblquote Why do we have to be up so early?\rdblquote  Ginny said, rubbing her eyes and sitting down at the table.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ve got a bit of a walk,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote Walk?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote What, are we walking to the World Cup?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, no, that\rquote s miles away,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, smiling. \ldblquote We only need to walk a short way. It\rquote s just that it\rquote s very difficult for a large number of wizards to congregate without attracting Muggle atten\-tion. We have to be very careful about how we travel at the best of times, and on a huge occasion like the Quidditch World Cup \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote George!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley sharply, and they all jumped.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said George, in an innocent tone that deceived nobody.\par
\ldblquote What is that in your pocket?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nothing!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t you lie to me!\rdblquote\par
Mrs. Weasley pointed her wand at George\rquote s pocket and said, \ldblquote\i Accio\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Several small, brightly colored objects zoomed out of George\rquote s pocket; he made a grab for them but missed, and they sped right into Mrs. Weasley\rquote s outstretched hand.\par
\ldblquote We told you to destroy them!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley furiously, holding up what were unmistakably more Ton-Tongue Toffees. \ldblquote We told you to get rid of the lot! Empty your pockets, go on, both of you!\rdblquote\par
It was an unpleasant scene; the twins had evidently been trying to smuggle as many toffees out of the house as possible, and it was only by using her Summoning Charm that Mrs. Weasley managed to find them all.\par
\ldblquote\i Accio\i0 ! \i Accio\i0 ! \i Accio\i0 !\rdblquote  she shouted, and toffees zoomed from all sorts of unlikely places, including the lining of George\rquote s jacket and the turn-ups of Fred\rquote s jeans.\par
\ldblquote We spent six months developing those!\rdblquote  Fred shouted at his mother as she threw the toffees away.\par
\ldblquote Oh a fine way to spend six months!\rdblquote  she shrieked. \ldblquote No wonder you didn\rquote t get more O.W.L.s!\rdblquote\par
All in all, the atmosphere was not very friendly as they took their departure. Mrs. Weasley was still glowering as she kissed Mr. Weasley on the cheek, though not nearly as much as the twins, who had each hoisted their rucksacks onto their backs and walked out without a word to her.\par
\ldblquote Well, have a lovely time,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, \ldblquote and \i behave your\-selves,\i0\rdblquote  she called after the twins\rquote  retreating backs, but they did not look back or answer. \ldblquote I\rquote ll send Bill, Charlie, and Percy along around midday,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley said to Mr. Weasley, as he, Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny set off across the dark yard after Fred and George.\par
It was chilly and the moon was still out. Only a dull, greenish tinge along the horizon to their right showed that daybreak was drawing closer. Harry, having been thinking about thousands of wizards speeding toward the Quidditch World Cup, sped up to walk with Mr. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote So how \i does\i0  everyone get there without all the Muggles notic\-ing?\rdblquote  he asked.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s been a massive organizational problem,\rdblquote  sighed Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote The trouble is, about a hundred thousand wizards turn up at the World Cup, and of course, we just haven\rquote t got a magical site big enough to accommodate them all. There are places Mug\-gles can\rquote t penetrate, but imagine trying to pack a hundred thousand wizards into Diagon Alley or platform nine and three-quarters. So we had to find a nice deserted moor, and set up as many anti-Muggle precautions as possible. The whole Ministry\rquote s been work\-ing on it for months. First, of course, we have to stagger the arrivals. People with cheaper tickets have to arrive two weeks beforehand. A limited number use Muggle transport, but we can\rquote t have too many clogging up their buses and trains \emdash  remember, wizards are coming from all over the world. Some Apparate, of course, but we have to set up safe points for them to appear, well away from Muggles. I believe there\rquote s a handy wood they\rquote re using as the Apparition point. For those who don\rquote t want to Apparate, or can\rquote t, we use Portkeys. They\rquote re objects that are used to transport wizards from one spot to another at a prearranged time. You can do large groups at a time if you need to. There have been two hundred Portkeys placed at strategic points around Britain, and the nearest one to us is up at the top of Stoatshead Hill, so that\rquote s where we\rquote re headed.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Weasley pointed ahead of them, where a large black mass rose beyond the village of Ottery St. Catchpole.\par
\ldblquote What sort of objects are Portkeys?\rdblquote  said Harry curiously.\par
\ldblquote Well, they can be anything,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Unobtrusive things, obviously, so Muggles don\rquote t go picking them up and play\-ing with them \'85 stuff they\rquote ll just think is litter. \'85\rdblquote\par
They trudged down the dark, dank lane toward the village, the silence broken only by their footsteps. The sky lightened very slowly as they made their way through the village, its inky black\-ness diluting to deepest blue. Harry\rquote s hands and feet were freezing. Mr. Weasley kept checking his watch.\par
They didn\rquote t have breath to spare for talking as they began to climb Stoatshead Hill, stumbling occasionally in hidden rabbit holes, slipping on thick black tuffets of grass. Each breath Harry took was sharp in his chest and his legs were starting to seize up when, at last, his feet found level ground.\par
\ldblquote Whew,\rdblquote  panted Mr. Weasley, taking off his glasses and wiping them on his sweater. \ldblquote Well, we\rquote ve made good time \emdash  we\rquote ve got ten minutes. \'85\rdblquote\par
Hermione came over the crest of the hill last, clutching a stitch in her side.\par
\ldblquote Now we just need the Portkey,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, replacing his glasses and squinting around at the ground. \ldblquote It won\rquote t be big. \'85 Come on \'85\rdblquote\par
They spread out, searching. They had only been at it for a cou\-ple of minutes, however, when a shout rent the still air.\par
\ldblquote Over here, Arthur! Over here, son, we\rquote ve got it!\rdblquote\par
Two tall figures were silhouetted against the starry sky on the other side of the hilltop.\par
\ldblquote Amos!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, smiling as he strode over to the man who had shouted. The rest of them followed.\par
Mr. Weasley was shaking hands with a ruddy-faced wizard with a scrubby brown beard, who was holding a moldy-looking old boot in his other hand.\par
\ldblquote This is Amos Diggory, everyone,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote He works for the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. And I think you know his son, Cedric?\rdblquote\par
Cedric Diggory was an extremely handsome boy of around sev\-enteen. He was Captain and Seeker of the Hufflepuff House Quid\-ditch team at Hogwarts.\par
\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Cedric, looking around at them all.\par
Everybody said hi back except Fred and George, who merely nodded. They had never quite forgiven Cedric for beating their team, Gryffindor, in the first Quidditch match of the previous year.\par
\ldblquote Long walk, Arthur?\rdblquote  Cedric\rquote s father asked.\par
\ldblquote Not too bad,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote We live just on the other side of the village there. You?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Had to get up at two, didn\rquote t we, Ced? I tell you, I\rquote ll be glad when he\rquote s got his Apparition test. Still \'85 not complaining \'85 Quidditch World Cup, wouldn\rquote t miss it for a sackful of Gal\-leons \emdash  and the tickets cost about that. Mind you, looks like I got off easy. \'85\rdblquote  Amos Diggory peered good-naturedly around at the three Weasley boys, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny. \ldblquote All these yours, Arthur?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh no, only the redheads,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, pointing out his children. \ldblquote This is Hermione, friend of Ron\rquote s \emdash  and Harry, an\-other friend \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Merlin\rquote s beard,\rdblquote  said Amos Diggory, his eyes widening. \ldblquote Harry? Harry \i Potter\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Harry was used to people looking curiously at him when they met him, used to the way their eyes moved at once to the lightning scar on his forehead, but it always made him feel uncomfortable.\par
\ldblquote Ced\rquote s talked about you, of course,\rdblquote  said Amos Diggory. \ldblquote Told us all about playing against you last year. \'85 I said to him, I said \emdash  Ced, that\rquote ll be something to tell your grandchildren, that will. \'85 \i You beat Harry Potter\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Harry couldn\rquote t think of any reply to this, so he remained silent. Fred and George were both scowling again. Cedric looked slightly embarrassed.\par
\ldblquote Harry fell off his broom, Dad,\rdblquote  he muttered. \ldblquote I told you \'85 it was an accident. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, but \i you\i0  didn\rquote t fall off, did you?\rdblquote  roared Amos genially, slap\-ping his son on his back. \ldblquote Always modest, our Ced, always the gen\-tleman \'85 but the best man won, I\rquote m sure Harry\rquote d say the same, wouldn\rquote t you, eh? One falls off his broom, one stays on, you don\rquote t need to be a genius to tell which one\rquote s the better flier!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Must be nearly time,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley quickly, pulling out his watch again. \ldblquote Do you know whether we\rquote re waiting for any more, Amos?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, the Lovegoods have been there for a week already and the Fawcetts couldn\rquote t get tickets,\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory. \ldblquote There aren\rquote t any more of us in this area, are there?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not that I know of,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Yes, it\rquote s a minute off. \'85 We\rquote d better get ready. \'85\rdblquote\par
He looked around at Harry and Hermione.\par
\ldblquote You just need to touch the Portkey, that\rquote s all, a finger will do \emdash\rdblquote\par
With difficulty, owing to their bulky backpacks, the nine of them crowded around the old boot held out by Amos Diggory.\par
They all stood there, in a tight circle, as a chill breeze swept over the hilltop. Nobody spoke. It suddenly occurred to Harry how odd this would look if a Muggle were to walk up here now \'85 nine people, two of them grown men, clutching this manky old boot in the semidarkness, waiting. \'85\par
\ldblquote Three \'85\rdblquote  muttered Mr. Weasley, one eye still on his watch, \ldblquote two \'85 one \'85\rdblquote\par
It happened immediately: Harry felt as though a hook just be\-hind his navel had been suddenly jerked irresistibly forward. His feet left the ground; he could feel Ron and Hermione on either side of him, their shoulders banging into his; they were all speeding for\-ward in a howl of wind and swirling color; his forefinger was stuck to the boot as though it was pulling him magnetically onward and then \emdash\par
His feet slammed into the ground; Ron staggered into him and he fell over; the Portkey hit the ground near his head with a heavy thud.\par
Harry looked up. Mr. Weasley, Mr. Diggory, and Cedric were still standing, though looking very windswept; everybody else was on the ground.\par
\ldblquote Seven past five from Stoatshead Hill,\rdblquote  said a voice.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 7\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Bagman and Crouch\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Harry disentangled himself from Ron and got to his feet. They had arrived on what appeared to be a deserted stretch of misty moor. In front of them was a pair of tired and grumpy-looking wizards, one of whom was holding a large gold watch, the other a thick roll of parchment and a quill. Both were dressed as Muggles, though very inexpertly: The man with the watch wore a tweed suit with thigh-length galoshes; his colleague, a kilt and a poncho.\par
\ldblquote Morning, Basil,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, picking up the boot and handing it to the kilted wizard, who threw it into a large box of used Portkeys beside him; Harry could see an old newspaper, an empty drinks can, and a punctured football.\par
\ldblquote Hello there, Arthur,\rdblquote  said Basil wearily. \ldblquote Not on duty, eh? It\rquote s all right for some. \'85 We\rquote ve been here all night. \'85 You\rquote d better get out of the way, we\rquote ve got a big party coming in from the Black For\-est at five-fifteen. Hang on, I\rquote ll find your campsite. \'85 Weasley \'85 Weasley \'85\rdblquote  He consulted his parchment list. \ldblquote About a quarter of a mile\rquote s walk over there, first field you come to. Site manager\rquote s called Mr. Roberts. Diggory \'85 second field \'85 ask for Mr. Payne.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thanks, Basil,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, and he beckoned everyone to follow him.\par
They set off across the deserted moor, unable to make out much through the mist. After about twenty minutes, a small stone cot\-tage next to a gate swam into view. Beyond it, Harry could just make out the ghostly shapes of hundreds and hundreds of tents, rising up the gentle slope of a large field toward a dark wood on the horizon. They said good-bye to the Diggorys and approached the cottage door.\par
A man was standing in the doorway, looking out at the tents. Harry knew at a glance that this was the only real Muggle for sev\-eral acres. When he heard their footsteps, he turned his head to look at them.\par
\ldblquote Morning!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley brightly.\par
\ldblquote Morning,\rdblquote  said the Muggle.\par
\ldblquote Would you be Mr. Roberts?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Aye, I would,\rdblquote  said Mr. Roberts. \ldblquote And who\rquote re you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Weasley \emdash  two tents, booked a couple of days ago?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Aye,\rdblquote  said Mr. Roberts, consulting a list tacked to the door. \ldblquote You\rquote ve got a space up by the wood there. Just the one night?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s it,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll be paying now, then?\rdblquote  said Mr. Roberts.\par
\ldblquote Ah \emdash  right \emdash  certainly \emdash\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. He retreated a short distance from the cottage and beckoned Harry toward him. \ldblquote Help me, Harry,\rdblquote  he muttered, pulling a roll of Muggle money from his pocket and starting to peel the notes apart. \ldblquote This one\rquote s a \emdash  a \emdash  a ten? Ah yes, I see the little number on it now. \'85 So this is a five?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A twenty,\rdblquote  Harry corrected him in an undertone, uncomfort\-ably aware of Mr. Roberts trying to catch every word.\par
\ldblquote Ah yes, so it is. \'85 I don\rquote t know, these little bits of paper \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You foreign?\rdblquote  said Mr. Roberts as Mr. Weasley returned with the correct notes.\par
\ldblquote Foreign?\rdblquote  repeated Mr. Weasley, puzzled.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re not the first one who\rquote s had trouble with money,\rdblquote  said Mr. Roberts, scrutinizing Mr. Weasley closely. \ldblquote I had two try and pay me with great gold coins the size of hubcaps ten minutes ago.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did you really?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley nervously.\par
Mr. Roberts rummaged around in a tin for some change.\par
\ldblquote Never been this crowded,\rdblquote  he said suddenly, looking out over the misty field again. \ldblquote Hundreds of pre-bookings. People usually just turn up. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Is that right?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, his hand held out for his change, but Mr. Roberts didn\rquote t give it to him.\par
\ldblquote Aye,\rdblquote  he said thoughtfully. \ldblquote People from all over. Loads of for\-eigners. And not just foreigners. Weirdos, you know? There\rquote s a bloke walking \rquote round in a kilt and a poncho.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shouldn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley anxiously.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s like some sort of \'85 I dunno \'85 like some sort of rally,\rdblquote  said Mr. Roberts. \ldblquote They all seem to know each other. Like a big party.\rdblquote\par
At that moment, a wizard in plus-fours appeared out of thin air next to Mr. Roberts\rquote s front door.\par
\ldblquote\i Obliviate\i0 !\rdblquote  he said sharply, pointing his wand at Mr. Roberts.\par
Instantly, Mr. Roberts\rquote s eyes slid out of focus, his brows unknitted, and a look of dreamy unconcern fell over his face. Harry recognized the symptoms of one who had just had his mem\-ory modified.\par
\ldblquote A map of the campsite for you,\rdblquote  Mr. Roberts said placidly to Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote And your change.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thanks very much,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley.\par
The wizard in plus-fours accompanied them toward the gate to the campsite. He looked exhausted: His chin was blue with stubble and there were deep purple shadows under his eyes. Once out of earshot of Mr. Roberts, he muttered to Mr. Weasley, \ldblquote Been having a lot of trouble with him. Needs a Memory Charm ten times a day to keep him happy. And Ludo Bagman\rquote s not helping. Trotting around talking about Bludgers and Quaffles at the top of his voice, not a worry about anti-Muggle security. Blimey, I\rquote ll be glad when this is over. See you later, Arthur.\rdblquote\par
He Disapparated.\par
\ldblquote I thought Mr. Bagman was Head of Magical Games and Sports,\rdblquote  said Ginny, looking surprised. \ldblquote He should know better than to talk about Bludgers near Muggles, shouldn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He should,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, smiling, and leading them through the gates into the campsite, \ldblquote but Ludo\rquote s always been a bit \'85 well \'85 \i lax\i0  about security. You couldn\rquote t wish for a more enthusiastic head of the sports department though. He played Quidditch for England himself, you know. And he was the best Beater the Wimbourne Wasps ever had.\rdblquote\par
They trudged up the misty field between long rows of tents. Most looked almost ordinary; their owners had clearly tried to make them as Muggle-like as possible, but had slipped up by adding chimneys, or bellpulls, or weather vanes. However, here and there was a tent so obviously magical that Harry could hardly be surprised that Mr. Roberts was getting suspicious. Halfway up the field stood an extravagant confection of striped silk like a miniature palace, with several live peacocks tethered at the entrance. A little farther on they passed a tent that had three floors and several tur\-rets; and a short way beyond that was a tent that had a front garden attached, complete with birdbath, sundial, and fountain.\par
\ldblquote Always the same,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, smiling. \ldblquote We can\rquote t resist showing off when we get together. Ah, here we are, look, this is us.\rdblquote\par
They had reached the very edge of the wood at the top of the field, and here was an empty space, with a small sign hammered into the ground that read WEEZLY.\par
\ldblquote Couldn\rquote t have a better spot!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley happily. \ldblquote The field is just on the other side of the wood there, we\rquote re as close as we could be.\rdblquote  He hoisted his backpack from his shoulders. \ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  he said excitedly, \ldblquote no magic allowed, strictly speaking, not when we\rquote re out in these numbers on Muggle land. We\rquote ll be putting these tents up by hand! Shouldn\rquote t be too difficult. \'85 Muggles do it all the time. \'85 Here, Harry, where do you reckon we should start?\rdblquote\par
Harry had never been camping in his life; the Dursleys had never taken him on any kind of holiday, preferring to leave him with Mrs. Figg, an old neighbor. However, he and Hermione worked out where most of the poles and pegs should go, and though Mr. Weasley was more of a hindrance than a help, because he got thoroughly overexcited when it came to using the mallet, they finally managed to erect a pair of shabby two-man tents.\par
All of them stood back to admire their handiwork. Nobody looking at these tents would guess they belonged to wizards, Harry thought, but the trouble was that once Bill, Charlie, and Percy arrived, they would be a party of ten. Hermione seemed to have spotted this problem too; she gave Harry a quizzical look as Mr. Weasley dropped to his hands and knees and entered the first tent.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll be a bit cramped,\rdblquote  he called, \ldblquote but I think we\rquote ll all squeeze in. Come and have a look.\rdblquote\par
Harry bent down, ducked under the tent flap, and felt his jaw drop. He had walked into what looked like an old-fashioned, three-room flat, complete with bathroom and kitchen. Oddly enough, it was furnished in exactly the same sort of style as Mrs. Figg\rquote s house: There were crocheted covers on the mismatched chairs and a strong smell of cats.\par
\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s not for long,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, mopping his bald patch with a handkerchief and peering in at the four bunk beds that stood in the bedroom. \ldblquote I borrowed this from Perkins at the of\-fice. Doesn\rquote t camp much anymore, poor fellow, he\rquote s got lumbago.\rdblquote\par
He picked up the dusty kettle and peered inside it. \ldblquote We\rquote ll need water. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s a tap marked on this map the Muggle gave us,\rdblquote  said Ron, who had followed Harry inside the tent and seemed com\-pletely unimpressed by its extraordinary inner proportions. \ldblquote It\rquote s on the other side of the field.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, why don\rquote t you, Harry, and Hermione go and get us some water then\rdblquote  \emdash  Mr. Weasley handed over the kettle and a couple of saucepans \emdash  \ldblquote and the rest of us will get some wood for a fire?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But we\rquote ve got an oven,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Why can\rquote t we just \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ron, anti-Muggle security!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, his face shining with anticipation. \ldblquote When real Muggles camp, they cook on fires outdoors. I\rquote ve seen them at it!\rdblquote\par
After a quick tour of the girls\rquote  tent, which was slightly smaller than the boys\rquote , though without the smell of cats, Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off across the campsite with the kettle and saucepans.\par
Now, with the sun newly risen and the mist lifting, they could see the city of tents that stretched in every direction. They made their way slowly through the rows, staring eagerly around. It was only just dawning on Harry how many witches and wizards there must be in the world; he had never really thought much about those in other countries.\par
Their fellow campers were starting to wake up. First to stir were the families with small children; Harry had never seen witches and wizards this young before. A tiny boy no older than two was crouched outside a large pyramid-shaped tent, holding a wand and poking happily at a slug in the grass, which was swelling slowly to the size of a salami. As they drew level with him, his mother came hurrying out of the tent.\par
\ldblquote\i How\i0  many times, Kevin? You \i don\rquote t\i0  \emdash  \i touch\i0  \emdash  \i Daddy\rquote s\i0  \emdash  \i wand\i0  \emdash  yecchh!\rdblquote\par
She had trodden on the giant slug, which burst. Her scolding carried after them on the still air, mingling with the little boy\rquote s yells \emdash  \ldblquote You bust slug! You bust slug!\rdblquote\par
A short way farther on, they saw two little witches, barely older than Kevin, who were riding toy broomsticks that rose only high enough for the girls\rquote  toes to skim the dewy grass. A Ministry wiz\-ard had already spotted them; as he hurried past Harry, Ron, and Hermione he muttered distractedly, \ldblquote In broad daylight! Parents having a lie-in, I suppose \emdash\rdblquote\par
Here and there adult wizards and witches were emerging from their tents and starting to cook breakfast. Some, with furtive looks around them, conjured fires with their wands; others were striking matches with dubious looks on their faces, as though sure this couldn\rquote t work. Three African wizards sat in serious conversation, all of them wearing long white robes and roasting what looked like a rabbit on a bright purple fire, while a group of middle-aged American witches sat gossiping happily beneath a spangled banner stretched between their tents that read: THE SALEM WITCHES\rquote  INSTITUTE. Harry caught snatches of conversation in strange lan\-guages from the inside of tents they passed, and though he couldn\rquote t understand a word, the tone of every single voice was excited.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  is it my eyes, or has everything gone green?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
It wasn\rquote t just Ron\rquote s eyes. They had walked into a patch of tents that were all covered with a thick growth of shamrocks, so that it looked as though small, oddly shaped hillocks had sprouted out of the earth. Grinning faces could be seen under those that had their flaps open. Then, from behind them, they heard their names.\par
\ldblquote Harry! Ron! Hermione!\rdblquote\par
It was Seamus Finnigan, their fellow Gryffindor fourth year. He was sitting in front of his own shamrock-covered tent, with a sandy-haired woman who had to be his mother, and his best friend, Dean Thomas, also of Gryffindor.\par
\ldblquote Like the decorations?\rdblquote  said Seamus, grinning. \ldblquote The Ministry\rquote s not too happy.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, why shouldn\rquote t we show our colors?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Finnigan. \ldblquote You should see what the Bulgarians have got dangling all over \i their\i0  tents. You\rquote ll be supporting Ireland, of course?\rdblquote  she added, eye\-ing Harry, Ron, and Hermione beadily. When they had assured her that they were indeed supporting Ireland, they set off again, though, as Ron said, \ldblquote Like we\rquote d say anything else surrounded by that lot.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I wonder what the Bulgarians have got dangling all over their tents?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s go and have a look,\rdblquote  said Harry, pointing to a large patch of tents upheld, where the Bulgarian flag \emdash  white, green, and red \emdash  was fluttering in the breeze.\par
The tents here had not been bedecked with plant life, but each and every one of them had the same poster attached to it, a poster of a very surly face with heavy black eyebrows. The picture was, of course, moving, but all it did was blink and scowl.\par
\ldblquote Krum,\rdblquote  said Ron quietly.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Krum!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He looks really grumpy,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking around at the many Krums blinking and scowling at them.\par
\ldblquote  \lquote\i Really grumpy\i0\rquote ?\rdblquote  Ron raised his eyes to the heavens. \ldblquote Who cares what he looks like? He\rquote s unbelievable. He\rquote s really young too. Only just eighteen or something. He\rquote s a \i genius,\i0  you wait until tonight, you\rquote ll see.\rdblquote\par
There was already a small queue for the tap in the corner of the field. Harry, Ron, and Hermione joined it, right behind a pair of men who were having a heated argument. One of them was a very old wizard who was wearing a long flowery nightgown. The other was clearly a Ministry wizard; he was holding out a pair of pin\-striped trousers and almost crying with exasperation.\par
\ldblquote Just put them on, Archie, there\rquote s a good chap. You can\rquote t walk around like that, the Muggle at the gate\rquote s already getting suspi\-cious \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I bought this in a Muggle shop,\rdblquote  said the old wizard stubbornly. \ldblquote Muggles wear them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Muggle \i women\i0  wear them, Archie, not the men, they wear \i these,\i0\rdblquote  said the Ministry wizard, and he brandished the pinstriped trousers.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not putting them on,\rdblquote  said old Archie in indignation. \ldblquote I like a healthy breeze \rquote round my privates, thanks.\rdblquote\par
Hermione was overcome with such a strong fit of the giggles at this point that she had to duck out of the queue and only returned when Archie had collected his water and moved away.\par
Walking more slowly now, because of the weight of the water, they made their way back through the campsite. Here and there, they saw more familiar faces: other Hogwarts students with their families. Oliver Wood, the old captain of Harry\rquote s House Quidditch team, who had just left Hogwarts, dragged Harry over to his par\-ents\rquote  tent to introduce him, and told him excitedly that he had just been signed to the Puddlemere United reserve team. Next they were hailed by Ernie Macmillan, a Hufflepuff fourth year, and a lit\-tle farther on they saw Cho Chang, a very pretty girl who played Seeker on the Ravenclaw team. She waved and smiled at Harry, who slopped quite a lot of water down his front as he waved back. More to stop Ron from smirking than anything, Harry hurriedly pointed out a large group of teenagers whom he had never seen before.\par
\ldblquote Who d\rquote you reckon they are?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote They don\rquote t go to Hog\-warts, do they?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Spect they go to some foreign school,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I know there are others. Never met anyone who went to one, though. Bill had a penfriend at a school in Brazil \'85 this was years and years ago \'85 and he wanted to go on an exchange trip but Mum and Dad couldn\rquote t afford it. His penfriend got all offended when he said he wasn\rquote t going and sent him a cursed hat. It made his ears shrivel up.\rdblquote\par
Harry laughed but didn\rquote t voice the amazement he felt at hearing about other wizarding schools. He supposed, now that he saw rep\-resentatives of so many nationalities in the campsite, that he had been stupid never to realize that Hogwarts couldn\rquote t be the only one. He glanced at Hermione, who looked utterly unsurprised by the information. No doubt she had run across the news about other wizarding schools in some book or other.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve been ages,\rdblquote  said George when they finally got back to the Weasleys\rquote  tents.\par
\ldblquote Met a few people,\rdblquote  said Ron, setting the water down. \ldblquote You not got that fire started yet?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dad\rquote s having fun with the matches,\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
Mr. Weasley was having no success at all in lighting the fire, but it wasn\rquote t for lack of trying. Splintered matches littered the ground around him, but he looked as though he was having the time of his life.\par
\ldblquote Oops!\rdblquote  he said as he managed to light a match and promptly dropped it in surprise.\par
\ldblquote Come here, Mr. Weasley,\rdblquote  said Hermione kindly, taking the box from him, and showing him how to do it properly.\par
At last they got the fire lit, though it was at least another hour before it was hot enough to cook anything. There was plenty to watch while they waited, however. Their tent seemed to be pitched right alongside a kind of thoroughfare to the field, and Ministry members kept hurrying up and down it, greeting Mr. Weasley cor\-dially as they passed. Mr. Weasley kept up a running commentary, mainly for Harry\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s benefit; his own children knew too much about the Ministry to be greatly interested.\par
\ldblquote That was Cuthbert Mockridge, Head of the Goblin Liaison Office. \'85 Here comes Gilbert Wimple; he\rquote s with the Committee on Experimental Charms; he\rquote s had those horns for a while now. \'85 Hello, Arnie \'85 Arnold Peasegood, he\rquote s an Obliviator \emdash  member of the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad, you know. \'85 and that\rquote s Bode and Croaker \'85 they\rquote re Unspeakables. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re what?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote From the Department of Mysteries, top secret, no idea what they get up to. \'85\rdblquote\par
At last, the fire was ready, and they had just started cooking eggs and sausages when Bill, Charlie, and Percy came strolling out of the woods toward them.\par
\ldblquote Just Apparated, Dad,\rdblquote  said Percy loudly. \ldblquote Ah, excellent, lunch!\rdblquote\par
They were halfway through their plates of eggs and sausages when Mr. Weasley jumped to his feet, waving and grinning at a man who was striding toward them. \ldblquote Aha!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote The man of the moment! Ludo!\rdblquote\par
Ludo Bagman was easily the most noticeable person Harry had seen so far, even including old Archie in his flowered nightdress. He was wearing long Quidditch robes in thick horizontal stripes of bright yellow and black. An enormous picture of a wasp was splashed across his chest. He had the look of a powerfully built man gone slightly to seed; the robes were stretched tightly across a large belly he surely had not had in the days when he had played Quidditch for England. His nose was squashed (probably broken by a stray Bludger, Harry thought), but his round blue eyes, short blond hair, and rosy complexion made him look like a very over\-grown schoolboy.\par
\ldblquote Ahoy there!\rdblquote  Bagman called happily. He was walking as though he had springs attached to the balls of his feet and was plainly in a state of wild excitement.\par
\ldblquote Arthur, old man,\rdblquote  he puffed as he reached the campfire, \ldblquote what a day, eh? What a day! Could we have asked for more perfect weather? A cloudless night coming \'85 and hardly a hiccough in the arrangements. \'85 Not much for me to do!\rdblquote\par
Behind him, a group of haggard-looking Ministry wizards rushed past, pointing at the distant evidence of some sort of a mag\-ical fire that was sending violet sparks twenty feet into the air.\par
Percy hurried forward with his hand outstretched. Apparently his disapproval of the way Ludo Bagman ran his department did not prevent him from wanting to make a good impression.\par
\ldblquote Ah \emdash  yes,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, grinning, \ldblquote this is my son Percy. He\rquote s just started at the Ministry \emdash  and this is Fred \emdash  no, George, sorry \emdash  \i that\rquote s\i0  Fred \emdash  Bill, Charlie, Ron \emdash  my daughter, Ginny \emdash  and Ron\rquote s friends, Hermione Granger and Harry Potter.\rdblquote\par
Bagman did the smallest of double takes when he heard Harry\rquote s name, and his eyes performed the familiar flick upward to the scar on Harry\rquote s forehead.\par
\ldblquote Everyone,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley continued, \ldblquote this is Ludo Bagman, you know who he is, it\rquote s thanks to him we\rquote ve got such good tickets \emdash\rdblquote\par
Bagman beamed and waved his hand as if to say it had been nothing.\par
\ldblquote Fancy a flutter on the match, Arthur?\rdblquote  he said eagerly, jingling what seemed to be a large amount of gold in the pockets of his yellow-and-black robes. \ldblquote I\rquote ve already got Roddy Pontner betting me Bulgaria will score first \emdash  I offered him nice odds, considering Ireland\rquote s front three are the strongest I\rquote ve seen in years \emdash  and little Agatha Timms has put up half shares in her eel farm on a week-long match.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh \'85 go on then,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Let\rquote s see \'85 a Galleon on Ireland to win?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A Galleon?\rdblquote  Ludo Bagman looked slightly disappointed, but re\-covered himself. \ldblquote Very well, very well \'85 any other takers?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re a bit young to be gambling,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Molly wouldn\rquote t like \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll bet thirty-seven Galleons, fifteen Sickles, three Knuts,\rdblquote  said Fred as he and George quickly pooled all their money, \ldblquote that Ireland wins \emdash  but Viktor Krum gets the Snitch. Oh and we\rquote ll throw in a fake wand.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t want to go showing Mr. Bagman rubbish like that \emdash\rdblquote  Percy hissed, but Bagman didn\rquote t seem to think the wand was rubbish at all; on the contrary, his boyish face shone with excitement as he took it from Fred, and when the wand gave a loud squawk and turned into a rubber chicken, Bagman roared with laughter.\par
\ldblquote Excellent! I haven\rquote t seen one that convincing in years! I\rquote d pay five Galleons for that!\rdblquote\par
Percy froze in an attitude of stunned disapproval.\par
\ldblquote Boys,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley under his breath, \ldblquote I don\rquote t want you betting. \'85 That\rquote s all your savings. \'85 Your mother \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be a spoilsport, Arthur!\rdblquote  boomed Ludo Bagman, rattling his pockets excitedly. \ldblquote They\rquote re old enough to know what they want! You reckon Ireland will win but Krum\rquote ll get the Snitch? Not a chance, boys, not a chance. \'85 I\rquote ll give you excellent odds on that one. \'85 We\rquote ll add five Galleons for the funny wand, then, shall we. \'85\rdblquote\par
Mr. Weasley looked on helplessly as Ludo Bagman whipped out a notebook and quill and began jotting down the twins\rquote  names.\par
\ldblquote Cheers,\rdblquote  said George, taking the slip of parchment Bagman handed him and tucking it away carefully. Bagman turned most cheerfully back to Mr. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote Couldn\rquote t do me a brew, I suppose? I\rquote m keeping an eye out for Barty Crouch. My Bulgarian opposite number\rquote s making difficul\-ties, and I can\rquote t understand a word he\rquote s saying. Barty\rquote ll be able to sort it out. He speaks about a hundred and fifty languages.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mr. Crouch?\rdblquote  said Percy, suddenly abandoning his look of poker-stiff disapproval and positively writhing with excitement. \ldblquote He speaks over two hundred! Mermish and Gobbledegook and Troll \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Anyone can speak Troll,\rdblquote  said Fred dismissively. \ldblquote All you have to do is point and grunt.\rdblquote\par
Percy threw Fred an extremely nasty look and stoked the fire vig\-orously to bring the kettle back to the boil.\par
\ldblquote Any news of Bertha Jorkins yet, Ludo?\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley asked as Bagman settled himself down on the grass beside them all.\par
\ldblquote Not a dicky bird,\rdblquote  said Bagman comfortably. \ldblquote But she\rquote ll turn up. Poor old Bertha \'85 memory like a leaky cauldron and no sense of direction. Lost, you take my word for it. She\rquote ll wander back into the office sometime in October, thinking it\rquote s still July.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t think it might be time to send someone to look for her?\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley suggested tentatively as Percy handed Bagman his tea.\par
\ldblquote Barty Crouch keeps saying that,\rdblquote  said Bagman, his round eyes widening innocently, \ldblquote but we really can\rquote t spare anyone at the mo\-ment. Oh \emdash  talk of the devil! Barty!\rdblquote\par
A wizard had just Apparated at their fireside, and he could not have made more of a contrast with Ludo Bagman, sprawled on the grass in his old Wasp robes. Barty Crouch was a stiff, upright, el\-derly man, dressed in an impeccably crisp suit and tie. The parting in his short gray hair was almost unnaturally straight, and his nar\-row toothbrush mustache looked as though he trimmed it using a slide rule. His shoes were very highly polished. Harry could see at once why Percy idolized him. Percy was a great believer in rigidly following rules, and Mr. Crouch had complied with the rule about Muggle dressing so thoroughly that he could have passed for a bank manager; Harry doubted even Uncle Vernon would have spotted him for what he really was.\par
\ldblquote Pull up a bit of grass, Barty,\rdblquote  said Ludo brightly, patting the ground beside him.\par
\ldblquote No thank you, Ludo,\rdblquote  said Crouch, and there was a bite of im\-patience in his voice. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been looking for you everywhere. The Bulgarians are insisting we add another twelve seats to the Top Box.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh is \i that\i0  what they\rquote re after?\rdblquote  said Bagman. \ldblquote I thought the chap was asking to borrow a pair of tweezers. Bit of a strong accent.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mr. Crouch!\rdblquote  said Percy breathlessly, sunk into a kind of half-bow that made him look like a hunchback. \ldblquote Would you like a cup of tea?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch, looking over at Percy in mild surprise. \ldblquote Yes \emdash  thank you, Weatherby\rdblquote\par
Fred and George choked into their own cups. Percy, very pink around the ears, busied himself with the kettle.\par
\ldblquote Oh and I\rquote ve been wanting a word with you too, Arthur,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch, his sharp eyes falling upon Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Ali Bashir\rquote s on the warpath. He wants a word with you about your embargo on flying carpets.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Weasley heaved a deep sigh.\par
\ldblquote I sent him an owl about that just last week. If I\rquote ve told him once I\rquote ve told him a hundred times: Carpets are defined as a Muggle Ar\-tifact by the Registry of Proscribed Charmable Objects, but will he listen?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I doubt it,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch, accepting a cup from Percy. \ldblquote He\rquote s desperate to export here.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, they\rquote ll never replace brooms in Britain, will they?\rdblquote  said Bagman.\par
\ldblquote Ali thinks there\rquote s a niche in the market for a family vehicle,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch. \ldblquote I remember my grandfather had an Axminster that could seat twelve \emdash  but that was before carpets were banned, of course.\rdblquote\par
He spoke as though he wanted to leave nobody in any doubt that all his ancestors had abided strictly by the law.\par
\ldblquote So, been keeping busy, Barty?\rdblquote  said Bagman breezily.\par
\ldblquote Fairly,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch dryly. \ldblquote Organizing Portkeys across five continents is no mean feat, Ludo.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I expect you\rquote ll both be glad when this is over?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley.\par
Ludo Bagman looked shocked.\par
\ldblquote Glad! Don\rquote t know when I\rquote ve had more fun. \'85 Still, it\rquote s not as though we haven\rquote t got anything to look forward to, eh, Barty? Eh? Plenty left to organize, eh?\rdblquote\par
Mr. Crouch raised his eyebrows at Bagman.\par
\ldblquote We agreed not to make the announcement until all the details \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh details!\rdblquote  said Bagman, waving the word away like a cloud of midges. \ldblquote They\rquote ve signed, haven\rquote t they? They\rquote ve agreed, haven\rquote t they? I bet you anything these kids\rquote ll know soon enough anyway. I mean, it\rquote s happening at Hogwarts \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ludo, we need to meet the Bulgarians, you know,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch sharply, cutting Bagman\rquote s remarks short. \ldblquote Thank you for the tea, Weatherby.\rdblquote\par
He pushed his undrunk tea back at Percy and waited for Ludo to rise; Bagman struggled to his feet, swigging down the last of his tea, the gold in his pockets chinking merrily.\par
\ldblquote See you all later!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote You\rquote ll be up in the Top Box with me \emdash  I\rquote m commentating!\rdblquote  He waved, Barty Crouch nodded curtly, and both of them Disapparated.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s happening at Hogwarts, Dad?\rdblquote  said Fred at once. \ldblquote What were they talking about?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll find out soon enough,\rdblquote  said Mr.Weasley, smiling.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s classified information, until such time as the Ministry de\-cides to release it,\rdblquote  said Percy stiffly. \ldblquote Mr. Crouch was quite right not to disclose it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh shut up, Weatherby,\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
A sense of excitement rose like a palpable cloud over the camp\-site as the afternoon wore on. By dusk, the still summer air itself seemed to be quivering with anticipation, and as darkness spread like a curtain over the thousands of waiting wizards, the last vestiges of pretence disappeared: the Ministry seemed to have bowed to the inevitable and stopped fighting the signs of blatant magic now breaking out everywhere.\par
Salesmen were Apparating every few feet, carrying trays and pushing carts full of extraordinary merchandise. There were lumi\-nous rosettes \emdash  green for Ireland, red for Bulgaria \emdash  which were squealing the names of the players, pointed green hats bedecked with dancing shamrocks, Bulgarian scarves adorned with lions that really roared, flags from both countries that played their national anthems as they were waved; there were tiny models of Firebolts that really flew, and collectible figures of famous players, which strolled across the palm of your hand, preening themselves.\par
\ldblquote Been saving my pocket money all summer for this,\rdblquote  Ron told Harry as they and Hermione strolled through the salesmen, buying souvenirs. Though Ron purchased a dancing shamrock hat and a large green rosette, he also bought a small figure of Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker. The miniature Krum walked backward and forward over Ron\rquote s hand, scowling up at the green rosette above him.\par
\ldblquote Wow, look at these!\rdblquote  said Harry, hurrying over to a cart piled high with what looked like brass binoculars, except that they were covered with all sorts of weird knobs and dials.\par
\ldblquote Omnioculars,\rdblquote  said the saleswizard eagerly. \ldblquote You can replay ac\-tion \'85 slow everything down \'85 and they flash up a play-by-play breakdown if you need it. Bargain \emdash  ten Galleons each.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wish I hadn\rquote t bought this now,\rdblquote  said Ron, gesturing at his dancing shamrock hat and gazing longingly at the Omnioculars.\par
\ldblquote Three pairs,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly to the wizard.\par
\ldblquote No \emdash  don\rquote t bother,\rdblquote  said Ron, going red. He was always touchy about the fact that Harry, who had inherited a small for\-tune from his parents, had much more money than he did.\par
\ldblquote You won\rquote t be getting anything for Christmas,\rdblquote  Harry told him, thrusting Omnioculars into his and Hermione\rquote s hands. \ldblquote For about ten years, mind.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fair enough,\rdblquote  said Ron, grinning.\par
\ldblquote Oooh, thanks, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote And I\rquote ll get us some programs, look \emdash\rdblquote\par
Their money bags considerably lighter, they went back to the tents. Bill, Charlie, and Ginny were all sporting green rosettes too, and Mr. Weasley was carrying an Irish flag. Fred and George had no souvenirs as they had given Bagman all their gold.\par
And then a deep, booming gong sounded somewhere beyond the woods, and at once, green and red lanterns blazed into life in the trees, lighting a path to the field.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s time!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, looking as excited as any of them. \ldblquote Come on, let\rquote s go!\rdblquote\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Quidditch World Cup\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Clutching their purchases, Mr. Weasley in the lead, they all hurried into the wood, following the lantern-lit trail. They could hear the sounds of thousands of people moving around them, shouts and laughter, snatches of singing. The atmosphere of feverish excitement was highly infectious; Harry couldn\rquote t stop grin\-ning. They walked through the wood for twenty minutes, talking and joking loudly, until at last they emerged on the other side and found themselves in the shadow of a gigantic stadium. Though Harry could see only a fraction of the immense gold walls sur\-rounding the field, he could tell that ten cathedrals would fit com\-fortably inside it.\par
\ldblquote Seats a hundred thousand,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, spotting the awestruck look on Harry\rquote s face. \ldblquote Ministry task force of five hun\-dred have been working on it all year. Muggle Repelling Charms on every inch of it. Every time Muggles have got anywhere near here all year, they\rquote ve suddenly remembered urgent appointments and had to dash away again \'85 bless them,\rdblquote  he added fondly, lead\-ing the way toward the nearest entrance, which was already sur\-rounded by a swarm of shouting witches and wizards.\par
\ldblquote Prime seats!\rdblquote  said the Ministry witch at the entrance when she checked their tickets. \ldblquote Top Box! Straight upstairs, Arthur, and as high as you can go.\rdblquote\par
The stairs into the stadium were carpeted in rich purple. They clambered upward with the rest of the crowd, which slowly filtered away through doors into the stands to their left and right. Mr. Weasley\rquote s party kept climbing, and at last they reached the top of the staircase and found themselves in a small box, set at the high\-est point of the stadium and situated exactly halfway between the golden goal posts. About twenty purple-and-gilt chairs stood in two rows here, and Harry, filing into the front seats with the Weasleys, looked down upon a scene the likes of which he could never have imagined.\par
A hundred thousand witches and wizards were taking their places in the seats, which rose in levels around the long oval field. Everything was suffused with a mysterious golden light, which seemed to come from the stadium itself. The field looked smooth as velvet from their lofty position. At either end of the field stood three goal hoops, fifty feet high; right opposite them, almost at Harry\rquote s eye level, was a gigantic blackboard. Gold writing kept dashing across it as though an invisible giant\rquote s hand were scrawling upon the blackboard and then wiping it off again; watching it, Harry saw that it was flashing advertisements across the field.\par
\i The Bluebottle: A Broom for All the Family \emdash  safe, reliable, and with Built-in Anti-Burglar Buzzer \'85 Mrs. Skower\rquote s All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover: No Pain, No Stain! \'85 Gladrags Wizardwear \emdash  London, Paris, Hogsmeade \'85\par
\i0 Harry tore his eyes away from the sign and looked over his shoulder to see who else was sharing the box with them. So far it was empty, except for a tiny creature sitting in the second from last seat at the end of the row behind them. The creature, whose legs were so short they stuck out in front of it on the chair, was wearing a tea towel draped like a toga, and it had its face hidden in its hands. Yet those long, batlike ears were oddly familiar. \'85\par
\ldblquote\i Dobby\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry incredulously.\par
The tiny creature looked up and stretched its fingers, revealing enormous brown eyes and a nose the exact size and shape of a large tomato. It wasn\rquote t Dobby \emdash  it was, however, unmistakably a house-elf, as Harry\rquote s friend Dobby had been. Harry had set Dobby free from his old owners, the Malfoy family.\par
\ldblquote Did sir just call me Dobby?\rdblquote  squeaked the elf curiously from between its fingers. Its voice was higher even than Dobby\rquote s had been, a teeny, quivering squeak of a voice, and Harry suspected \emdash  though it was very hard to tell with a house-elf \emdash  that this one might just be female. Ron and Hermione spun around in their seats to look. Though they had heard a lot about Dobby from Harry, they had never actually met him. Even Mr. Weasley looked around in interest.\par
\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  Harry told the elf, \ldblquote I just thought you were someone I knew.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But I knows Dobby too, sir!\rdblquote  squeaked the elf. She was shield\-ing her face, as though blinded by light, though the Top Box was not brightly lit. \ldblquote My name is Winky, sir \emdash  and you, sir \emdash\rdblquote  Her dark brown eyes widened to the size of side plates as they rested upon Harry\rquote s scar. \ldblquote You is surely Harry Potter!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I am,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote But Dobby talks of you all the time, sir!\rdblquote  she said, lowering her hands very slightly and looking awestruck.\par
\ldblquote How is he?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote How\rquote s freedom suiting him?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, sir,\rdblquote  said Winky, shaking her head, \ldblquote ah sir, meaning no dis\-respect, sir, but I is not sure you did Dobby a favor, sir, when you is setting him free.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  said Harry, taken aback. \ldblquote What\rquote s wrong with him?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Freedom is going to Dobby\rquote s head, sir,\rdblquote  said Winky sadly. \ldblquote Ideas above his station, sir. Can\rquote t get another position, sir.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Winky lowered her voice by a half-octave and whispered, \ldblquote\i He is wanting paying for his work, sir.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Paying?\rdblquote  said Harry blankly. \ldblquote Well \emdash  why shouldn\rquote t he be paid?\rdblquote\par
Winky looked quite horrified at the idea and closed her fingers slightly so that her face was half-hidden again.\par
\ldblquote House-elves is not paid, sir!\rdblquote  she said in a muffled squeak. \ldblquote No, no, no. I says to Dobby, I says, go find yourself a nice family and settle down, Dobby. He is getting up to all sorts of high jinks, sir, what is unbecoming to a house-elf. You goes racketing around like this, Dobby, I says, and next thing I hear you\rquote s up in front of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, like some common goblin.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s about time he had a bit of fun,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote House-elves is not supposed to have fun, Harry Potter,\rdblquote  said Winky firmly, from behind her hands. \ldblquote House-elves does what they is told. I is not liking heights at all, Harry Potter\rdblquote  \emdash  she glanced toward the edge of the box and gulped \emdash  \ldblquote but my master sends me to the Top Box and I comes, sir.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why\rquote s he sent you up here, if he knows you don\rquote t like heights?\rdblquote  said Harry, frowning.\par
\ldblquote Master \emdash  master wants me to save him a seat, Harry Potter. He is very busy,\rdblquote  said Winky, tilting her head toward the empty space beside her. \ldblquote Winky is wishing she is back in master\rquote s tent, Harry Potter, but Winky does what she is told. Winky is a good house-elf.\rdblquote\par
She gave the edge of the box another frightened look and hid her eyes completely again. Harry turned back to the others.\par
\ldblquote So that\rquote s a house-elf?\rdblquote  Ron muttered. \ldblquote Weird things, aren\rquote t they?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dobby was weirder,\rdblquote  said Harry fervently.\par
Ron pulled out his Omnioculars and started testing them, star\-ing down into the crowd on the other side of the stadium.\par
\ldblquote Wild!\rdblquote  he said, twiddling the replay knob on the side. \ldblquote I can make that old bloke down there pick his nose again \'85 and again \'85 and again \'85\rdblquote\par
Hermione, meanwhile, was skimming eagerly through her velvet-covered, tasseled program.\par
\ldblquote  \lquote A display from the team mascots will precede the match,\rquote  \rdblquote  she read aloud.\par
\ldblquote Oh that\rquote s always worth watching,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote National teams bring creatures from their native land, you know, to put on a bit of a show.\rdblquote\par
The box filled gradually around them over the next half hour. Mr. Weasley kept shaking hands with people who were obviously very important wizards. Percy jumped to his feet so often that he looked as though he were trying to sit on a hedgehog. When Cor\-nelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic himself, arrived, Percy bowed so low that his glasses fell off and shattered. Highly embarrassed, he repaired them with his wand and thereafter remained in his seat, throwing jealous looks at Harry, whom Cornelius Fudge had greeted like an old friend. They had met before, and Fudge shook Harry\rquote s hand in a fatherly fashion, asked how he was, and intro\-duced him to the wizards on either side of him.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter, you know,\rdblquote  he told the Bulgarian minister loudly, who was wearing splendid robes of black velvet trimmed with gold and didn\rquote t seem to understand a word of English. \ldblquote\i Harry Potter\i0  \'85 oh come on now, you know who he is \'85 the boy who survived You-Know-Who \'85 you \i do\i0  know who he is \emdash\rdblquote\par
The Bulgarian wizard suddenly spotted Harry\rquote s scar and started gabbling loudly and excitedly, pointing at it.\par
\ldblquote Knew we\rquote d get there in the end,\rdblquote  said Fudge wearily to Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote m no great shakes at languages; I need Barty Crouch for this sort of thing. Ah, I see his house-elf\rquote s saving him a seat. \'85 Good job too, these Bulgarian blighters have been trying to cadge all the best places \'85 ah, and here\rquote s Lucius!\rdblquote\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned quickly. Edging along the second row to three still-empty seats right behind Mr. Weasley were none other than Dobby the house-elf\rquote s former owners: Lucius Malfoy; his son, Draco; and a woman Harry supposed must be Draco\rquote s mother.\par
Harry and Draco Malfoy had been enemies ever since their very first journey to Hogwarts. A pale boy with a pointed face and white-blond hair, Draco greatly resembled his father. His mother was blonde too; tall and slim, she would have been nice-looking if she hadn\rquote t been wearing a look that suggested there was a nasty smell under her nose.\par
\ldblquote Ah, Fudge,\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy, holding out his hand as he reached the Minister of Magic. \ldblquote How are you? I don\rquote t think you\rquote ve met my wife, Narcissa? Or our son, Draco?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How do you do, how do you do?\rdblquote  said Fudge, smiling and bowing to Mrs. Malfoy. \ldblquote And allow me to introduce you to Mr. Oblansk \emdash  Obalonsk \emdash  Mr. \emdash  well, he\rquote s the Bulgarian Minister of Magic, and he can\rquote t understand a word I\rquote m saying anyway, so never mind. And let\rquote s see who else \emdash  you know Arthur Weasley, I daresay?\rdblquote\par
It was a tense moment. Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy looked at each other and Harry vividly recalled the last time they had come face-to-face: It had been in Flourish and Blotts\rquote  bookshop, and they had had a fight. Mr. Malfoy\rquote s cold gray eyes swept over Mr. Weasley, and then up and down the row.\par
\ldblquote Good lord, Arthur,\rdblquote  he said softly. \ldblquote What did you have to sell to get seats in the Top Box? Surely your house wouldn\rquote t have fetched this much?\rdblquote\par
Fudge, who wasn\rquote t listening, said, \ldblquote Lucius has just given a \i very \i0 generous contribution to St. Mungo\rquote s Hospital for Magical Mal\-adies and Injuries, Arthur. He\rquote s here as my guest.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How \emdash  how nice,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, with a very strained smile.\par
Mr. Malfoy\rquote s eyes had returned to Hermione, who went slightly pink, but stared determinedly back at him. Harry knew exactly what was making Mr. Malfoy\rquote s lip curl like that. The Malfoys prided themselves on being purebloods; in other words, they con\-sidered anyone of Muggle descent, like Hermione, second-class. However, under the gaze of the Minister of Magic, Mr. Malfoy did\-n\rquote t dare say anything. He nodded sneeringly to Mr. Weasley and continued down the line to his seats. Draco shot Harry, Ron, and Hermione one contemptuous look, then settled himself between his mother and father.\par
\ldblquote Slimy gits,\rdblquote  Ron muttered as he, Harry, and Hermione turned to face the field again. Next moment, Ludo Bagman charged into the box.\par
\ldblquote Everyone ready?\rdblquote  he said, his round face gleaming like a great, excited Edam. \ldblquote Minister \emdash  ready to go?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ready when you are, Ludo,\rdblquote  said Fudge comfortably.\par
Ludo whipped out his wand, directed it at his own throat, and said \ldblquote\i Sonorus\i0 !\rdblquote  and then spoke over the roar of sound that was now filling the packed stadium; his voice echoed over them, booming into every corner of the stands.\par
\ldblquote Ladies and gentlemen \'85 welcome! Welcome to the final of the four hundred and twenty-second Quidditch World Cup!\rdblquote\par
The spectators screamed and clapped. Thousands of flags waved, adding their discordant national anthems to the racket. The huge blackboard opposite them was wiped clear of its last message (\i Bertie Bott\rquote s Every Flavor Beans \emdash  A Risk With Every Mouthful\i0 !) and now showed BULGARIA: 0, IRELAND: 0.\par
\ldblquote And now, without further ado, allow me to introduce \'85 the Bulgarian National Team Mascots!\rdblquote\par
The right-hand side of the stands, which was a solid block of scarlet, roared its approval.\par
\ldblquote I wonder what they\rquote ve brought,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, leaning for\-ward in his seat. \ldblquote Aaah!\rdblquote  He suddenly whipped off his glasses and polished them hurriedly on his robes. \ldblquote\i Veela\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What are veel \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
But a hundred veela were now gliding out onto the field, and Harry\rquote s question was answered for him. Veela were women \'85 the most beautiful women Harry had ever seen \'85 except that they weren\rquote t \emdash  they couldn\rquote t be \emdash  human. This puzzled Harry for a moment while he tried to guess what exactly they could be; what could make their skin shine moon-bright like that, or their white-gold hair fan out behind them without wind \'85 but then the mu\-sic started, and Harry stopped worrying about them not being human \emdash  in fact, he stopped worrying about anything at all.\par
The veela had started to dance, and Harry\rquote s mind had gone com\-pletely and blissfully blank. All that mattered in the world was that he kept watching the veela, because if they stopped dancing, terri\-ble things would happen. \'85\par
And as the veela danced faster and faster, wild, half-formed thoughts started chasing through Harry\rquote s dazed mind. He wanted to do something very impressive, right now. Jumping from the box into the stadium seemed a good idea \'85 but would it be good enough?\par
\ldblquote Harry, what \i are\i0  you doing?\rdblquote  said Hermione\rquote s voice from a long way off.\par
The music stopped. Harry blinked. He was standing up, and one of his legs was resting on the wall of the box. Next to him, Ron was frozen in an attitude that looked as though he were about to dive from a springboard.\par
Angry yells were filling the stadium. The crowd didn\rquote t want the veela to go. Harry was with them; he would, of course, be sup\-porting Bulgaria, and he wondered vaguely why he had a large green shamrock pinned to his chest. Ron, meanwhile, was absent-mindedly shredding the shamrocks on his hat. Mr. Weasley, smil\-ing slightly, leaned over to Ron and tugged the hat out of his hands.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll be wanting that,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote once Ireland have had their say.\par
\ldblquote Huh?\rdblquote  said Ron, staring openmouthed at the veela, who had now lined up along one side of the field.\par
Hermione made a loud tutting noise. She reached up and pulled Harry back into his seat. \ldblquote\i Honestly\i0 !\rdblquote  she said.\par
\ldblquote And now,\rdblquote  roared Ludo Bagman\rquote s voice, \ldblquote kindly put your wands in the air \'85 for the Irish National Team Mascots!\rdblquote\par
Next moment, what seemed to be a great green-and-gold comet came zooming into the stadium. It did one circuit of the stadium, then split into two smaller comets, each hurtling toward the goal posts. A rainbow arced suddenly across the field, connecting the two balls of light. The crowd oooohed and aaaaahed, as though at a fireworks display. Now the rainbow faded and the balls of light re\-united and merged; they had formed a great shimmering sham\-rock, which rose up into the sky and began to soar over the stands. Something like golden rain seemed to be falling from it \emdash\par
\ldblquote Excellent!\rdblquote  yelled Ron as the shamrock soared over them, and heavy gold coins rained from it, bouncing off their heads and seats. Squinting up at the shamrock, Harry realized that it was actually comprised of thousands of tiny little bearded men with red vests, each carrying a minute lamp of gold or green.\par
\ldblquote Leprechauns!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley over the tumultuous applause of the crowd, many of whom were still fighting and rummaging around under their chairs to retrieve the gold.\par
\ldblquote There you go,\rdblquote  Ron yelled happily, stuffing a fistful of gold coins into Harry\rquote s hand, \ldblquote for the Omnioculars! Now you\rquote ve got to buy me a Christmas present, ha!\rdblquote\par
The great shamrock dissolved, the leprechauns drifted down onto the field on the opposite side from the veela, and settled themselves cross-legged to watch the match.\par
\ldblquote And now, ladies and gentlemen, kindly welcome \emdash  the Bulgar\-ian National Quidditch Team! I give you \emdash  Dimitrov!\rdblquote\par
A scarlet-clad figure on a broomstick, moving so fast it was blurred, shot out onto the field from an entrance far below, to wild applause from the Bulgarian supporters.\par
\ldblquote Ivanova!\rdblquote\par
A second scarlet-robed player zoomed out.\par
\ldblquote Zograf! Levski! Vulchanov! Volkov! Aaaaaaand \emdash  \i Krum\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s him, that\rquote s him!\rdblquote  yelled Ron, following Krum with his Omnioculars. Harry quickly focused his own.\par
Viktor Krum was thin, dark, and sallow-skinned, with a large curved nose and thick black eyebrows. He looked like an over\-grown bird of prey. It was hard to believe he was only eighteen.\par
\ldblquote And now, please greet \emdash  the Irish National Quidditch Team!\rdblquote  yelled Bagman. \ldblquote Presenting \emdash  Connolly! Ryan! Troy! Mullet! Moran! Quigley! Aaaaaand \emdash  \i Lynch\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Seven green blurs swept onto the field; Harry spun a small dial on the side of his Omnioculars and slowed the players down enough to read the word \ldblquote Firebolt\rdblquote  on each of their brooms and see their names, embroidered in silver, upon their backs.\par
\ldblquote And here, all the way from Egypt, our referee, acclaimed Chairwizard of the International Association of Quidditch, Hassan Mostafa!\rdblquote\par
A small and skinny wizard, completely bald but with a mustache to rival Uncle Vernon\rquote s, wearing robes of pure gold to match the stadium, strode out onto the field. A silver whistle was protruding from under the mustache, and he was carrying a large wooden crate under one arm, his broomstick under the other. Harry spun the speed dial on his Omnioculars back to normal, watching closely as Mostafa mounted his broomstick and kicked the crate open \emdash  four balls burst into the air: the scarlet Quaffle, the two black Bludgers, and (Harry saw it for the briefest moment, before it sped out of sight) the minuscule, winged Golden Snitch. With a sharp blast on his whistle, Mostafa shot into the air after the balls.\par
\ldblquote Theeeeeeeey\rquote re OFF!\rdblquote  screamed Bagman. \ldblquote And it\rquote s Mullet! Troy! Moran! Dimitrov! Back to Mullet! Troy! Levski! Moran!\rdblquote\par
It was Quidditch as Harry had never seen it played before. He was pressing his Omnioculars so hard to his glasses that they were cutting into the bridge of his nose. The speed of the players was in\-credible \emdash  the Chasers were throwing the Quaffle to one another so fast that Bagman only had time to say their names. Harry spun the slow dial on the right of his Omnioculars again, pressed the play-by-play button on the top, and he was immediately watching in slow motion, while glittering purple lettering flashed across the lenses and the noise of the crowd pounded against his eardrums.\par
\i Hawkshead Attacking Formation,\i0  he read as he watched the three Irish Chasers zoom closely together, Troy in the center, slightly ahead of Mullet and Moran, bearing down upon the Bul\-garians. \i Porskoff Ploy\i0  flashed up next, as Troy made as though to dart upward with the Quaffle, drawing away the Bulgarian Chaser Ivanova and dropping the Quaffle to Moran. One of the Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov, swung hard at a passing Bludger with his small club, knocking it into Moran\rquote s path; Moran ducked to avoid the Bludger and dropped the Quaffle; and Levski, soaring beneath, caught it \emdash\par
\ldblquote TROY SCORES!\rdblquote  roared Bagman, and the stadium shuddered with a roar of applause and cheers. \ldblquote Ten zero to Ireland!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  Harry yelled, looking wildly around through his Om\-nioculars. \ldblquote But Levski\rquote s got the Quaffle!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry, if you\rquote re not going to watch at normal speed, you\rquote re go\-ing to miss things!\rdblquote  shouted Hermione, who was dancing up and down, waving her arms in the air while Troy did a lap of honor around the field. Harry looked quickly over the top of his Omni-oculars and saw that the leprechauns watching from the sidelines had all risen into the air again and formed the great, glittering shamrock. Across the field, the veela were watching them sulkily.\par
Furious with himself, Harry spun his speed dial back to normal as play resumed.\par
Harry knew enough about Quidditch to see that the Irish Chasers were superb. They worked as a seamless team, their move\-ments so well coordinated that they appeared to be reading one another\rquote s minds as they positioned themselves, and the rosette on Harry\rquote s chest kept squeaking their names: \ldblquote\i Troy\i0  \emdash  \i Mullet\i0  \emdash  \i Moran\i0 !\rdblquote  And within ten minutes, Ireland had scored twice more, bringing their lead to thirty-zero and causing a thunderous tide of roars and applause from the green-clad supporters.\par
The match became still faster, but more brutal. Volkov and Vulchanov, the Bulgarian Beaters, were whacking the Bludgers as fiercely as possible at the Irish Chasers, and were starting to prevent them from using some of their best moves; twice they were forced to scatter, and then, finally, Ivanova managed to break through their ranks; dodge the Keeper, Ryan; and score Bulgaria\rquote s first goal.\par
\ldblquote Fingers in your ears!\rdblquote  bellowed Mr. Weasley as the veela started to dance in celebration. Harry screwed up his eyes too; he wanted to keep his mind on the game. After a few seconds, he chanced a glance at the field. The veela had stopped dancing, and Bulgaria was again in possession of the Quaffle.\par
\ldblquote Dimitrov! Levski! Dimitrov! Ivanova \emdash  oh I say!\rdblquote  roared Bagman.\par
One hundred thousand wizards gasped as the two Seekers, Krum and Lynch, plummeted through the center of the Chasers, so fast that it looked as though they had just jumped from airplanes without parachutes. Harry followed their descent through his Om\-nioculars, squinting to see where the Snitch was \emdash\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re going to crash!\rdblquote  screamed Hermione next to Harry.\par
She was half right \emdash  at the very last second, Viktor Krum pulled out of the dive and spiraled off. Lynch, however, hit the ground with a dull thud that could be heard throughout the sta\-dium. A huge groan rose from the Irish seats.\par
\ldblquote Fool!\rdblquote  moaned Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Krum was feinting!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s time-out!\rdblquote  yelled Bagman\rquote s voice, \ldblquote as trained mediwizards hurry onto the field to examine Aidan Lynch!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote ll be okay, he only got ploughed!\rdblquote  Charlie said reassuringly to Ginny, who was hanging over the side of the box, looking horror-struck. \ldblquote Which is what Krum was after, of course. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry hastily pressed the replay and play-by-play buttons on his Omnioculars, twiddled the speed dial, and put them back up to his eyes.\par
He watched as Krum and Lynch dived again in slow motion. \i Wronski Defensive Feint \emdash  dangerous Seeker diversion \i0 read the shining purple lettering across his lenses. He saw Krum\rquote s face contorted with concentration as he pulled out of the dive just in time, while Lynch was flattened, and he understood \emdash  Krum hadn\rquote t seen the Snitch at all, he was just making Lynch copy him. Harry had never seen anyone fly like that; Krum hardly looked as though he was using a broomstick at all; he moved so easily through the air that he looked unsupported and weightless. Harry turned his Omnioculars back to normal and focused them on Krum. He was now circling high above Lynch, who was being re\-vived by mediwizards with cups of potion. Harry, focusing still more closely upon Krum\rquote s face, saw his dark eyes darting all over the ground a hundred feet below. He was using the time while Lynch was revived to look for the Snitch without interference.\par
Lynch got to his feet at last, to loud cheers from the green-clad supporters, mounted his Firebolt, and kicked back off into the air. His revival seemed to give Ireland new heart. When Mostafa blew his whistle again, the Chasers moved into action with a skill unri\-valed by anything Harry had seen so far.\par
After fifteen more fast and furious minutes, Ireland had pulled ahead by ten more goals. They were now leading by one hundred and thirty points to ten, and the game was starting to get dirtier.\par
As Mullet shot toward the goal posts yet again, clutching the Quaffle tightly under her arm, the Bulgarian Keeper, Zograf, flew out to meet her. Whatever happened was over so quickly Harry didn\rquote t catch it, but a scream of rage from the Irish crowd, and Mostafa\rquote s long, shrill whistle blast, told him it had been a foul.\par
\ldblquote And Mostafa takes the Bulgarian Keeper to task for cobbing \emdash  excessive use of elbows!\rdblquote  Bagman informed the roaring spectators. \ldblquote And \emdash  yes, it\rquote s a penalty to Ireland!\rdblquote\par
The leprechauns, who had risen angrily into the air like a swarm of glittering hornets when Mullet had been fouled, now darted to\-gether to form the words \ldblquote HA, HA, HA!\rdblquote  The veela on the other side of the field leapt to their feet, tossed their hair angrily, and started to dance again.\par
As one, the Weasley boys and Harry stuffed their fingers into their ears, but Hermione, who hadn\rquote t bothered, was soon tugging on Harry\rquote s arm. He turned to look at her, and she pulled his fingers impatiently out of his ears.\par
\ldblquote Look at the referee!\rdblquote  she said, giggling.\par
Harry looked down at the field. Hassan Mostafa had landed right in front of the dancing veela, and was acting very oddly indeed. He was flexing his muscles and smoothing his mustache excitedly.\par
\ldblquote Now, we can\rquote t have that!\rdblquote  said Ludo Bagman, though he sounded highly amused. \ldblquote Somebody slap the referee!\rdblquote\par
A mediwizard came tearing across the field, his fingers stuffed into his own ears, and kicked Mostafa hard in the shins. Mostafa seemed to come to himself; Harry, watching through the Om\-nioculars again, saw that he looked exceptionally embarrassed and had started shouting at the veela, who had stopped dancing and were looking mutinous.\par
\ldblquote And unless I\rquote m much mistaken, Mostafa is actually attempting to send off the Bulgarian team mascots!\rdblquote  said Bagman\rquote s voice. \ldblquote Now \i there\rquote s\i0  something we haven\rquote t seen before. \'85 Oh this could turn nasty. \'85\rdblquote\par
It did: The Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov and Vulchanov, landed on either side of Mostafa and began arguing furiously with him, gesticulating toward the leprechauns, who had now gleefully formed the words \ldblquote HEE, HEE, HEE.\rdblquote  Mostafa was not impressed by the Bulgarians\rquote  arguments, however; he was jabbing his finger into the air, clearly telling them to get flying again, and when they refused, he gave two short blasts on his whistle.\par
\ldblquote\i Two\i0  penalties for Ireland!\rdblquote  shouted Bagman, and the Bulgarian crowd howled with anger. \ldblquote And Volkov and Vulchanov had better get back on those brooms \'85 yes \'85 there they go \'85 and Troy takes the Quaffle \'85\rdblquote\par
Play now reached a level of ferocity beyond anything they had yet seen. The Beaters on both sides were acting without mercy: Volkov and Vulchanov in particular seemed not to care whether their clubs made contact with Bludger or human as they swung them violently through the air. Dimitrov shot straight at Moran, who had the Quaffle, nearly knocking her off her broom.\par
\ldblquote\i Foul\i0 !\rdblquote  roared the Irish supporters as one, all standing up in a great wave of green.\par
\ldblquote Foul!\rdblquote  echoed Ludo Bagman\rquote s magically magnified voice. \ldblquote Dimitrov skins Moran \emdash  deliberately flying to collide there \emdash  and it\rquote s got to be another penalty \emdash  yes, there\rquote s the whistle!\rdblquote\par
The leprechauns had risen into the air again, and this time, they formed a giant hand, which was making a very rude sign indeed at the veela across the field. At this, the veela lost control. Instead of dancing, they launched themselves across the field and began throwing what seemed to be handfuls of fire at the leprechauns. Watching through his Omnioculars, Harry saw that they didn\rquote t look remotely beautiful now. On the contrary, their faces were elongating into sharp, cruel-beaked bird heads, and long, scaly wings were bursting from their shoulders \emdash\par
\ldblquote And \i that,\i0  boys,\rdblquote  yelled Mr. Weasley over the tumult of the crowd below, \ldblquote is why you should never go for looks alone!\rdblquote\par
Ministry wizards were flooding onto the field to separate the veela and the leprechauns, but with little success; meanwhile, the pitched battle below was nothing to the one taking place above. Harry turned this way and that, staring through his Omnioculars, as the Quaffle changed hands with the speed of a bullet.\par
\ldblquote Levski \emdash  Dimitrov \emdash  Moran \emdash  Troy \emdash  Mullet \emdash  Ivanova \emdash  Moran again \emdash  Moran \emdash  MORAN SCORES!\rdblquote\par
But the cheers of the Irish supporters were barely heard over the shrieks of the veela, the blasts now issuing from the Ministry mem\-bers\rquote  wands, and the furious roars of the Bulgarians. The game recommenced immediately; now Levski had the Quaffle, now Dimitrov \emdash\par
The Irish Beater Quigley swung heavily at a passing Bludger, and hit it as hard as possible toward Krum, who did not duck quickly enough. It hit him full in the face.\par
There was a deafening groan from the crowd; Krum\rquote s nose looked broken, there was blood everywhere, but Hassan Mostafa didn\rquote t blow his whistle. He had become distracted, and Harry couldn\rquote t blame him; one of the veela had thrown a handful of fire and set his broom tail alight.\par
Harry wanted someone to realize that Krum was injured; even though he was supporting Ireland, Krum was the most exciting player on the field. Ron obviously felt the same.\par
\ldblquote Time-out! Ah, come on, he can\rquote t play like that, look at him \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Look at Lynch\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\par
For the Irish Seeker had suddenly gone into a dive, and Harry was quite sure that this was no Wronski Feint; this was the real thing. \'85\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s seen the Snitch!\rdblquote  Harry shouted. \ldblquote He\rquote s seen it! Look at him go!\rdblquote\par
Half the crowd seemed to have realized what was happening; the Irish supporters rose in another great wave of green, screaming their Seeker on \'85 but Krum was on his tail. How he could see where he was going, Harry had no idea; there were flecks of blood flying through the air behind him, but he was drawing level with Lynch now as the pair of them hurtled toward the ground again \emdash\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re going to crash!\rdblquote  shrieked Hermione.\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re not!\rdblquote  roared Ron.\par
\ldblquote Lynch is!\rdblquote  yelled Harry.\par
And he was right \emdash  for the second time, Lynch hit the ground with tremendous force and was immediately stampeded by a horde of angry veela.\par
\ldblquote The Snitch, where\rquote s the Snitch?\rdblquote  bellowed Charlie, along the row.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s got it \emdash  Krum\rquote s got it \emdash  it\rquote s all over!\rdblquote  shouted Harry.\par
Krum, his red robes shining with blood from his nose, was ris\-ing gently into the air, his fist held high, a glint of gold in his hand.\par
The scoreboard was flashing BULGARIA: 160, IRELAND: 170 across the crowd, who didn\rquote t seem to have realized what had hap\-pened. Then, slowly, as though a great jumbo jet were revving up, the rumbling from the Ireland supporters grew louder and louder and erupted into screams of delight.\par
\ldblquote IRELAND WINS!\rdblquote  Bagman shouted, who like the Irish, seemed to be taken aback by the sudden end of the match. \ldblquote KRUM GETS THE SNITCH \emdash  BUT IRELAND WINS \emdash  good lord, I don\rquote t think any of us were expecting that!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What did he catch the Snitch for?\rdblquote  Ron bellowed, even as he jumped up and down, applauding with his hands over his head. \ldblquote He ended it when Ireland were a hundred and sixty points ahead, the idiot!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He knew they were never going to catch up!\rdblquote  Harry shouted back over all the noise, also applauding loudly. \ldblquote The Irish Chasers were too good. \'85 He wanted to end it on his terms, that\rquote s all. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He was very brave, wasn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  Hermione said, leaning forward to watch Krum land as a swarm of mediwizards blasted a path through the battling leprechauns and veela to get to him. \ldblquote He looks a terrible mess. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry put his Omnioculars to his eyes again. It was hard to see what was happening below, because leprechauns were zooming de\-lightedly all over the field, but he could just make out Krum, sur\-rounded by mediwizards. He looked surlier than ever and refused to let them mop him up. His team members were around him, shaking their heads and looking dejected; a short way away, the Irish players were dancing gleefully in a shower of gold descending from their mascots. Flags were waving all over the stadium, the Irish national anthem blared from all sides; the veela were shrink\-ing back into their usual, beautiful selves now, though looking dispirited and forlorn.\par
\ldblquote Vell, ve fought bravely,\rdblquote  said a gloomy voice behind Harry. He looked around; it was the Bulgarian Minister of Magic.\par
\ldblquote You can speak English!\rdblquote  said Fudge, sounding outraged. \ldblquote And you\rquote ve been letting me mime everything all day!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Vell, it vos very funny,\rdblquote  said the Bulgarian minister, shrugging.\par
\ldblquote And as the Irish team performs a lap of honor, flanked by their mascots, the Quidditch World Cup itself is brought into the Top Box!\rdblquote  roared Bagman.\par
Harry\rquote s eyes were suddenly dazzled by a blinding white light, as the Top Box was magically illuminated so that everyone in the stands could see the inside. Squinting toward the entrance, he saw two panting wizards carrying a vast golden cup into the box, which they handed to Cornelius Fudge, who was still looking very dis\-gruntled that he\rquote d been using sign language all day for nothing.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s have a really loud hand for the gallant losers \emdash  Bulgaria!\rdblquote  Bagman shouted.\par
And up the stairs into the box came the seven defeated Bulgar\-ian players. The crowd below was applauding appreciatively; Harry could see thousands and thousands of Omniocular lenses flashing and winking in their direction.\par
One by one, the Bulgarians filed between the rows of seats in the box, and Bagman called out the name of each as they shook hands with their own minister and then with Fudge. Krum, who was last in line, looked a real mess. Two black eyes were blooming spectac\-ularly on his bloody face. He was still holding the Snitch. Harry noticed that he seemed much less coordinated on the ground. He was slightly duck-footed and distinctly round-shouldered. But when Krum\rquote s name was announced, the whole stadium gave him a resounding, earsplitting roar.\par
And then came the Irish team. Aidan Lynch was being sup\-ported by Moran and Connolly; the second crash seemed to have dazed him and his eyes looked strangely unfocused. But he grinned happily as Troy and Quigley lifted the Cup into the air and the crowd below thundered its approval. Harry\rquote s hands were numb with clapping.\par
At last, when the Irish team had left the box to perform another lap of honor on their brooms (Aidan Lynch on the back of Con\-nolly\rquote s, clutching hard around his waist and still grinning in a be\-mused sort of way), Bagman pointed his wand at his throat and muttered, \ldblquote\i Quietus.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They\rquote ll be talking about this one for years,\rdblquote  he said hoarsely, \ldblquote a really unexpected twist, that. \'85 shame it couldn\rquote t have lasted longer. \'85 Ah yes. \'85 yes, I owe you \'85 how much?\rdblquote\par
For Fred and George had just scrambled over the backs of their seats and were standing in front of Ludo Bagman with broad grins on their faces, their hands outstretched.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 9\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Dark Mark\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
\ldblquote\i Don\rquote t\i0  tell your mother you\rquote ve been gambling,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley implored Fred and George as they all made their way slowly down the purple-carpeted stairs.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry, Dad,\rdblquote  said Fred gleefully, \ldblquote we\rquote ve got big plans for this money. We don\rquote t want it confiscated.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Weasley looked for a moment as though he was going to ask what these big plans were, but seemed to decide, upon reflection, that he didn\rquote t want to know.\par
They were soon caught up in the crowds now flooding out of the stadium and back to their campsites. Raucous singing was borne toward them on the night air as they retraced their steps along the lantern-lit path, and leprechauns kept shooting over their heads, cackling and waving their lanterns. When they finally reached the tents, nobody felt like sleeping at all, and given the level of noise around them, Mr. Weasley agreed that they could all have one last cup of cocoa together before turning in. They were soon arguing enjoyably about the match; Mr. Weasley got drawn into a disagree\-ment about cobbing with Charlie, and it was only when Ginny fell asleep right at the tiny table and spilled hot chocolate all over the floor that Mr. Weasley called a halt to the verbal replays and in\-sisted that everyone go to bed. Hermione and Ginny went into the next tent, and Harry and the rest of the Weasleys changed into pa\-jamas and clambered into their bunks. From the other side of the campsite they could still hear much singing and the odd echoing bang.\par
\ldblquote Oh I am glad I\rquote m not on duty,\rdblquote  muttered Mr. Weasley sleepily. \ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t fancy having to go and tell the Irish they\rquote ve got to stop celebrating.\rdblquote\par
Harry, who was on a top bunk above Ron, lay staring up at the canvas ceiling of the tent, watching the glow of an occasional lep\-rechaun lantern flying overhead, and picturing again some of Krum\rquote s more spectacular moves. He was itching to get back on his own Firebolt and try out the Wronski Feint. \'85 Somehow Oliver Wood had never managed to convey with all his wriggling dia\-grams what that move was supposed to look like. \'85 Harry saw himself in robes that had his name on the back, and imagined the sensation of hearing a hundred-thousand-strong crowd roar, as Ludo Bagman\rquote s voice echoed throughout the stadium, \ldblquote I give you \'85 \i Potter\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Harry never knew whether or not he had actually dropped off to sleep \emdash  his fantasies of flying like Krum might well have slipped into actual dreams \emdash  all he knew was that, quite suddenly, Mr. Weasley was shouting.\par
\ldblquote Get up! Ron \emdash  Harry \emdash  come on now, get up, this is urgent!\rdblquote\par
Harry sat up quickly and the top of his head hit canvas.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote S\rquote  matter?\rdblquote  he said.\par
Dimly, he could tell that something was wrong. The noises in the campsite had changed. The singing had stopped. He could hear screams, and the sound of people running. He slipped down from the bunk and reached for his clothes, but Mr. Weasley, who had pulled on his jeans over his own pajamas, said, \ldblquote No time, Harry \emdash  just grab a jacket and get outside \emdash  quickly!\rdblquote\par
Harry did as he was told and hurried out of the tent, Ron at his heels.\par
By the light of the few fires that were still burning, he could see people running away into the woods, fleeing something that was moving across the field toward them, something that was emitting odd flashes of light and noises like gunfire. Loud jeering, roars of laughter, and drunken yells were drifting toward them; then came a burst of strong green light, which illuminated the scene.\par
A crowd of wizards, tightly packed and moving together with wands pointing straight upward, was marching slowly across the field. Harry squinted at them. \'85 They didn\rquote t seem to have faces. \'85 Then he realized that their heads were hooded and their faces masked. High above them, floating along in midair, four struggling figures were being contorted into grotesque shapes. It was as though the masked wizards on the ground were puppeteers, and the people above them were marionettes operated by invisible strings that rose from the wands into the air. Two of the figures were very small.\par
More wizards were joining the marching group, laughing and pointing up at the floating bodies. Tents crumpled and fell as the marching crowd swelled. Once or twice Harry saw one of the marchers blast a tent out of his way with his wand. Several caught fire. The screaming grew louder.\par
The floating people were suddenly illuminated as they passed over a burning tent and Harry recognized one of them: Mr. Roberts, the campsite manager. The other three looked as though they might be his wife and children. One of the marchers below flipped Mrs. Roberts upside down with his wand; her nightdress fell down to reveal voluminous drawers and she struggled to cover herself up as the crowd below her screeched and hooted with glee.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s sick,\rdblquote  Ron muttered, watching the smallest Muggle child, who had begun to spin like a top, sixty feet above the ground, his head flopping limply from side to side. \ldblquote That is really sick. \'85\rdblquote\par
Hermione and Ginny came hurrying toward them, pulling coats over their nightdresses, with Mr. Weasley right behind them. At the same moment, Bill, Charlie, and Percy emerged from the boys\rquote  tent, fully dressed, with their sleeves rolled up and their wands out.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re going to help the Ministry!\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley shouted over all the noise, rolling up his own sleeves. \ldblquote You lot \emdash  get into the woods, and \i stick together.\i0  I\rquote ll come and fetch you when we\rquote ve sorted this out!\rdblquote\par
Bill, Charlie, and Percy were already sprinting away toward the oncoming marchers; Mr. Weasley tore after them. Ministry wizards were dashing from every direction toward the source of the trouble. The crowd beneath the Roberts family was coming ever closer.\par
\ldblquote C\rquote mon,\rdblquote  said Fred, grabbing Ginny\rquote s hand and starting to pull her toward the wood. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and George fol\-lowed. They all looked back as they reached the trees. The crowd beneath the Roberts family was larger than ever; they could see the Ministry wizards trying to get through it to the hooded wizards in the center, but they were having great difficulty. It looked as though they were scared to perform any spell that might make the Roberts family fall.\par
The colored lanterns that had lit the path to the stadium had been extinguished. Dark figures were blundering through the trees; children were crying; anxious shouts and panicked voices were re\-verberating around them in the cold night air. Harry felt himself being pushed hither and thither by people whose faces he could not see. Then he heard Ron yell with pain.\par
\ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously, stopping so abruptly that Harry walked into her. \ldblquote Ron, where are you? Oh this is stupid \emdash  \i lumos\i0 !\rdblquote\par
She illuminated her wand and directed its narrow beam across the path. Ron was lying sprawled on the ground.\par
\ldblquote Tripped over a tree root,\rdblquote  he said angrily, getting to his feet again.\par
\ldblquote Well, with feet that size, hard not to,\rdblquote  said a drawling voice from behind them.\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned sharply. Draco Malfoy was standing alone nearby, leaning against a tree, looking utterly re\-laxed. His arms folded, he seemed to have been watching the scene at the campsite through a gap in the trees.\par
Ron told Malfoy to do something that Harry knew he would never have dared say in front of Mrs. Weasley\par
\ldblquote Language, Weasley,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, his pale eyes glittering. \ldblquote Had\-n\rquote t you better be hurrying along, now? You wouldn\rquote t like \i her\i0  spot\-ted, would you?\rdblquote\par
He nodded at Hermione, and at the same moment, a blast like a bomb sounded from the campsite, and a flash of green light mo\-mentarily lit the trees around them.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that supposed to mean?\rdblquote  said Hermione defiantly.\par
\ldblquote Granger, they\rquote re after \i Muggles,\i0\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote D\rquote you want to be showing off your knickers in midair? Because if you do, hang around \'85 they\rquote re moving this way, and it would give us all a laugh.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione\rquote s a witch,\rdblquote  Harry snarled.\par
\ldblquote Have it your own way, Potter,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, grinning mali\-ciously. \ldblquote If you think they can\rquote t spot a Mudblood, stay where you are.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You watch your mouth!\rdblquote  shouted Ron. Everybody present knew that \ldblquote Mudblood\rdblquote  was a very offensive term for a witch or wizard of Muggle parentage.\par
\ldblquote Never mind, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly, seizing Ron\rquote s arm to restrain him as he took a step toward Malfoy.\par
There came a bang from the other side of the trees that was louder than anything they had heard. Several people nearby screamed. Malfoy chuckled softly.\par
\ldblquote Scare easily, don\rquote t they?\rdblquote  he said lazily. \ldblquote I suppose your daddy told you all to hide? What\rquote s he up to \emdash  trying to rescue the Muggles?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Where\rquote re \i your\i0  parents?\rdblquote  said Harry, his temper rising. \ldblquote Out there wearing masks, are they?\rdblquote\par
Malfoy turned his face to Harry, still smiling.\par
\ldblquote Well \'85 if they were, I wouldn\rquote t be likely to tell you, would I, Potter?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh come on,\rdblquote  said Hermione, with a disgusted look at Malfoy, \ldblquote let\rquote s go and find the others.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Keep that big bushy head down, Granger,\rdblquote  sneered Malfoy.\par
\ldblquote Come \i on,\i0\rdblquote  Hermione repeated, and she pulled Harry and Ron up the path again.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll bet you anything his dad \i is\i0  one of that masked lot!\rdblquote  said Ron hotly.\par
\ldblquote Well, with any luck, the Ministry will catch him!\rdblquote  said Her\-mione fervently. \ldblquote Oh I can\rquote t believe this. Where have the others got to?\rdblquote\par
Fred, George, and Ginny were nowhere to be seen, though the path was packed with plenty of other people, all looking nervously over their shoulders toward the commotion back at the campsite. A huddle of teenagers in pajamas was arguing vociferously a little way along the path. When they saw Harry, Ron, and Hermione, a girl with thick curly hair turned and said quickly, \ldblquote\i O\'f9 est Madame Maxime? Nous l\rquote avons perdue\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  what?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Oh \'85\rdblquote  The girl who had spoken turned her back on him, and as they walked on they distinctly heard her say, \ldblquote  \rquote Ogwarts.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Beauxbatons,\rdblquote  muttered Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Sorry?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote They must go to Beauxbatons,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote You know \'85 Beauxbatons Academy of Magic \'85 I read about it in \i An Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh \'85 yeah \'85 right,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Fred and George can\rquote t have gone that far,\rdblquote  said Ron, pulling out his wand, lighting it like Hermione\rquote s, and squinting up the path. Harry dug in the pockets of his jacket for his own wand \emdash  but it wasn\rquote t there. The only thing he could find was his Omnioculars.\par
\ldblquote Ah, no, I don\rquote t believe it \'85 I\rquote ve lost my wand!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re kidding!\rdblquote\par
Ron and Hermione raised their wands high enough to spread the narrow beams of light farther on the ground; Harry looked all around him, but his wand was nowhere to be seen.\par
\ldblquote Maybe it\rquote s back in the tent,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Maybe it fell out of your pocket when we were running?\rdblquote  Hermione suggested anxiously.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote maybe \'85\rdblquote\par
He usually kept his wand with him at all times in the wizarding world, and finding himself without it in the midst of a scene like this made him feel very vulnerable.\par
A rustling noise nearby made all three of them jump. Winky the house-elf was fighting her way out of a clump of bushes nearby. She was moving in a most peculiar fashion, apparently with great diffi\-culty; it was as though someone invisible were trying to hold her back.\par
\ldblquote There is bad wizards about!\rdblquote  she squeaked distractedly as she leaned forward and labored to keep running. \ldblquote People high \emdash  high in the air! Winky is getting out of the way!\rdblquote\par
And she disappeared into the trees on the other side of the path, panting and squeaking as she fought the force that was restraining her.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s up with her?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking curiously after Winky. \ldblquote Why can\rquote t she run properly?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Bet she didn\rquote t ask permission to hide,\rdblquote  said Harry. He was thinking of Dobby: Every time he had tried to do something the Malfoys wouldn\rquote t like, the house-elf had been forced to start beat\-ing himself up.\par
\ldblquote You know, house-elves get a \i very\i0  raw deal!\rdblquote  said Hermione in\-dignantly. \ldblquote It\rquote s slavery, that\rquote s what it is! That Mr. Crouch made her go up to the top of the stadium, and she was terrified, and he\rquote s got her bewitched so she can\rquote t even run when they start trampling tents! Why doesn\rquote t anyone \i do\i0  something about it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, the elves are happy, aren\rquote t they?\rdblquote  Ron said. \ldblquote You heard old Winky back at the match \'85 \lquote House-elves is not supposed to have fun\rquote  \'85 that\rquote s what she likes, being bossed around. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s people like \i you,\i0  Ron,\rdblquote  Hermione began hotly, \ldblquote who prop up rotten and unjust systems, just because they\rquote re too lazy to \emdash\rdblquote\par
Another loud bang echoed from the edge of the wood.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s just keep moving, shall we?\rdblquote  said Ron, and Harry saw him glance edgily at Hermione. Perhaps there was truth in what Malfoy had said; perhaps Hermione \i was\i0  in more danger than they were. They set off again, Harry still searching his pockets, even though he knew his wand wasn\rquote t there.\par
They followed the dark path deeper into the wood, still keeping an eye out for Fred, George, and Ginny. They passed a group of goblins who were cackling over a sack of gold that they had un\-doubtedly won betting on the match, and who seemed quite unperturbed by the trouble at the campsite. Farther still along the path, they walked into a patch of silvery light, and when they looked through the trees, they saw three tall and beautiful veela standing in a clearing, surrounded by a gaggle of young wizards, all of whom were talking very loudly.\par
\ldblquote I pull down about a hundred sacks of Galleons a year!\rdblquote  one of them shouted. \ldblquote I\rquote m a dragon killer for the Committee for the Dis\-posal of Dangerous Creatures.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, you\rquote re not!\rdblquote  yelled his friend. \ldblquote You\rquote re a dishwasher at the Leaky Cauldron. \'85 but I\rquote m a vampire hunter, I\rquote ve killed about ninety so far \emdash\rdblquote\par
A third young wizard, whose pimples were visible even by the dim, silvery light of the veela, now cut in, \ldblquote I\rquote m about to become the youngest ever Minister of Magic, I am.\rdblquote\par
Harry snorted with laughter. He recognized the pimply wizard: His name was Stan Shunpike, and he was in fact a conductor on the triple-decker Knight Bus. He turned to tell Ron this, but Ron\rquote s face had gone oddly slack, and next second Ron was yelling, \ldblquote Did I tell you I\rquote ve invented a broomstick that\rquote ll reach Jupiter?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Honestly\i0 !\rdblquote  said Hermione, and she and Harry grabbed Ron firmly by the arms, wheeled him around, and marched him away. By the time the sounds of the veela and their admirers had faded completely, they were in the very heart of the wood. They seemed to be alone now; everything was much quieter.\par
Harry looked around. \ldblquote I reckon we can just wait here, you know. We\rquote ll hear anyone coming a mile off.\rdblquote\par
The words were hardly out of his mouth, when Ludo Bagman emerged from behind a tree right ahead of them.\par
Even by the feeble light of the two wands, Harry could see that a great change had come over Bagman. He no longer looked buoy\-ant and rosy-faced; there was no more spring in his step. He looked very white and strained.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s that?\rdblquote  he said, blinking down at them, trying to make out their faces. \ldblquote What are you doing in here, all alone?\rdblquote\par
They looked at one another, surprised.\par
\ldblquote Well \emdash  there\rquote s a sort of riot going on,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
Bagman stared at him.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote At the campsite \'85 some people have got hold of a family of Muggles. \'85\rdblquote\par
Bagman swore loudly.\par
\ldblquote Damn them!\rdblquote  he said, looking quite distracted, and without another word, he Disapparated with a small \i pop\i0 !\par
\ldblquote Not exactly on top of things, Mr. Bagman, is he?\rdblquote  said Hermione, frowning.\par
\ldblquote He was a great Beater, though,\rdblquote  said Ron, leading the way off the path into a small clearing, and sitting down on a patch of dry grass at the foot of a tree. \ldblquote The Wimbourne Wasps won the league three times in a row while he was with them.\rdblquote\par
He took his small figure of Krum out of his pocket, set it down on the ground, and watched it walk around. Like the real Krum, the model was slightly duck-footed and round-shouldered, much less impressive on his splayed feet than on his broomstick. Harry was listening for noise from the campsite. Everything seemed much quieter; perhaps the riot was over.\par
\ldblquote I hope the others are okay,\rdblquote  said Hermione after a while.\par
\ldblquote They\rquote ll be fine,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Imagine if your dad catches Lucius Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Harry, sitting down next to Ron and watching the small figure of Krum slouch\-ing over the fallen leaves. \ldblquote He\rquote s always said he\rquote d like to get some\-thing on him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote d wipe the smirk off old Draco\rquote s face, all right,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Those poor Muggles, though,\rdblquote  said Hermione nervously. \ldblquote What if they can\rquote t get them down?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They will,\rdblquote  said Ron reassuringly. \ldblquote They\rquote ll find a way.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mad, though, to do something like that when the whole Min\-istry of Magic\rquote s out here tonight!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I mean, how do they expect to get away with it? Do you think they\rquote ve been drink\-ing, or are they just \emdash\rdblquote\par
But she broke off abruptly and looked over her shoulder. Harry and Ron looked quickly around too. It sounded as though some\-one was staggering toward their clearing. They waited, listening to the sounds of the uneven steps behind the dark trees. But the foot\-steps came to a sudden halt.\par
\ldblquote Hello?\rdblquote  called Harry.\par
There was silence. Harry got to his feet and peered around the tree. It was too dark to see very far, but he could sense somebody standing just beyond the range of his vision.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s there?\rdblquote  he said.\par
And then, without warning, the silence was rent by a voice un\-like any they had heard in the wood; and it uttered, not a panicked shout, but what sounded like a spell.\par
\ldblquote\i MORSMORDRE\i0 !\rdblquote\par
And something vast, green, and glittering erupted from the patch of darkness Harry\rquote s eyes had been struggling to penetrate; it flew up over the treetops and into the sky.\par
\ldblquote What the \emdash  ?\rdblquote  gasped Ron as he sprang to his feet again, star\-ing up at the thing that had appeared.\par
For a split second, Harry thought it was another leprechaun for\-mation. Then he realized that it was a colossal skull, comprised of what looked like emerald stars, with a serpent protruding from its mouth like a tongue. As they watched, it rose higher and higher, blazing in a haze of greenish smoke, etched against the black sky like a new constellation.\par
Suddenly, the wood all around them erupted with screams. Harry didn\rquote t understand why, but the only possible cause was the sudden appearance of the skull, which had now risen high enough to illuminate the entire wood like some grisly neon sign. He scanned the darkness for the person who had conjured the skull, but he couldn\rquote t see anyone.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s there?\rdblquote  he called again.\par
\ldblquote Harry, come on, \i move\i0 !\rdblquote  Hermione had seized the collar of his jacket and was tugging him backward.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote  Harry said, startled to see her face so white and terrified.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s the Dark Mark, Harry!\rdblquote  Hermione moaned, pulling him as hard as she could. \ldblquote You-Know-Who\rquote s sign!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Voldemort\rquote s\i0  \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry, come \i on\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Harry turned \emdash  Ron was hurriedly scooping up his miniature Krum \emdash  the three of them started across the clearing \emdash  but be\-fore they had taken a few hurried steps, a series of popping noises announced the arrival of twenty wizards, appearing from thin air, surrounding them.\par
Harry whirled around, and in an instant, he registered one fact: Each of these wizards had his wand out, and every wand was point\-ing right at himself, Ron, and Hermione.\par
Without pausing to think, he yelled, \ldblquote DUCK!\rdblquote\par
He seized the other two and pulled them down onto the ground.\par
\ldblquote\i STUPEFY\i0 !\rdblquote  roared twenty voices \emdash  there was a blinding series of flashes and Harry felt the hair on his head ripple as though a powerful wind had swept the clearing. Raising his head a fraction of an inch he saw jets of fiery red light flying over them from the wizards\rquote  wands, crossing one another, bouncing off tree trunks, re\-bounding into the darkness \emdash\par
\ldblquote Stop!\rdblquote  yelled a voice he recognized. \ldblquote STOP! \i That\rquote s my son\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s hair stopped blowing about. He raised his head a little higher. The wizard in front of him had lowered his wand. He rolled over and saw Mr. Weasley striding toward them, looking terrified.\par
\ldblquote Ron \emdash  Harry\rdblquote  \emdash  his voice sounded shaky \emdash  \ldblquote Hermione \emdash  are you all right?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Out of the way, Arthur,\rdblquote  said a cold, curt voice.\par
It was Mr. Crouch. He and the other Ministry wizards were clos\-ing in on them. Harry got to his feet to face them. Mr. Crouch\rquote s face was taut with rage.\par
\ldblquote Which of you did it?\rdblquote  he snapped, his sharp eyes darting be\-tween them. \ldblquote Which of you conjured the Dark Mark?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We didn\rquote t do that!\rdblquote  said Harry, gesturing up at the skull.\par
\ldblquote We didn\rquote t do anything!\rdblquote  said Ron, who was rubbing his elbow and looking indignantly at his father. \ldblquote What did you want to at\-tack us for?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do not lie, sir!\rdblquote  shouted Mr. Crouch. His wand was still point\-ing directly at Ron, and his eyes were popping \emdash  he looked slightly mad. \ldblquote You have been discovered at the scene of the crime!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Barty,\rdblquote  whispered a witch in a long woolen dressing gown, \ldblquote they\rquote re kids, Barty, they\rquote d never have been able to \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Where did the Mark come from, you three?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley quickly.\par
\ldblquote Over there,\rdblquote  said Hermione shakily, pointing at the place where they had heard the voice. \ldblquote There was someone behind the trees \'85 they shouted words \emdash  an incantation \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, stood over there, did they?\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch, turning his popping eyes on Hermione now, disbelief etched all over his face. \ldblquote Said an incantation, did they? You seem very well informed about how that Mark is summoned, missy \emdash\rdblquote\par
But none of the Ministry wizards apart from Mr. Crouch seemed to think it remotely likely that Harry, Ron, or Hermione had conjured the skull; on the contrary, at Hermione\rquote s words, they had all raised their wands again and were pointing in the direction she had indicated, squinting through the dark trees.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re too late,\rdblquote  said the witch in the woolen dressing gown, shaking her head. \ldblquote They\rquote ll have Disapparated.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so,\rdblquote  said a wizard with a scrubby brown beard. It was Amos Diggory, Cedric\rquote s father. \ldblquote Our Stunners went right through those trees. \'85 There\rquote s a good chance we got them. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Amos, be careful!\rdblquote  said a few of the wizards warningly as Mr. Diggory squared his shoulders, raised his wand, marched across the clearing, and disappeared into the darkness. Hermione watched him vanish with her hands over her mouth.\par
A few seconds later, they heard Mr. Diggory shout.\par
\ldblquote Yes! We got them! There\rquote s someone here! Unconscious! It\rquote s \emdash  but \emdash  blimey \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve got someone?\rdblquote  shouted Mr. Crouch, sounding highly disbelieving. \ldblquote Who? Who is it?\rdblquote\par
They heard snapping twigs, the rustling of leaves, and then crunching footsteps as Mr. Diggory reemerged from behind the trees. He was carrying a tiny, limp figure in his arms. Harry recog\-nized the tea towel at once. It was Winky.\par
Mr. Crouch did not move or speak as Mr. Diggory deposited his elf on the ground at his feet. The other Ministry wizards were all staring at Mr. Crouch. For a few seconds Crouch remained trans\-fixed, his eyes blazing in his white face as he stared down at Winky. Then he appeared to come to life again.\par
\ldblquote This \emdash  cannot \emdash  be,\rdblquote  he said jerkily. \ldblquote No \emdash\rdblquote\par
He moved quickly around Mr. Diggory and strode off toward the place where he had found Winky.\par
\ldblquote No point, Mr. Crouch,\rdblquote  Mr. Diggory called after him. \ldblquote There\rquote s no one else there.\rdblquote\par
But Mr. Crouch did not seem prepared to take his word for it. They could hear him moving around and the rustling of leaves as he pushed the bushes aside, searching.\par
\ldblquote Bit embarrassing,\rdblquote  Mr. Diggory said grimly, looking down at Winky\rquote s unconscious form. \ldblquote Barty Crouch\rquote s house-elf \'85 I mean to say \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come off it, Amos,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley quietly, \ldblquote you don\rquote t seriously think it was the elf? The Dark Mark\rquote s a wizard\rquote s sign. It requires a wand.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory, \ldblquote and she \i had\i0  a wand.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote Here, look.\rdblquote  Mr. Diggory held up a wand and showed it to Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Had it in her hand. So that\rquote s clause three of the Code of Wand Use broken, for a start. \i No non-human creature is permitted to carry or use a wand.\i0\rdblquote\par
Just then there was another \i pop,\i0  and Ludo Bagman Apparated right next to Mr. Weasley. Looking breathless and disorientated, he spun on the spot, goggling upward at the emerald-green skull.\par
\ldblquote The Dark Mark!\rdblquote  he panted, almost trampling Winky as he turned inquiringly to his colleagues. \ldblquote Who did it? Did you get them? Barty! What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\par
Mr. Crouch had returned empty-handed. His face was still ghostly white, and his hands and his toothbrush mustache were both twitching.\par
\ldblquote Where have you been, Barty?\rdblquote  said Bagman. \ldblquote Why weren\rquote t you at the match? Your elf was saving you a seat too \emdash  gulping gar\-goyles!\rdblquote  Bagman had just noticed Winky lying at his feet. \ldblquote What happened to \i her\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I have been busy, Ludo,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch, still talking in the same jerky fashion, barely moving his lips. \ldblquote And my elf has been stunned.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Stunned? By you lot, you mean? But why \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
Comprehension dawned suddenly on Bagman\rquote s round, shiny face; he looked up at the skull, down at Winky, and then at Mr. Crouch.\par
\ldblquote\i No\i0 !\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Winky? Conjure the Dark Mark? She wouldn\rquote t know how! She\rquote d need a wand, for a start!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And she had one,\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory. \ldblquote I found her holding one, Ludo. If it\rquote s all right with you, Mr. Crouch, I think we should hear what she\rquote s got to say for herself.\rdblquote\par
Crouch gave no sign that he had heard Mr. Diggory, but Mr. Diggory seemed to take his silence for assent. He raised his own wand, pointed it at Winky, and said, \ldblquote\i Rennervate\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Winky stirred feebly. Her great brown eyes opened and she blinked several times in a bemused sort of way. Watched by the silent wizards, she raised herself shakily into a sitting position. She caught sight of Mr. Diggory\rquote s feet, and slowly, tremulously, raised her eyes to stare up into his face; then, more slowly still, she looked up into the sky. Harry could see the floating skull reflected twice in her enormous, glassy eyes. She gave a gasp, looked wildly around the crowded clearing, and burst into terrified sobs.\par
\ldblquote Elf!\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory sternly. \ldblquote Do you know who I am? I\rquote m a member of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures!\rdblquote\par
Winky began to rock backward and forward on the ground, her breath coming in sharp bursts. Harry was reminded forcibly of Dobby in his moments of terrified disobedience.\par
\ldblquote As you see, elf, the Dark Mark was conjured here a short while ago,\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory. \ldblquote And you were discovered moments later, right beneath it! An explanation, if you please!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  I \emdash  I is not doing it, sir!\rdblquote  Winky gasped. \ldblquote I is not know\-ing how, sir!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You were found with a wand in your hand!\rdblquote  barked Mr. Dig\-gory, brandishing it in front of her. And as the wand caught the green light that was filling the clearing from the skull above, Harry recognized it.\par
\ldblquote Hey \emdash  that\rquote s mine!\rdblquote  he said.\par
Everyone in the clearing looked at him.\par
\ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory, incredulously.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s my wand!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I dropped it!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You dropped it?\rdblquote  repeated Mr. Diggory in disbelief. \ldblquote Is this a confession? You threw it aside after you conjured the Mark?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Amos, think who you\rquote re talking to!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, very an\-grily. \ldblquote Is \i Harry Potter\i0  likely to conjure the Dark Mark?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  of course not,\rdblquote  mumbled Mr. Diggory. \ldblquote Sorry \'85 car\-ried away \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t drop it there, anyway,\rdblquote  said Harry, jerking his thumb toward the trees beneath the skull. \ldblquote I missed it right after we got into the wood.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory, his eyes hardening as he turned to look at Winky again, cowering at his feet. \ldblquote You found this wand, eh, elf? And you picked it up and thought you\rquote d have some fun with it, did you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I is not doing magic with it, sir!\rdblquote  squealed Winky, tears stream\-ing down the sides of her squashed and bulbous nose. \ldblquote I is \'85 I is \'85 I is just picking it up, sir! I is not making the Dark Mark, sir, I is not knowing how!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It wasn\rquote t her!\rdblquote  said Hermione. She looked very nervous, speak\-ing up in front of all these Ministry wizards, yet determined all the same. \ldblquote Winky\rquote s got a squeaky little voice, and the voice we heard doing the incantation was much deeper!\rdblquote  She looked around at Harry and Ron, appealing for their support. \ldblquote It didn\rquote t sound any\-thing like Winky, did it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking his head. \ldblquote It definitely didn\rquote t sound like an elf.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, it was a human voice,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Well, we\rquote ll soon see,\rdblquote  growled Mr. Diggory, looking unim\-pressed. \ldblquote There\rquote s a simple way of discovering the last spell a wand performed, elf, did you know that?\rdblquote\par
Winky trembled and shook her head frantically, her ears flap\-ping, as Mr. Diggory raised his own wand again and placed it tip to tip with Harry\rquote s.\par
\ldblquote\i Prior Incantato\i0 !\rdblquote  roared Mr. Diggory.\par
Harry heard Hermione gasp, horrified, as a gigantic serpent-tongued skull erupted from the point where the two wands met, but it was a mere shadow of the green skull high above them; it looked as though it were made of thick gray smoke: the ghost of a spell.\par
\ldblquote\i Deletrius\i0 !\rdblquote  Mr. Diggory shouted, and the smoky skull vanished in a wisp of smoke.\par
\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory with a kind of savage triumph, looking down upon Winky, who was still shaking convulsively.\par
\ldblquote I is not doing it!\rdblquote  she squealed, her eyes rolling in terror. \ldblquote I is not, I is not, I is not knowing how! I is a good elf, I isn\rquote t using wands, I isn\rquote t knowing how!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i You\rquote ve been caught red-handed, elf\i0 !\rdblquote  Mr. Diggory roared. \ldblquote\i Caught with the guilty wand in your hand\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Amos,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley loudly, \ldblquote think about it \'85 precious few wizards know how to do that spell. \'85 Where would she have learned it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Perhaps Amos is suggesting,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch, cold anger in every syllable, \ldblquote that I routinely teach my servants to conjure the Dark Mark?\rdblquote\par
There was a deeply unpleasant silence. Amos Diggory looked horrified. \ldblquote Mr. Crouch \'85 not \'85 not at all \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You have now come very close to accusing the two people in this clearing who are \i least\i0  likely to conjure that Mark!\rdblquote  barked Mr. Crouch. \ldblquote Harry Potter \emdash  and myself! I suppose you are familiar with the boy\rquote s story, Amos?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course \emdash  everyone knows \emdash\rdblquote  muttered Mr. Diggory, look\-ing highly discomforted.\par
\ldblquote And I trust you remember the many proofs I have given, over a long career, that I despise and detest the Dark Arts and those who practice them?\rdblquote  Mr. Crouch shouted, his eyes bulging again.\par
\ldblquote Mr. Crouch, I \emdash  I never suggested you had anything to do with it!\rdblquote  Amos Diggory muttered again, now reddening behind his scrubby brown beard.\par
\ldblquote If you accuse my elf, you accuse me, Diggory!\rdblquote  shouted Mr. Crouch. \ldblquote Where else would she have learned to conjure it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She \emdash  she might\rquote ve picked it up anywhere \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Precisely, Amos,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote\i She might have picked it up anywhere. \'85\i0  Winky?\rdblquote  he said kindly, turning to the elf, but she flinched as though he too was shouting at her. \ldblquote Where exactly did you find Harry\rquote s wand?\rdblquote\par
Winky was twisting the hem of her tea towel so violently that it was fraying beneath her fingers.\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  I is finding it \'85 finding it there, sir. \'85\rdblquote  she whispered, \ldblquote there \'85 in the trees, sir. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You see, Amos?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Whoever conjured the Mark could have Disapparated right after they\rquote d done it, leaving Harry\rquote s wand behind. A clever thing to do, not using their own wand, which could have betrayed them. And Winky here had the misfortune to come across the wand moments later and pick it up.\par
\ldblquote But then, she\rquote d have been only a few feet away from the real culprit!\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory impatiently. \ldblquote Elf? Did you see anyone?\rdblquote\par
Winky began to tremble worse than ever. Her giant eyes flick\-ered from Mr. Diggory, to Ludo Bagman, and onto Mr. Crouch. Then she gulped and said, \ldblquote I is seeing no one, sir \'85 no one \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Amos,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch curtly, \ldblquote I am fully aware that, in the ordinary course of events, you would want to take Winky into your department for questioning. I ask you, however, to allow me to deal with her.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Diggory looked as though he didn\rquote t think much of this sug\-gestion at all, but it was clear to Harry that Mr. Crouch was such an important member of the Ministry that he did not dare refuse him.\par
\ldblquote You may rest assured that she will be punished,\rdblquote  Mr. Crouch added coldly.\par
\ldblquote M-m-master \'85\rdblquote  Winky stammered, looking up at Mr. Crouch, her eyes brimming with tears. \ldblquote M-m-master, p-p-please \'85\rdblquote\par
Mr. Crouch stared back, his face somehow sharpened, each line upon it more deeply etched. There was no pity in his gaze.\par
\ldblquote Winky has behaved tonight in a manner I would not have be\-lieved possible,\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote I told her to remain in the tent. I told her to stay there while I went to sort out the trouble. And I find that she disobeyed me. \i This means clothes.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  shrieked Winky, prostrating herself at Mr. Crouch\rquote s feet. \ldblquote No, master! Not clothes, not clothes!\rdblquote\par
Harry knew that the only way to turn a house-elf free was to pre\-sent it with proper garments. It was pitiful to see the way Winky clutched at her tea towel as she sobbed over Mr. Crouch\rquote s feet.\par
\ldblquote But she was frightened!\rdblquote  Hermione burst out angrily, glaring at Mr. Crouch. \ldblquote Your elf\rquote s scared of heights, and those wizards in masks were levitating people! You can\rquote t blame her for wanting to get out of their way!\rdblquote\par
Mr. Crouch took a step backward, freeing himself from contact with the elf, whom he was surveying as though she were something filthy and rotten that was contaminating his over-shined shoes.\par
\ldblquote I have no use for a house-elf who disobeys me,\rdblquote  he said coldly, looking over at Hermione. \ldblquote I have no use for a servant who forgets what is due to her master, and to her master\rquote s reputation.\rdblquote\par
Winky was crying so hard that her sobs echoed around the clear\-ing. There was a very nasty silence, which was ended by Mr. Weasley, who said quietly, \ldblquote Well, I think I\rquote ll take my lot back to the tent, if nobody\rquote s got any objections. Amos, that wand\rquote s told us all it can \emdash  if Harry could have it back, please \emdash\rdblquote\par
Mr. Diggory handed Harry his wand and Harry pocketed it.\par
\ldblquote Come on, you three,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley said quietly. But Hermione didn\rquote t seem to want to move; her eyes were still upon the sobbing elf. \ldblquote Hermione!\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley said, more urgently. She turned and followed Harry and Ron out of the clearing and off through the trees.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s going to happen to Winky?\rdblquote  said Hermione, the mo\-ment they had left the clearing.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote The way they were treating her!\rdblquote  said Hermione furiously. \ldblquote Mr. Diggory, calling her \lquote elf\rquote  all the time \'85 and Mr. Crouch! He knows she didn\rquote t do it and he\rquote s still going to sack her! He didn\rquote t care how frightened she\rquote d been, or how upset she was \emdash  it was like she wasn\rquote t even human!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, she\rquote s not,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
Hermione rounded on him.\par
\ldblquote That doesn\rquote t mean she hasn\rquote t got feelings, Ron. It\rquote s disgusting the way \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione, I agree with you,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley quickly, beck\-oning her on, \ldblquote but now is not the time to discuss elf rights. I want to get back to the tent as fast as we can. What happened to the others?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We lost them in the dark,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Dad, why was everyone so uptight about that skull thing?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll explain everything back at the tent,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley tensely.\par
But when they reached the edge of the wood, their progress was impeded. A large crowd of frightened-looking witches and wizards was congregated there, and when they saw Mr. Weasley coming to\-ward them, many of them surged forward.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s going on in there?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who conjured it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Arthur \emdash  it\rquote s not \emdash  \i Him\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course it\rquote s not Him,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley impatiently. \ldblquote We don\rquote t know who it was; it looks like they Disapparated. Now excuse me, please, I want to get to bed.\rdblquote\par
He led Harry, Ron, and Hermione through the crowd and back into the campsite. All was quiet now; there was no sign of the masked wizards, though several ruined tents were still smoking.\par
Charlie\rquote s head was poking out of the boys\rquote  tent.\par
\ldblquote Dad, what\rquote s going on?\rdblquote  he called through the dark. \ldblquote Fred, George, and Ginny got back okay, but the others \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve got them here,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, bending down and en\-tering the tent. Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered after him.\par
Bill was sitting at the small kitchen table, holding a bedsheet to his arm, which was bleeding profusely. Charlie had a large rip in his shirt, and Percy was sporting a bloody nose. Fred, George, and Ginny looked unhurt, though shaken.\par
\ldblquote Did you get them, Dad?\rdblquote  said Bill sharply. \ldblquote The person who conjured the Mark?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote We found Barty Crouch\rquote s elf holding Harry\rquote s wand, but we\rquote re none the wiser about who actually con\-jured the Mark.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Bill, Charlie, and Percy together.\par
\ldblquote Harry\rquote s wand?\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
\ldblquote\i Mr. Crouch\rquote s elf\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Percy, sounding thunderstruck.\par
With some assistance from Harry, Ron, and Hermione, Mr. Weasley explained what had happened in the woods. When they had finished their story, Percy swelled indignantly.\par
\ldblquote Well, Mr. Crouch is quite right to get rid of an elf like that!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Running away when he\rquote d expressly told her not to \'85 em\-barrassing him in front of the whole Ministry \'85 how would that have looked, if she\rquote d been brought up in front of the Department for the Regulation and Control \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She didn\rquote t do anything \emdash  she was just in the wrong place at the wrong time!\rdblquote  Hermione snapped at Percy, who looked very taken aback. Hermione had always got on fairly well with Percy \emdash  better, indeed, than any of the others.\par
\ldblquote Hermione, a wizard in Mr. Crouch\rquote s position can\rquote t afford a house-elf who\rquote s going to run amok with a wand!\rdblquote  said Percy pompously, recovering himself.\par
\ldblquote She didn\rquote t run amok!\rdblquote  shouted Hermione. \ldblquote She just picked it up off the ground!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Look, can someone just explain what that skull thing was?\rdblquote  said Ron impatiently. \ldblquote It wasn\rquote t hurting anyone. \'85 Why\rquote s it such a big deal?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I told you, it\rquote s You-Know-Who\rquote s symbol, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione, before anyone else could answer. \ldblquote I read about it in \i The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And it hasn\rquote t been seen for thirteen years,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley quietly. \ldblquote Of course people panicked \'85 it was almost like seeing You-Know-Who back again.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t get it,\rdblquote  said Ron, frowning. \ldblquote I mean \'85 it\rquote s still only a shape in the sky. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ron, You-Know-Who and his followers sent the Dark Mark into the air whenever they killed,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote The terror it inspired \'85 you have no idea, you\rquote re too young. Just picture com\-ing home and finding the Dark Mark hovering over your house, and knowing what you\rquote re about to find inside. \'85\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley winced. \ldblquote Everyone\rquote s worst fear \'85 the very worst \'85\rdblquote\par
There was silence for a moment. Then Bill, removing the sheet from his arm to check on his cut, said, \ldblquote Well, it didn\rquote t help us tonight, whoever conjured it. It scared the Death Eaters away the moment they saw it. They all Disapparated before we\rquote d got near enough to unmask any of them. We caught the Robertses before they hit the ground, though. They\rquote re having their memories modi\-fied right now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Death Eaters?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote What are Death Eaters?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s what You-Know-Who\rquote s supporters called themselves,\rdblquote  said Bill. \ldblquote I think we saw what\rquote s left of them tonight \emdash  the ones who managed to keep themselves out of Azkaban, anyway.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We can\rquote t prove it was them, Bill,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Though it probably was,\rdblquote  he added hopelessly.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I bet it was!\rdblquote  said Ron suddenly. \ldblquote Dad, we met Draco Malfoy in the woods, and he as good as told us his dad was one of those nutters in masks! And we all know the Malfoys were right in with You-Know-Who!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But what were Voldemort\rquote s supporters \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began. Everybody flinched \emdash  like most of the wizarding world, the Weasleys always avoided saying Voldemort\rquote s name. \ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote What were You-Know-Who\rquote s supporters up to, levitating Muggles? I mean, what was the point?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The point?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley with a hollow laugh. \ldblquote Harry, that\rquote s their idea of fun. Half the Muggle killings back when You-Know-Who was in power were done for fun. I suppose they had a few drinks tonight and couldn\rquote t resist reminding us all that lots of them are still at large. A nice little reunion for them,\rdblquote  he finished disgustedly.\par
\ldblquote But if they \i were\i0  the Death Eaters, why did they Disapparate when they saw the Dark Mark?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote They\rquote d have been pleased to see it, wouldn\rquote t they?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Use your brains, Ron,\rdblquote  said Bill. \ldblquote If they really were Death Eaters, they worked very hard to keep out of Azkaban when You-Know-Who lost power, and told all sorts of lies about him forcing them to kill and torture people. I bet they\rquote d be even more fright\-ened than the rest of us to see him come back. They denied they\rquote d ever been involved with him when he lost his powers, and went back to their daily lives. \'85 I don\rquote t reckon he\rquote d be over-pleased with them, do you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So \'85 whoever conjured the Dark Mark \'85\rdblquote  said Hermione slowly, \ldblquote were they doing it to show support for the Death Eaters, or to scare them away?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Your guess is as good as ours, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote But I\rquote ll tell you this \'85 it was only the Death Eaters who ever knew how to conjure it. I\rquote d be very surprised if the person who did it hadn\rquote t been a Death Eater once, even if they\rquote re not now. \'85 Listen, it\rquote s very late, and if your mother hears what\rquote s happened she\rquote ll be worried sick. We\rquote ll get a few more hours sleep and then try and get an early Portkey out of here.\rdblquote\par
Harry got back into his bunk with his head buzzing. He knew he ought to feel exhausted: It was nearly three in the morning, but he felt wide-awake \emdash  wide-awake, and worried.\par
Three days ago \emdash  it felt like much longer, but it had only been three days \emdash  he had awoken with his scar burning. And tonight, for the first time in thirteen years, Lord Voldemort\rquote s mark had ap\-peared in the sky. What did these things mean?\par
He thought of the letter he had written to Sirius before leaving Privet Drive. Would Sirius have gotten it yet? When would he reply? Harry lay looking up at the canvas, but no flying fantasies came to him now to ease him to sleep, and it was a long time after Charlie\rquote s snores filled the tent that Harry finally dozed off.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 10\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Mayhem at the Ministry\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Mr. Weasley woke them after only a few hours sleep. He used magic to pack up the tents, and they left the campsite as quickly as possible, passing Mr. Roberts at the door of his cottage. Mr. Roberts had a strange, dazed look about him, and he waved them off with a vague \ldblquote Merry Christmas.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote ll be all right,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley quietly as they marched off onto the moor. \ldblquote Sometimes, when a person\rquote s memory\rquote s modified, it makes him a bit disorientated for a while \'85 and that was a big thing they had to make him forget.\rdblquote\par
They heard urgent voices as they approached the spot where the Portkeys lay, and when they reached it, they found a great number of witches and wizards gathered around Basil, the keeper of the Portkeys, all clamoring to get away from the campsite as quickly as possible. Mr. Weasley had a hurried discussion with Basil; they joined the queue, and were able to take an old rubber tire back to Stoatshead Hill before the sun had really risen. They walked back through Ottery St. Catchpole and up the damp lane toward the Burrow in the dawn light, talking very little because they were so exhausted, and thinking longingly of their breakfast. As they rounded the corner and the Burrow came into view, a cry echoed along the lane.\par
\ldblquote Oh thank goodness, thank goodness!\rdblquote\par
Mrs. Weasley, who had evidently been waiting for them in the front yard, came running toward them, still wearing her bedroom slippers, her face pale and strained, a rolled-up copy of the \i Daily Prophet\i0  clutched in her hand.\par
\ldblquote Arthur \emdash  I\rquote ve been so worried \emdash  \i so worried\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
She flung her arms around Mr. Weasley\rquote s neck, and the \i Daily Prophet\i0  fell out of her limp hand onto the ground. Looking down, Harry saw the headline: \i SCENES OF TERROR AT THE QUID\-DITCH WORLD CUP\i0 , complete with a twinkling black-and-white photograph of the Dark Mark over the treetops.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re all right,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley muttered distractedly, releasing Mr. Weasley and staring around at them all with red eyes, \ldblquote you\rquote re alive. \'85 Oh \i boys\i0  \'85\rdblquote\par
And to everybody\rquote s surprise, she seized Fred and George and pulled them both into such a tight hug that their heads banged together.\par
\ldblquote\i Ouch\i0 ! Mum \emdash  you\rquote re strangling us \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I shouted at you before you left!\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley said, starting to sob. \ldblquote It\rquote s all I\rquote ve been thinking about! What if You-Know-Who had got you, and the last thing I ever said to you was that you didn\rquote t get enough O.W.L.s? Oh Fred \'85 George \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come on, now, Molly, we\rquote re all perfectly okay,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley soothingly, prising her off the twins and leading her back toward the house. \ldblquote Bill,\rdblquote  he added in an undertone, \ldblquote pick up that paper, I want to see what it says. \'85\rdblquote\par
When they were all crammed into the tiny kitchen, and Hermione had made Mrs. Weasley a cup of very strong tea, into which Mr. Weasley insisted on pouring a shot of Ogdens Old Firewhiskey, Bill handed his father the newspaper. Mr. Weasley scanned the front page while Percy looked over his shoulder.\par
\ldblquote I knew it,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley heavily. \ldblquote\i Ministry blunders\i0  \'85 \i cul\-prits not apprehended\i0  \'85 \i lax security\i0  \'85 \i Dark wizards running unchecked\i0  \'85 \i national disgrace\i0  \'85 Who wrote this? Ah \'85 of course \'85 Rita Skeeter.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That woman\rquote s got it in for the Ministry of Magic!\rdblquote  said Percy furiously. \ldblquote Last week she was saying we\rquote re wasting our time quib\-bling about cauldron thickness, when we should be stamping out vampires! As if it wasn\rquote t \i specifically\i0  stated in paragraph twelve of the Guidelines for the Treatment of Non-Wizard Part-Humans \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do us a favor, Perce,\rdblquote  said Bill, yawning, \ldblquote and shut up.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m mentioned,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, his eyes widening behind his glasses as he reached the bottom of the \i Daily Prophet\i0  article.\par
\ldblquote Where?\rdblquote  spluttered Mrs. Weasley, choking on her tea and whiskey. \ldblquote If I\rquote d seen that, I\rquote d have known you were alive!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not by name,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Listen to this: \lquote\i If the terrified wizards and witches who waited breathlessly for news at the edge of the wood expected reassurance from the Ministry of Magic, they were sadly disappointed. A Ministry official emerged some time after the appear\-ance of the Dark Mark alleging that nobody had been hurt, but refus\-ing to give any more information. Whether this statement will be enough to quash the rumors that several bodies were removed from the woods an hour later, remains to be seen\i0 .\rquote  Oh really,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley in exasperation, handing the paper to Percy. \ldblquote Nobody \i was\i0  hurt. What was I supposed to say? \i Rumors that several bodies were re\-moved from the woods\i0  \'85 well, there certainly will be rumors now she\rquote s printed that.\rdblquote\par
He heaved a deep sigh. \ldblquote Molly, I\rquote m going to have to go into the office; this is going to take some smoothing over.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll come with you, Father,\rdblquote  said Percy importantly. \ldblquote Mr. Crouch will need all hands on deck. And I can give him my caul\-dron report in person.\rdblquote\par
He bustled out of the kitchen. Mrs. Weasley looked most upset.\par
\ldblquote Arthur, you\rquote re supposed to be on holiday! This hasn\rquote t got any\-thing to do with your office; surely they can handle this without you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve got to go, Molly,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote I\rquote ve made things worse. I\rquote ll just change into my robes and I\rquote ll be off. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mrs. Weasley,\rdblquote  said Harry suddenly, unable to contain himself, \ldblquote Hedwig hasn\rquote t arrived with a letter for me, has she?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hedwig, dear?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley distractedly. \ldblquote No \'85 no, there hasn\rquote t been any post at all.\rdblquote\par
Ron and Hermione looked curiously at Harry. With a meaning\-ful look at both of them he said, \ldblquote All right if I go and dump my stuff in your room, Ron?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah \'85 think I will too,\rdblquote  said Ron at once. \ldblquote Hermione?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  she said quickly, and the three of them marched out of the kitchen and up the stairs.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s up, Harry?\rdblquote  said Ron, the moment they had closed the door of the attic room behind them.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s something I haven\rquote t told you,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote On Satur\-day morning, I woke up with my scar hurting again.\rdblquote\par
Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s reactions were almost exactly as Harry had imagined them back in his bedroom on Privet Drive. Hermione gasped and started making suggestions at once, mentioning a number of reference books, and everybody from Albus Dumble\-dore to Madam Pomfrey, the Hogwarts nurse. Ron simply looked dumbstruck.\par
\ldblquote But \emdash  he wasn\rquote t there, was he? You-Know-Who? I mean \emdash  last time your scar kept hurting, he was at Hogwarts, wasn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sure he wasn\rquote t on Privet Drive,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But I was dreaming about him \'85 him and Peter \emdash  you know, Wormtail. I can\rquote t remember all of it now, but they were plotting to kill \'85 someone.\rdblquote\par
He had teetered for a moment on the verge of saying \ldblquote me,\rdblquote  but couldn\rquote t bring himself to make Hermione look any more horrified than she already did.\par
\ldblquote It was only a dream,\rdblquote  said Ron bracingly. \ldblquote Just a nightmare.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, but was it, though?\rdblquote  said Harry, turning to look out of the window at the brightening sky. \ldblquote It\rquote s weird, isn\rquote t it? \'85 My scar hurts, and three days later the Death Eaters are on the march, and Voldemort\rquote s sign\rquote s up in the sky again.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t \emdash  say \emdash  his \emdash  name!\rdblquote  Ron hissed through gritted teeth.\par
\ldblquote And remember what Professor Trelawney said?\rdblquote  Harry went on, ignoring Ron. \ldblquote At the end of last year?\rdblquote\par
Professor Trelawney was their Divination teacher at Hogwarts. Hermione\rquote s terrified look vanished as she let out a derisive snort.\par
\ldblquote Oh Harry, you aren\rquote t going to pay attention to anything that old fraud says?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You weren\rquote t there,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t hear her. This time was different. I told you, she went into a trance \emdash  a real one. And she said the Dark Lord would rise again \'85 \i greater and more terri\-ble than ever before\i0  \'85 and he\rquote d manage it because his servant was going to go back to him \'85 and that night Wormtail escaped.\rdblquote\par
There was a silence in which Ron fidgeted absentmindedly with a hole in his Chudley Cannons bedspread.\par
\ldblquote Why were you asking if Hedwig had come, Harry?\rdblquote  Hermione asked. \ldblquote Are you expecting a letter?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I told Sirius about my scar,\rdblquote  said Harry, shrugging. \ldblquote I\rquote m wait\-ing for his answer.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good thinking!\rdblquote  said Ron, his expression clearing. \ldblquote I bet Sir\-ius\rquote ll know what to do!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I hoped he\rquote d get back to me quickly,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote But we don\rquote t know where Sirius is \'85 he could be in Africa or somewhere, couldn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Hermione reasonably. \ldblquote Hedwig\rquote s not going to manage \i that\i0  journey in a few days.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I know,\rdblquote  said Harry, but there was a leaden feeling in his stomach as he looked out of the window at the Hedwig-free sky.\par
\ldblquote Come and have a game of Quidditch in the orchard, Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Come on \emdash  three on three, Bill and Charlie and Fred and George will play. \'85 You can try out the Wronski Feint. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione, in an I-don\rquote t-think-you\rquote re-being-very-sensitive sort of voice, \ldblquote Harry doesn\rquote t want to play Quidditch right now. \'85 He\rquote s worried, and he\rquote s tired. \'85 We all need to go to bed. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I want to play Quidditch,\rdblquote  said Harry suddenly. \ldblquote Hang on, I\rquote ll get my Firebolt.\rdblquote\par
Hermione left the room, muttering something that sounded very much like \ldblquote\i Boys.\i0\rdblquote\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc *     *     *\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj Neither Mr. Weasley nor Percy was at home much over the follow\-ing week. Both left the house each morning before the rest of the family got up, and returned well after dinner every night.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s been an absolute uproar,\rdblquote  Percy told them importantly the Sunday evening before they were due to return to Hogwarts. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been putting out fires all week. People keep sending Howlers, and of course, if you don\rquote t open a Howler straight away, it explodes. Scorch marks all over my desk and my best quill reduced to cinders.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why are they all sending Howlers?\rdblquote  asked Ginny, who was mending her copy of \i One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi\i0  with Spellotape on the rug in front of the living room fire.\par
\ldblquote Complaining about security at the World Cup,\rdblquote  said Percy. \ldblquote They want compensation for their ruined property. Mundungus Fletcher\rquote s put in a claim for a twelve-bedroomed tent with en-suite Jacuzzi, but I\rquote ve got his number. I know for a fact he was sleeping under a cloak propped on sticks.\rdblquote\par
Mrs. Weasley glanced at the grandfather clock in the corner. Harry liked this clock. It was completely useless if you wanted to know the time, but otherwise very informative. It had nine golden hands, and each of them was engraved with one of the Weasley family\rquote s names. There were no numerals around the face, but de\-scriptions of where each family member might be. \ldblquote Home,\rdblquote  \ldblquote school,\rdblquote  and \ldblquote work\rdblquote  were there, but there was also \ldblquote traveling,\rdblquote  \ldblquote lost,\rdblquote  \ldblquote hospital,\rdblquote  \ldblquote prison,\rdblquote  and, in the position where the number twelve would be on a normal clock, \ldblquote mortal peril.\rdblquote\par
Eight of the hands were currently pointing to the \ldblquote home\rdblquote  position, but Mr. Weasley\rquote s, which was the longest, was still point\-ing to \ldblquote work.\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley sighed.\par
\ldblquote Your father hasn\rquote t had to go into the office on weekends since the days of You-Know-Who,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote They\rquote re working him far too hard. His dinner\rquote s going to be ruined if he doesn\rquote t come home soon.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, Father feels he\rquote s got to make up for his mistake at the match, doesn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Percy. \ldblquote If truth be told, he was a tad un\-wise to make a public statement without clearing it with his Head of Department first \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t you dare blame your father for what that wretched Skeeter woman wrote!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, flaring up at once.\par
\ldblquote If Dad hadn\rquote t said anything, old Rita would just have said it was disgraceful that nobody from the Ministry had commented,\rdblquote  said Bill, who was playing chess with Ron. \ldblquote Rita Skeeter never makes anyone look good. Remember, she interviewed all the Gringotts\rquote  Charm Breakers once, and called me \lquote a long-haired pillock\rquote ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, it \i is\i0  a bit long, dear,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley gently. \ldblquote If you\rquote d just let me \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i No,\i0  Mum.\rdblquote\par
Rain lashed against the living room window. Hermione was im\-mersed in \i The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4,\i0  copies of which Mrs. Weasley had bought for her, Harry, and Ron in Diagon Alley. Charlie was darning a fireproof balaclava. Harry was polishing his Firebolt, the broomstick servicing kit Hermione had given him for his thirteenth birthday open at his feet. Fred and George were sit\-ting in a far corner, quills out, talking in whispers, their heads bent over a piece of parchment.\par
\ldblquote What are you two up to?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley sharply, her eyes on the twins.\par
\ldblquote Homework,\rdblquote  said Fred vaguely.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be ridiculous, you\rquote re still on holiday,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, we\rquote ve left it a bit late,\rdblquote  said George.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re not by any chance writing out a new \i order form,\i0  are you?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley shrewdly. \ldblquote You wouldn\rquote t be thinking of re\-starting Weasleys\rquote  Wizard Wheezes, by any chance?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Now, Mum,\rdblquote  said Fred, looking up at her, a pained look on his face. \ldblquote If the Hogwarts Express crashed tomorrow, and George and I died, how would you feel to know that the last thing we ever heard from you was an unfounded accusation?\rdblquote\par
Everyone laughed, even Mrs. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote Oh your father\rquote s coming!\rdblquote  she said suddenly, looking up at the clock again.\par
Mr. Weasley\rquote s hand had suddenly spun from \ldblquote work\rdblquote  to \ldblquote travel\-ing\rdblquote ; a second later it had shuddered to a halt on \ldblquote home\rdblquote  with the others, and they heard him calling from the kitchen.\par
\ldblquote Coming, Arthur!\rdblquote  called Mrs. Weasley, hurrying out of the room.\par
A few moments later, Mr. Weasley came into the warm liv\-ing room carrying his dinner on a tray. He looked completely exhausted.\par
\ldblquote Well, the fat\rquote s really in the fire now,\rdblquote  he told Mrs. Weasley as he sat down in an armchair near the hearth and toyed unenthusiasti\-cally with his somewhat shriveled cauliflower. \ldblquote Rita Skeeter\rquote s been ferreting around all week, looking for more Ministry mess-ups to report. And now she\rquote s found out about poor old Bertha going missing, so that\rquote ll be the headline in the \i Prophet\i0  tomorrow. I \i told \i0 Bagman he should have sent someone to look for her ages ago.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mr. Crouch has been saying it for weeks and weeks,\rdblquote  said Percy swiftly.\par
\ldblquote Crouch is very lucky Rita hasn\rquote t found out about Winky,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley irritably. \ldblquote There\rquote d be a week\rquote s worth of headlines in his house-elf being caught holding the wand that conjured the Dark Mark.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I thought we were all agreed that that elf, while irresponsible, did \i not\i0  conjure the Mark?\rdblquote  said Percy hotly.\par
\ldblquote If you ask me, Mr. Crouch is very lucky no one at the \i Daily Prophet\i0  knows how mean he is to elves!\rdblquote  said Hermione angrily.\par
\ldblquote Now look here, Hermione!\rdblquote  said Percy. \ldblquote A high-ranking Min\-istry official like Mr. Crouch deserves unswerving obedience from his servants \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote His \i slave,\i0  you mean!\rdblquote  said Hermione, her voice rising passion\-ately, \ldblquote because he didn\rquote t \i pay\i0  Winky, did he?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think you\rquote d all better go upstairs and check that you\rquote ve packed properly!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, breaking up the argument. \ldblquote Come on now, all of you. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry repacked his broomstick servicing kit, put his Firebolt over his shoulder, and went back upstairs with Ron. The rain sounded even louder at the top of the house, accompanied by loud whistlings and moans from the wind, not to mention sporadic howls from the ghoul who lived in the attic. Pigwidgeon began twittering and zooming around his cage when they entered. The sight of the half-packed trunks seemed to have sent him into a frenzy of excitement.\par
\ldblquote Bung him some Owl Treats,\rdblquote  said Ron, throwing a packet across to Harry. \ldblquote It might shut him up.\rdblquote\par
Harry poked a few Owl Treats through the bars of Pigwidgeon\rquote s cage, then turned to his trunk. Hedwig\rquote s cage stood next to it, still empty.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s been over a week,\rdblquote  Harry said, looking at Hedwig\rquote s deserted perch. \ldblquote Ron, you don\rquote t reckon Sirius has been caught, do you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nah, it would\rquote ve been in the \i Daily Prophet,\i0\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote The Ministry would want to show they\rquote d caught \i someone,\i0  wouldn\rquote t they?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I suppose. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Look, here\rquote s the stuff Mum got for you in Diagon Alley. And she\rquote s got some gold out of your vault for you \'85 and she\rquote s washed all your socks.\rdblquote\par
He heaved a pile of parcels onto Harry\rquote s camp bed and dropped the money bag and a load of socks next to it. Harry started un\-wrapping the shopping. Apart from \i The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4,\i0  by Miranda Goshawk, he had a handful of new quills, a dozen rolls of parchment, and refills for his potion-making kit \emdash  he had been running low on spine of lionfish and essence of bel\-ladonna. He was just piling underwear into his cauldron when Ron made a loud noise of disgust behind him.\par
\ldblquote What is \i that\i0  supposed to be?\rdblquote\par
He was holding up something that looked to Harry like a long, maroon velvet dress. It had a moldy-looking lace frill at the collar and matching lace cuffs.\par
There was a knock on the door, and Mrs. Weasley entered, car\-rying an armful of freshly laundered Hogwarts robes.\par
\ldblquote Here you are,\rdblquote  she said, sorting them into two piles. \ldblquote Now, mind you pack them properly so they don\rquote t crease.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mum, you\rquote ve given me Ginny\rquote s new dress,\rdblquote  said Ron, handing it out to her.\par
\ldblquote Of course I haven\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote That\rquote s for you. Dress robes.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking horror-struck.\par
\ldblquote Dress robes!\rdblquote  repeated Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote It says on your school list that you\rquote re supposed to have dress robes this year \'85 robes for for\-mal occasions.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve got to be kidding,\rdblquote  said Ron in disbelief. \ldblquote I\rquote m not wear\-ing that, no way.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Everyone wears them, Ron!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley crossly. \ldblquote They\rquote re all like that! Your father\rquote s got some for smart parties!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll go starkers before I put that on,\rdblquote  said Ron stubbornly.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be so silly,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote You\rquote ve got to have dress robes, they\rquote re on your list! I got some for Harry too \'85 show him, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\par
In some trepidation, Harry opened the last parcel on his camp bed. It wasn\rquote t as bad as he had expected, however; his dress robes didn\rquote t have any lace on them at all \emdash  in fact, they were more or less the same as his school ones, except that they were bottle green in\-stead of black.\par
\ldblquote I thought they\rquote d bring out the color of your eyes, dear,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley fondly.\par
\ldblquote Well, they\rquote re okay!\rdblquote  said Ron angrily, looking at Harry\rquote s robes. \ldblquote Why couldn\rquote t I have some like that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Because \'85 well, I had to get yours secondhand, and there wasn\rquote t a lot of choice!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, flushing.\par
Harry looked away. He would willingly have split all the money in his Gringotts vault with the Weasleys, but he knew they would never take it.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m never wearing them,\rdblquote  Ron was saying stubbornly. \ldblquote Never.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  snapped Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote Go naked. And, Harry, make sure you get a picture of him. Goodness knows I could do with a laugh.\rdblquote\par
She left the room, slamming the door behind her. There was a funny spluttering noise from behind them. Pigwidgeon was chok\-ing on an overlarge Owl Treat.\par
\ldblquote Why is everything I own rubbish?\rdblquote  said Ron furiously, striding across the room to unstick Pigwidgeon\rquote s beak.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 11\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Aboard the Hogwarts Express\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
There was a definite end-of-the-holidays gloom in the air when Harry awoke next morning. Heavy rain was still splat\-tering against the window as he got dressed in jeans and a sweat\-shirt; they would change into their school robes on the Hogwarts Express.\par
He, Ron, Fred, and George had just reached the first-floor land\-ing on their way down to breakfast, when Mrs. Weasley appeared at the foot of the stairs, looking harassed.\par
\ldblquote Arthur!\rdblquote  she called up the staircase. \ldblquote Arthur! Urgent message from the Ministry!\rdblquote\par
Harry flattened himself against the wall as Mr. Weasley came clattering past with his robes on back-to-front and hurtled out of sight. When Harry and the others entered the kitchen, they saw Mrs. Weasley rummaging anxiously in the drawers \emdash  \ldblquote I\rquote ve got a quill here somewhere!\rdblquote  \emdash  and Mr. Weasley bending over the fire, talking to \emdash\par
Harry shut his eyes hard and opened them again to make sure that they were working properly.\par
Amos Diggory\rquote s head was sitting in the middle of the flames like a large, bearded egg. It was talking very fast, completely unper\-turbed by the sparks flying around it and the flames licking its ears.\par
\ldblquote\'85 Muggle neighbors heard bangs and shouting, so they went and called those what-d\rquote you-call-\rquote ems \emdash  please-men. Arthur, you\rquote ve got to get over there \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Here!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley breathlessly, pushing a piece of parch\-ment, a bottle of ink, and a crumpled quill into Mr. Weasley\rquote s hands.\par
\ldblquote\emdash  it\rquote s a real stroke of luck I heard about it,\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory\rquote s head. \ldblquote I had to come into the office early to send a couple of owls, and I found the Improper Use of Magic lot all setting off \emdash  if Rita Skeeter gets hold of this one, Arthur \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What does Mad-Eye say happened?\rdblquote  asked Mr. Weasley, un\-screwing the ink bottle, loading up his quill, and preparing to take notes.\par
Mr. Diggory\rquote s head rolled its eyes. \ldblquote Says he heard an intruder in his yard. Says he was creeping toward the house, but was ambushed by his dustbins.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What did the dustbins do?\rdblquote  asked Mr. Weasley, scribbling frantically.\par
\ldblquote Made one hell of a noise and fired rubbish everywhere, as far as I can tell,\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory. \ldblquote Apparently one of them was still rocketing around when the please-men turned up \emdash\rdblquote\par
Mr. Weasley groaned.\par
\ldblquote And what about the intruder?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Arthur, you know Mad-Eye,\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory\rquote s head, rolling its eyes again. \ldblquote Someone creeping into his yard in the dead of night? More likely there\rquote s a very shell-shocked cat wandering around somewhere, covered in potato peelings. But if the Improper Use of Magic lot get their hands on Mad-Eye, he\rquote s had it \emdash  think of his record \emdash  we\rquote ve got to get him off on a minor charge, some\-thing in your department \emdash  what are exploding dustbins worth?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Might be a caution,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, still writing very fast, his brow furrowed. \ldblquote Mad-Eye didn\rquote t use his wand? He didn\rquote t actually attack anyone?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll bet he leapt out of bed and started jinxing everything he could reach through the window,\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory, \ldblquote but they\rquote ll have a job proving it, there aren\rquote t any casualties.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right, I\rquote m off,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley said, and he stuffed the parch\-ment with his notes on it into his pocket and dashed out of the kitchen again.\par
Mr. Diggory\rquote s head looked around at Mrs. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote Sorry about this, Molly,\rdblquote  it said, more calmly, \ldblquote bothering you so early and everything \'85 but Arthur\rquote s the only one who can get Mad-Eye off, and Mad-Eye\rquote s supposed to be starting his new job today. Why he had to choose last night \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Never mind, Amos,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote Sure you won\rquote t have a bit of toast or anything before you go?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh go on, then,\rdblquote  said Mr. Diggory.\par
Mrs. Weasley took a piece of buttered toast from a stack on the kitchen table, put it into the fire tongs, and transferred it into Mr. Diggory\rquote s mouth.\par
\ldblquote Fanks,\rdblquote  he said in a muffled voice, and then, with a small \i pop,\i0  vanished.\par
Harry could hear Mr. Weasley calling hurried good-byes to Bill, Charlie, Percy, and the girls. Within five minutes, he was back in the kitchen, his robes on the right way now, dragging a comb through his hair.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote d better hurry \emdash  you have a good term, boys,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley to Harry, Ron, and the twins, fastening a cloak over his shoulders and preparing to Disapparate. \ldblquote Molly, are you going to be all right taking the kids to King\rquote s Cross?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course I will,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote You just look after Mad-Eye, we\rquote ll be fine.\rdblquote\par
As Mr. Weasley vanished, Bill and Charlie entered the kitchen.\par
\ldblquote Did someone say Mad-Eye?\rdblquote  Bill asked. \ldblquote What\rquote s he been up to now?\par
\ldblquote He says someone tried to break into his house last night,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote Mad-Eye Moody?\rdblquote  said George thoughtfully, spreading mar\-malade on his toast. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t he that nutter \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Your father thinks very highly of Mad-Eye Moody,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley sternly.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, well, Dad collects plugs, doesn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Fred quietly as Mrs. Weasley left the room. \ldblquote Birds of a feather \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Moody was a great wizard in his time,\rdblquote  said Bill.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s an old friend of Dumbledore\rquote s, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Charlie.\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s not what you\rquote d call \i normal,\i0  though, is he?\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote I mean, I know he\rquote s a genius and everything \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who \i is\i0  Mad-Eye?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s retired, used to work at the Ministry,\rdblquote  said Charlie. \ldblquote I met him once when Dad took me into work with him. He was an Auror \emdash  one of the best \'85 a Dark wizard catcher,\rdblquote  he added, see\-ing Harry\rquote s blank look. \ldblquote Half the cells in Azkaban are full because of him. He made himself loads of enemies, though \'85 the families of people he caught, mainly \'85 and I heard he\rquote s been getting really paranoid in his old age. Doesn\rquote t trust anyone anymore. Sees Dark wizards everywhere.\rdblquote\par
Bill and Charlie decided to come and see everyone off at King\rquote s Cross station, but Percy, apologizing most profusely, said that he really needed to get to work.\par
\ldblquote I just can\rquote t justify taking more time off at the moment,\rdblquote  he told them. \ldblquote Mr. Crouch is really starting to rely on me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, you know what, Percy?\rdblquote  said George seriously. \ldblquote I reckon he\rquote ll know your name soon.\rdblquote\par
Mrs. Weasley had braved the telephone in the village post office to order three ordinary Muggle taxis to take them into London.\par
\ldblquote Arthur tried to borrow Ministry cars for us,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley whispered to Harry as they stood in the rain-washed yard, watch\-ing the taxi drivers heaving six heavy Hogwarts trunks into their cars. \ldblquote But there weren\rquote t any to spare. \'85 Oh dear, they don\rquote t look happy, do they?\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t like to tell Mrs. Weasley that Muggle taxi drivers rarely transported overexcited owls, and Pigwidgeon was making an earsplitting racket. Nor did it help that a number of Filibuster\rquote s Fabulous Wet-Start, No-Heat Fireworks went off unexpectedly when Fred\rquote s trunk sprang open, causing the driver carrying it to yell with fright and pain as Crookshanks clawed his way up the man\rquote s leg.\par
The journey was uncomfortable, owing to the fact that they were jammed in the back of the taxis with their trunks. Crook\-shanks took quite a while to recover from the fireworks, and by the time they entered London, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were all severely scratched. They were very relieved to get out at King\rquote s Cross, even though the rain was coming down harder than ever, and they got soaked carrying their trunks across the busy road and into the station.\par
Harry was used to getting onto platform nine and three-quarters by now. It was a simple matter of walking straight through the ap\-parently solid barrier dividing platforms nine and ten. The only tricky part was doing this in an unobtrusive way, so as to avoid at\-tracting Muggle attention. They did it in groups today; Harry, Ron, and Hermione (the most conspicuous, since they were accompa\-nied by Pigwidgeon and Crookshanks) went first; they leaned casu\-ally against the barrier, chatting unconcernedly, and slid sideways through it \'85 and as they did so, platform nine and three-quarters materialized in front of them.\par
The Hogwarts Express, a gleaming scarlet steam engine, was al\-ready there, clouds of steam billowing from it, through which the many Hogwarts students and parents on the platform appeared like dark ghosts. Pigwidgeon became noisier than ever in response to the hooting of many owls through the mist. Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off to find seats, and were soon stowing their luggage in a compartment halfway along the train. They then hopped back down onto the platform to say good-bye to Mrs. Weasley, Bill, and Charlie.\par
\ldblquote I might be seeing you all sooner than you think,\rdblquote  said Charlie, grinning, as he hugged Ginny good-bye.\par
\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  said Fred keenly.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll see,\rdblquote  said Charlie. \ldblquote Just don\rquote t tell Percy I mentioned it \'85 it\rquote s \lquote classified information, until such time as the Ministry sees fit to release it,\rquote  after all.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I sort of wish I were back at Hogwarts this year,\rdblquote  said Bill, hands in his pockets, looking almost wistfully at the train.\par
\ldblquote\i Why\i0 ?\rdblquote  said George impatiently.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re going to have an interesting year,\rdblquote  said Bill, his eyes twinkling. \ldblquote I might even get time off to come and watch a bit of it. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A bit of \i what\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
But at that moment, the whistle blew, and Mrs. Weasley chivvied them toward the train doors.\par
\ldblquote Thanks for having us to stay, Mrs. Weasley,\rdblquote  said Hermione as they climbed on board, closed the door, and leaned out of the win\-dow to talk to her.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, thanks for everything, Mrs. Weasley,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Oh it was my pleasure, dears,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote I\rquote d invite you for Christmas, but \'85 well, I expect you\rquote re all going to want to stay at Hogwarts, what with \'85 one thing and another.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mum!\rdblquote  said Ron irritably. \ldblquote What d\rquote you three know that we don\rquote t?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll find out this evening, I expect,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, smil\-ing. \ldblquote It\rquote s going to be very exciting \emdash  mind you, I\rquote m very glad they\rquote ve changed the rules \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What rules?\rdblquote  said Harry, Ron, Fred, and George together.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sure Professor Dumbledore will tell you. \'85 Now, behave, won\rquote t you? \i Won\rquote t\i0  you, Fred? And you, George?\rdblquote\par
The pistons hissed loudly and the train began to move.\par
\ldblquote Tell us what\rquote s happening at Hogwarts!\rdblquote  Fred bellowed out of the window as Mrs. Weasley, Bill, and Charlie sped away from them. \ldblquote What rules are they changing?\rdblquote\par
But Mrs. Weasley only smiled and waved. Before the train had rounded the corner, she, Bill, and Charlie had Disapparated.\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione went back to their compartment. The thick rain splattering the windows made it very difficult to see out of them. Ron undid his trunk, pulled out his maroon dress robes, and flung them over Pigwidgeon\rquote s cage to muffle his hooting.\par
\ldblquote Bagman wanted to tell us what\rquote s happening at Hogwarts,\rdblquote  he said grumpily, sitting down next to Harry. \ldblquote At the World Cup, remember? But my own mother won\rquote t say. Wonder what \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shh!\rdblquote  Hermione whispered suddenly, pressing her finger to her lips and pointing toward the compartment next to theirs. Harry and Ron listened, and heard a familiar drawling voice drifting in through the open door.\par
\ldblquote\'85 Father actually considered sending me to Durmstrang rather than Hogwarts, you know. He knows the headmaster, you see. Well, you know his opinion of Dumbledore \emdash  the man\rquote s such a Mudblood-lover \emdash  and Durmstrang doesn\rquote t admit that sort of riffraff. But Mother didn\rquote t like the idea of me going to school so far away. Father says Durmstrang takes a far more sensible line than Hogwarts about the Dark Arts. Durmstrang students actually \i learn \i0 them, not just the defense rubbish we do. \'85\rdblquote\par
Hermione got up, tiptoed to the compartment door, and slid it shut, blocking out Malfoy\rquote s voice.\par
\ldblquote So he thinks Durmstrang would have suited him, does he?\rdblquote  she said angrily. \ldblquote I wish he \i had\i0  gone, then we wouldn\rquote t have to put up with him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Durmstrang\rquote s another wizarding school?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione sniffily, \ldblquote and it\rquote s got a horrible reputation. According to \i An Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe,\i0  it puts a lot of emphasis on the Dark Arts.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think I\rquote ve heard of it,\rdblquote  said Ron vaguely. \ldblquote Where is it? What country?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, nobody knows, do they?\rdblquote  said Hermione, raising her eyebrows.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  why not?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s traditionally been a lot of rivalry between all the magic schools. Durmstrang and Beauxbatons like to conceal their where\-abouts so nobody can steal their secrets,\rdblquote  said Hermione matter-of-factly.\par
\ldblquote Come off it,\rdblquote  said Ron, starting to laugh. \ldblquote Durmstrang\rquote s got to be about the same size as Hogwarts \emdash  how are you going to hide a great big castle?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But Hogwarts \i is\i0  hidden,\rdblquote  said Hermione, in surprise. \ldblquote Every\-one knows that \'85 well, everyone who\rquote s read \i Hogwarts, A History,\i0  anyway.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Just you, then,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote So go on \emdash  how d\rquote you hide a place like Hogwarts?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s bewitched,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote If a Muggle looks at it, all they see is a moldering old ruin with a sign over the entrance saying DANGER, DO NOT ENTER, UNSAFE.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So Durmstrang\rquote ll just look like a ruin to an outsider too?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe,\rdblquote  said Hermione, shrugging, \ldblquote or it might have Muggle-repelling charms on it, like the World Cup stadium. And to keep for\-eign wizards from finding it, they\rquote ll have made it Unplottable \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come again?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, you can enchant a building so it\rquote s impossible to plot on a map, can\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \'85 if you say so,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote But I think Durmstrang must be somewhere in the far north,\rdblquote  said Hermione thoughtfully. \ldblquote Somewhere very cold, because they\rquote ve got fur capes as part of their uniforms.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, think of the possibilities,\rdblquote  said Ron dreamily. \ldblquote It would\rquote ve been so easy to push Malfoy off a glacier and make it look like an accident. \'85 Shame his mother likes him. \'85\rdblquote\par
The rain became heavier and heavier as the train moved farther north. The sky was so dark and the windows so steamy that the lanterns were lit by midday. The lunch trolley came rattling along the corridor, and Harry bought a large stack of Cauldron Cakes for them to share.\par
Several of their friends looked in on them as the afternoon pro\-gressed, including Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, and Neville Longbottom, a round-faced, extremely forgetful boy who had been brought up by his formidable witch of a grandmother. Seamus was still wearing his Ireland rosette. Some of its magic seemed to be wearing off now; it was still squeaking \ldblquote\i Troy \emdash  Mullet \emdash  Moran\i0 !\rdblquote  but in a very feeble and exhausted sort of way. After half an hour or so, Hermione, growing tired of the endless Quidditch talk, buried herself once more in \i The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4,\i0  and started trying to learn a Summoning Charm.\par
Neville listened jealously to the others\rquote  conversation as they re\-lived the Cup match.\par
\ldblquote Gran didn\rquote t want to go,\rdblquote  he said miserably. \ldblquote Wouldn\rquote t buy tick\-ets. It sounded amazing though.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It was,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Look at this, Neville. \'85\rdblquote\par
He rummaged in his trunk up in the luggage rack and pulled out the miniature figure of Viktor Krum.\par
\ldblquote Oh \i wow,\i0\rdblquote  said Neville enviously as Ron tipped Krum onto his pudgy hand.\par
\ldblquote We saw him right up close, as well,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote We were in the Top Box \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote For the first and last time in your life, Weasley.\rdblquote\par
Draco Malfoy had appeared in the doorway. Behind him stood Crabbe and Goyle, his enormous, thuggish cronies, both of whom appeared to have grown at least a foot during the summer. Evi\-dently they had overheard the conversation through the compart\-ment door, which Dean and Seamus had left ajar.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t remember asking you to join us, Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Harry coolly.\par
\ldblquote Weasley \'85 what is \i that\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Malfoy, pointing at Pigwid\-geon\rquote s cage. A sleeve of Ron\rquote s dress robes was dangling from it, sway\-ing with the motion of the train, the moldy lace cuff very obvious.\par
Ron made to stuff the robes out of sight, but Malfoy was too quick for him; he seized the sleeve and pulled.\par
\ldblquote Look at this!\rdblquote  said Malfoy in ecstasy, holding up Ron\rquote s robes and showing Crabbe and Goyle, \ldblquote Weasley, you weren\rquote t thinking of \i wearing\i0  these, were you? I mean \emdash  they were very fashionable in about eighteen ninety. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Eat dung, Malfoy!\rdblquote  said Ron, the same color as the dress robes as he snatched them back out of Malfoy\rquote s grip. Malfoy howled with derisive laughter; Crabbe and Goyle guffawed stupidly.\par
\ldblquote So \'85 going to enter, Weasley? Going to try and bring a bit of glory to the family name? There\rquote s money involved as well, you know \'85 you\rquote d be able to afford some decent robes if you won. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What are you talking about?\rdblquote  snapped Ron.\par
\ldblquote\i Are you going to enter\i0 ?\rdblquote  Malfoy repeated. \ldblquote I suppose \i you\i0  will, Potter? You never miss a chance to show off, do you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Either explain what you\rquote re on about or go away, Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Hermione testily, over the top of \i The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4.\i0\par
A gleeful smile spread across Malfoy\rquote s pale face.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t tell me you don\rquote t \i know\i0 ?\rdblquote  he said delightedly. \ldblquote You\rquote ve got a father and brother at the Ministry and you don\rquote t even \i know\i0 ? My God, \i my\i0  father told me about it ages ago \'85 heard it from Cor\-nelius Fudge. But then, Father\rquote s always associated with the top peo\-ple at the Ministry. \'85 Maybe your father\rquote s too junior to know about it, Weasley \'85 yes \'85 they probably don\rquote t talk about impor\-tant stuff in front of him. \'85\rdblquote\par
Laughing once more, Malfoy beckoned to Crabbe and Goyle, and the three of them disappeared.\par
Ron got to his feet and slammed the sliding compartment door so hard behind them that the glass shattered.\par
\ldblquote\i Ron\i0 !\rdblquote  said Hermione reproachfully, and she pulled out her wand, muttered \ldblquote\i Reparo\i0 !\rdblquote  and the glass shards flew back into a sin\-gle pane and back into the door.\par
\ldblquote Well \'85 making it look like he knows everything and we don\rquote t. \'85\rdblquote  Ron snarled. \ldblquote  \lquote\i Father\rquote s always associated with the top peo\-ple at the Ministry.\i0\rquote\'85 Dad could\rquote ve got a promotion any time \'85 he just likes it where he is. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course he does,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly. \ldblquote Don\rquote t let Malfoy get to you, Ron \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Him! Get to me!? As if!\rdblquote  said Ron, picking up one of the re\-maining Cauldron Cakes and squashing it into a pulp.\par
Ron\rquote s bad mood continued for the rest of the journey. He didn\rquote t talk much as they changed into their school robes, and was still glowering when the Hogwarts Express slowed down at last and fi\-nally stopped in the pitch-darkness of Hogsmeade station.\par
As the train doors opened, there was a rumble of thunder over\-head. Hermione bundled up Crookshanks in her cloak and Ron left his dress robes over Pigwidgeon as they left the train, heads bent and eyes narrowed against the downpour. The rain was now coming down so thick and fast that it was as though buckets of ice-cold water were being emptied repeatedly over their heads.\par
\ldblquote Hi, Hagrid!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, seeing a gigantic silhouette at the far end of the platform.\par
\ldblquote All righ\rquote , Harry?\rdblquote  Hagrid bellowed back, waving. \ldblquote See yeh at the feast if we don\rquote  drown!\rdblquote\par
First years traditionally reached Hogwarts Castle by sailing across the lake with Hagrid.\par
\ldblquote Oooh, I wouldn\rquote t fancy crossing the lake in this weather,\rdblquote  said Hermione fervently, shivering as they inched slowly along the dark platform with the rest of the crowd. A hundred horseless carriages stood waiting for them outside the station. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville climbed gratefully into one of them, the door shut with a snap, and a few moments later, with a great lurch, the long procession of carriages was rumbling and splashing its way up the track toward Hogwarts Castle.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 12\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Triwizard Tournament\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Through the gates, flanked with statues of winged boars, and up the sweeping drive the carriages trundled, swaying dan\-gerously in what was fast becoming a gale. Leaning against the win\-dow, Harry could see Hogwarts coming nearer, its many lighted windows blurred and shimmering behind the thick curtain of rain. Lightning flashed across the sky as their carriage came to a halt before the great oak front doors, which stood at the top of a flight of stone steps. People who had occupied the carriages in front were already hurrying up the stone steps into the castle. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville jumped down from their carriage and dashed up the steps too, looking up only when they were safely inside the cavernous, torch-lit entrance hall, with its magnificent marble staircase.\par
\ldblquote Blimey,\rdblquote  said Ron, shaking his head and sending water every\-where, \ldblquote if that keeps up the lake\rquote s going to overflow. I\rquote m soak \emdash  ARRGH!\rdblquote\par
A large, red, water-filled balloon had dropped from out of the ceiling onto Ron\rquote s head and exploded. Drenched and sputtering, Ron staggered sideways into Harry, just as a second water bomb dropped \emdash  narrowly missing Hermione, it burst at Harry\rquote s feet, sending a wave of cold water over his sneakers into his socks. Peo\-ple all around them shrieked and started pushing one another in their efforts to get out of the line of fire. Harry looked up and saw, floating twenty feet above them, Peeves the Poltergeist, a little man in a bell-covered hat and orange bow tie, his wide, malicious face contorted with concentration as he took aim again.\par
\ldblquote PEEVES!\rdblquote  yelled an angry voice. \ldblquote Peeves, come down here at ONCE!\rdblquote\par
Professor McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress and head of Gryf\-findor House, had come dashing out of the Great Hall; she skidded on the wet floor and grabbed Hermione around the neck to stop herself from falling.\par
\ldblquote Ouch \emdash  sorry, Miss Granger \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s all right, Professor!\rdblquote  Hermione gasped, massaging her throat.\par
\ldblquote Peeves, get down here NOW!\rdblquote  barked Professor McGonagall, straightening her pointed hat and glaring upward through her square-rimmed spectacles.\par
\ldblquote Not doing nothing!\rdblquote  cackled Peeves, lobbing a water bomb at several fifth-year girls, who screamed and dived into the Great Hall. \ldblquote Already wet, aren\rquote t they? Little squirts! Wheeeeeeeeee!\rdblquote  And he aimed another bomb at a group of second years who had just arrived.\par
\ldblquote I shall call the headmaster!\rdblquote  shouted Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote I\rquote m warning you, Peeves \emdash\rdblquote\par
Peeves stuck out his tongue, threw the last of his water bombs into the air, and zoomed off up the marble staircase, cackling insanely.\par
\ldblquote Well, move along, then!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall sharply to the bedraggled crowd. \ldblquote Into the Great Hall, come on!\rdblquote\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione slipped and slid across the entrance hall and through the double doors on the right, Ron muttering furiously under his breath as he pushed his sopping hair off his face.\par
The Great Hall looked its usual splendid self, decorated for the start-of-term feast. Golden plates and goblets gleamed by the light of hundreds and hundreds of candles, floating over the tables in midair. The four long House tables were packed with chattering students; at the top of the Hall, the staff sat along one side of a fifth table, facing their pupils. It was much warmer in here. Harry, Ron, and Hermione walked past the Slytherins, the Ravenclaws, and the Hufflepuffs, and sat down with the rest of the Gryffindors at the far side of the Hall, next to Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost. Pearly white and semitransparent, Nick was dressed tonight in his usual doublet, but with a particularly large ruff, which served the dual purpose of looking extra-festive, and insuring that his head didn\rquote t wobble too much on his partially severed neck.\par
\ldblquote Good evening,\rdblquote  he said, beaming at them.\par
\ldblquote Says who?\rdblquote  said Harry, taking off his sneakers and emptying them of water. \ldblquote Hope they hurry up with the Sorting. I\rquote m starving.\rdblquote\par
The Sorting of the new students into Houses took place at the start of every school year, but by an unlucky combination of cir\-cumstances, Harry hadn\rquote t been present at one since his own. He was quite looking forward to it. Just then, a highly excited, breath\-less voice called down the table.\par
\ldblquote Hiya, Harry!\rdblquote\par
It was Colin Creevey, a third year to whom Harry was some\-thing of a hero.\par
\ldblquote Hi, Colin,\rdblquote  said Harry warily.\par
\ldblquote Harry, guess what? Guess what, Harry? My brother\rquote s starting! My brother Dennis!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  good,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s really excited!\rdblquote  said Colin, practically bouncing up and down in his seat. \ldblquote I just hope he\rquote s in Gryffindor! Keep your fingers crossed, eh, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  yeah, all right,\rdblquote  said Harry. He turned back to Hermi\-one, Ron, and Nearly Headless Nick. \ldblquote Brothers and sisters usually go in the same Houses, don\rquote t they?\rdblquote  he said. He was judging by the Weasleys, all seven of whom had been put into Gryffindor.\par
\ldblquote Oh no, not necessarily,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Parvati Patil\rquote s twin\rquote s in Ravenclaw, and they\rquote re identical. You\rquote d think they\rquote d be together, wouldn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
Harry looked up at the staff table. There seemed to be rather more empty seats there than usual. Hagrid, of course, was still fight\-ing his way across the lake with the first years; Professor McGonagall was presumably supervising the drying of the entrance hall floor, but there was another empty chair too, and Harry couldn\rquote t think who else was missing.\par
\ldblquote Where\rquote s the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?\rdblquote  said Hermione, who was also looking up at the teachers.\par
They had never yet had a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher who had lasted more than three terms. Harry\rquote s favorite by far had been Professor Lupin, who had resigned last year. He looked up and down the staff table. There was definitely no new face there.\par
\ldblquote Maybe they couldn\rquote t get anyone!\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking anxious.\par
Harry scanned the table more carefully. Tiny little Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was sitting on a large pile of cushions beside Professor Sprout, the Herbology teacher, whose hat was askew over her flyaway gray hair. She was talking to Professor Sin\-istra of the Astronomy department. On Professor Sinistra\rquote s other side was the sallow-faced, hook-nosed, greasy-haired Potions mas\-ter, Snape \emdash  Harry\rquote s least favorite person at Hogwarts. Harry\rquote s loathing of Snape was matched only by Snape\rquote s hatred of him, a ha\-tred which had, if possible, intensified last year, when Harry had helped Sirius escape right under Snape\rquote s overlarge nose \emdash  Snape and Sirius had been enemies since their own school days.\par
On Snape\rquote s other side was an empty seat, which Harry guessed was Professor McGonagall\rquote s. Next to it, and in the very center of the table, sat Professor Dumbledore, the headmaster, his sweeping silver hair and beard shining in the candlelight, his magnificent deep green robes embroidered with many stars and moons. The tips of Dumbledore\rquote s long, thin fingers were together and he was resting his chin upon them, staring up at the ceiling through his half-moon spectacles as though lost in thought. Harry glanced up at the ceiling too. It was enchanted to look like the sky outside, and he had never seen it look this stormy. Black and purple clouds were swirling across it, and as another thunderclap sounded outside, a fork of lightning flashed across it.\par
\ldblquote Oh hurry up,\rdblquote  Ron moaned, beside Harry, \ldblquote I could eat a hippogriff.\rdblquote\par
The words were no sooner out of his mouth than the doors of the Great Hall opened and silence fell. Professor McGonagall was leading a long line of first years up to the top of the Hall. If Harry, Ron, and Hermione were wet, it was nothing to how these first years looked. They appeared to have swum across the lake rather than sailed. All of them were shivering with a combination of cold and nerves as they filed along the staff table and came to a halt in a line facing the rest of the school \emdash  all of them except the smallest of the lot, a boy with mousy hair, who was wrapped in what Harry recognized as Hagrid\rquote s moleskin overcoat. The coat was so big for him that it looked as though he were draped in a furry black circus tent. His small face protruded from over the collar, looking almost painfully excited. When he had lined up with his terrified-looking peers, he caught Colin Creevey\rquote s eye, gave a double thumbs-up, and mouthed, \i I fell in the lake\i0 ! He looked positively delighted about it.\par
Professor McGonagall now placed a three-legged stool on the ground before the first years and, on top of it, an extremely old, dirty, patched wizard\rquote s hat. The first years stared at it. So did every\-one else. For a moment, there was silence. Then a long tear near the brim opened wide like a mouth, and the hat broke into song:\par
\par
\i A thousand years or more ago,\i0\par
\i When I was newly sewn,\i0\par
\i There lived four wizards of renown,\i0\par
\i Whose names are still well known:\i0\par
\i Bold Gryffindor, from wild moor,\i0\par
\i Fair Ravenclaw, from glen,\i0\par
\i Sweet Hufflepuff, from valley broad,\i0\par
\i Shrewd Slytherin, from fen.\i0\par
\i They shared a wish, a hope, a dream,\i0\par
\i They hatched a daring plan\i0\par
\i To educate young sorcerers\i0\par
\i Thus Hogwarts School began.\i0\par
\i Now each of these four founders\i0\par
\i Formed their own house, for each\i0\par
\i Did value different virtues\i0\par
\i In the ones they had to teach.\i0\par
\i By Gryffindor, the bravest were\i0\par
\i Prized far beyond the rest;\i0\par
\i For Ravenclaw, the cleverest\i0\par
\i Would always be the best;\i0\par
\i For Hufflepuff, hard workers were\i0\par
\i Most worthy of admission;\i0\par
\i And power-hungry Slytherin\i0\par
\i Loved those of great ambition.\i0\par
\i While still alive they did divide\i0\par
\i Their favorites from the throng,\i0\par
\i Yet how to pick the worthy ones\i0\par
\i When they were dead and gone?\i0\par
\i\lquote Twas Gryffindor who found the way,\i0\par
\i He whipped me off his head\i0\par
\i The founders put some brains in me\i0\par
\i So I could choose instead!\i0\par
\i Now slip me snug about your ears,\i0\par
\i I\rquote ve never yet been wrong,\i0\par
\i I\rquote ll have a look inside your mind\i0\par
\i And tell where you belong!\i0\par
\par
The Great Hall rang with applause as the Sorting Hat finished.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s not the song it sang when it Sorted us,\rdblquote  said Harry, clap\-ping along with everyone else.\par
\ldblquote Sings a different one every year,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s got to be a pretty boring life, hasn\rquote t it, being a hat? I suppose it spends all year making up the next one.\rdblquote\par
Professor McGonagall was now unrolling a large scroll of parchment.\par
\ldblquote When I call out your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool,\rdblquote  she told the first years. \ldblquote When the hat announces your House, you will go and sit at the appropriate table.\par
\ldblquote Ackerley, Stewart!\rdblquote\par
A boy walked forward, visibly trembling from head to foot, picked up the Sorting Hat, put it on, and sat down on the stool.\par
\ldblquote RAVENCLAW!\rdblquote  shouted the hat.\par
Stewart Ackerley took off the hat and hurried into a seat at the Ravenclaw table, where everyone was applauding him. Harry caught a glimpse of Cho, the Ravenclaw Seeker, cheering Stewart Ackerley as he sat down. For a fleeting second, Harry had a strange desire to join the Ravenclaw table too.\par
\ldblquote Baddock, Malcolm!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote SLYTHERIN!\rdblquote\par
The table on the other side of the hall erupted with cheers; Harry could see Malfoy clapping as Baddock joined the Slytherins. Harry wondered whether Baddock knew that Slytherin House had turned out more Dark witches and wizards than any other. Fred and George hissed Malcolm Baddock as he sat down.\par
\ldblquote Branstone, Eleanor!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote HUFFLEPUFF!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Cauldwell, Owen!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote HUFFLEPUFF!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Creevey, Dennis!\rdblquote\par
Tiny Dennis Creevey staggered forward, tripping over Hagrid\rquote s moleskin, just as Hagrid himself sidled into the Hall through a door behind the teachers\rquote  table. About twice as tall as a normal man, and at least three times as broad, Hagrid, with his long, wild, tangled black hair and beard, looked slightly alarming \emdash  a mis\-leading impression, for Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew Hagrid to possess a very kind nature. He winked at them as he sat down at the end of the staff table and watched Dennis Creevey putting on the Sorting Hat. The rip at the brim opened wide \emdash\par
\ldblquote GRYFFINDOR!\rdblquote  the hat shouted.\par
Hagrid clapped along with the Gryffindors as Dennis Creevey, beaming widely, took off the hat, placed it back on the stool, and hurried over to join his brother.\par
\ldblquote Colin, I fell in!\rdblquote  he said shrilly, throwing himself into an empty seat. \ldblquote It was brilliant! And something in the water grabbed me and pushed me back in the boat!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Cool!\rdblquote  said Colin, just as excitedly. \ldblquote It was probably the giant squid, Dennis!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Wow\i0 !\rdblquote  said Dennis, as though nobody in their wildest dreams could hope for more than being thrown into a storm-tossed, fath\-oms-deep lake, and pushed out of it again by a giant sea monster.\par
\ldblquote Dennis! Dennis! See that boy down there? The one with the black hair and glasses? See him? \i Know who he is, Dennis\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
Harry looked away, staring very hard at the Sorting Hat, now Sorting Emma Dobbs.\par
The Sorting continued; boys and girls with varying degrees of fright on their faces moving one by one to the three-legged stool, the line dwindling slowly as Professor McGonagall passed the L\rquote s.\par
\ldblquote Oh hurry up,\rdblquote  Ron moaned, massaging his stomach.\par
\ldblquote Now, Ron, the Sorting\rquote s much more important than food,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick as \ldblquote Madley, Laura!\rdblquote  became a Hufflepuff.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Course it is, if you\rquote re dead,\rdblquote  snapped Ron.\par
\ldblquote I do hope this year\rquote s batch of Gryffindors are up to scratch,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick, applauding as \ldblquote McDonald, Natalie!\rdblquote  joined the Gryffindor table. \ldblquote We don\rquote t want to break our winning streak, do we?\rdblquote\par
Gryffindor had won the Inter-House Championship for the last three years in a row.\par
\ldblquote Pritchard, Graham!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote SLYTHERIN!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Quirke, Orla!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote RAVENCLAW!\rdblquote\par
And finally, with \ldblquote Whitby, Kevin!\rdblquote  (\ldblquote HUFFLEPUFF!\rdblquote ), the Sorting ended. Professor McGonagall picked up the hat and the stool and carried them away.\par
\ldblquote About time,\rdblquote  said Ron, seizing his knife and fork and looking expectantly at his golden plate.\par
Professor Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was smiling around at the students, his arms opened wide in welcome.\par
\ldblquote I have only two words to say to you,\rdblquote  he told them, his deep voice echoing around the Hall. \ldblquote\i Tuck in.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hear, hear!\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron loudly as the empty dishes filled magically before their eyes.\par
Nearly Headless Nick watched mournfully as Harry, Ron, and Hermione loaded their own plates.\par
\ldblquote Aaah, \rquote at\rquote s be\rquote er,\rdblquote  said Ron, with his mouth full of mashed potato.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re lucky there\rquote s a feast at all tonight, you know,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick. \ldblquote There was trouble in the kitchens earlier.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why? Wha\rquote  \rquote appened?\rdblquote  said Harry, through a sizable chunk of steak.\par
\ldblquote Peeves, of course,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick, shaking his head, which wobbled dangerously. He pulled his ruff a little higher up on his neck. \ldblquote The usual argument, you know. He wanted to attend the feast \emdash  well, it\rquote s quite out of the question, you know what he\rquote s like, utterly uncivilized, can\rquote t see a plate of food without throwing it. We held a ghost\rquote s council \emdash  the Fat Friar was all for giving him the chance \emdash  but most wisely, in my opinion, the Bloody Baron put his foot down.\rdblquote\par
The Bloody Baron was the Slytherin ghost, a gaunt and silent specter covered in silver bloodstains. He was the only person at Hogwarts who could really control Peeves.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, we thought Peeves seemed hacked off about something,\rdblquote  said Ron darkly. \ldblquote So what did he do in the kitchens?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh the usual,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick, shrugging. \ldblquote Wreaked havoc and mayhem. Pots and pans everywhere. Place swimming in soup. Terrified the house-elves out of their wits \emdash\rdblquote\par
\i Clang.\i0\par
Hermione had knocked over her golden goblet. Pumpkin juice spread steadily over the tablecloth, staining several feet of white linen orange, but Hermione paid no attention.\par
\ldblquote There are house-elves \i here\i0 ?\rdblquote  she said, staring, horror-struck, at Nearly Headless Nick. \ldblquote Here at \i Hogwarts\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Certainly,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick, looking surprised at her reaction. \ldblquote The largest number in any dwelling in Britain, I believe. Over a hundred.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve never seen one!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Well, they hardly ever leave the kitchen by day, do they?\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick. \ldblquote They come out at night to do a bit of cleaning \'85 see to the fires and so on. \'85 I mean, you\rquote re not sup\-posed to see them, are you? That\rquote s the mark of a good house-elf, isn\rquote t it, that you don\rquote t know it\rquote s there?\rdblquote\par
Hermione stared at him.\par
\ldblquote But they get \i paid\i0 ?\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote They get \i holidays,\i0  don\rquote t they? And \emdash  and sick leave, and pensions, and everything?\rdblquote\par
Nearly Headless Nick chortled so much that his ruff slipped and his head flopped off, dangling on the inch or so of ghostly skin and muscle that still attached it to his neck.\par
\ldblquote Sick leave and pensions?\rdblquote  he said, pushing his head back onto his shoulders and securing it once more with his ruff. \ldblquote House-elves don\rquote t want sick leave and pensions!\rdblquote\par
Hermione looked down at her hardly touched plate of food, then put her knife and fork down upon it and pushed it away from her.\par
\ldblquote Oh c\rquote mon, \rquote Er-my-knee,\rdblquote  said Ron, accidentally spraying Harry with bits of Yorkshire pudding. \ldblquote Oops \emdash  sorry, \rquote Arry \emdash\rdblquote  He swallowed. \ldblquote You won\rquote t get them sick leave by starving yourself!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Slave labor,\rdblquote  said Hermione, breathing hard through her nose. \ldblquote That\rquote s what made this dinner. \i Slave labor.\i0\rdblquote\par
And she refused to eat another bite.\par
The rain was still drumming heavily against the high, dark glass. Another clap of thunder shook the windows, and the stormy ceiling flashed, illuminating the golden plates as the remains of the first course vanished and were replaced, instantly, with puddings.\par
\ldblquote Treacle tart, Hermione!\rdblquote  said Ron, deliberately wafting its smell toward her. \ldblquote Spotted dick, look! Chocolate gateau!\rdblquote\par
But Hermione gave him a look so reminiscent of Professor McGonagall that he gave up.\par
When the puddings too had been demolished, and the last crumbs had faded off the plates, leaving them sparkling clean, Albus Dumbledore got to his feet again. The buzz of chatter filling the Hall ceased almost at once, so that only the howling wind and pounding rain could be heard.\par
\ldblquote So!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling around at them all. \ldblquote Now that we are all fed and watered,\rdblquote  (\ldblquote Hmph!\rdblquote  said Hermione) \ldblquote I must once more ask for your attention, while I give out a few notices.\par
\ldblquote Mr. Filch, the caretaker, has asked me to tell you that the list of objects forbidden inside the castle has this year been extended to include Screaming Yo-yos, Fanged Frisbees, and Ever-Bashing Boomerangs. The full list comprises some four hundred and thirty-seven items, I believe, and can be viewed in Mr. Filch\rquote s office, if anybody would like to check it.\rdblquote\par
The corners of Dumbledore\rquote s mouth twitched. He continued, \ldblquote As ever, I would like to remind you all that the forest on the grounds is out-of-bounds to students, as is the village of Hogs\-meade to all below third year.\par
\ldblquote It is also my painful duty to inform you that the Inter-House Quidditch Cup will not take place this year.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  Harry gasped. He looked around at Fred and George, his fellow members of the Quidditch team. They were mouthing soundlessly at Dumbledore, apparently too appalled to speak. Dumbledore went on, \ldblquote This is due to an event that will be starting in October, and continuing throughout the school year, taking up much of the teachers\rquote  time and energy \emdash  but I am sure you will all enjoy it immensely. I have great pleasure in announcing that this year at Hogwarts \emdash\rdblquote\par
But at that moment, there was a deafening rumble of thunder and the doors of the Great Hall banged open.\par
A man stood in the doorway, leaning upon a long staff, shrouded in a black traveling cloak. Every head in the Great Hall swiveled toward the stranger, suddenly brightly illuminated by a fork of lightning that flashed across the ceiling. He lowered his hood, shook out a long mane of grizzled, dark gray hair, then be\-gan to walk up toward the teachers\rquote  table.\par
A dull \i clunk\i0  echoed through the Hall on his every other step. He reached the end of the top table, turned right, and limped heavily toward Dumbledore. Another flash of lightning crossed the ceiling. Hermione gasped.\par
The lightning had thrown the man\rquote s face into sharp relief, and it was a face unlike any Harry had ever seen. It looked as though it had been carved out of weathered wood by someone who had only the vaguest idea of what human faces are supposed to look like, and was none too skilled with a chisel. Every inch of skin seemed to be scarred. The mouth looked like a diagonal gash, and a large chunk of the nose was missing. But it was the man\rquote s eyes that made him frightening.\par
One of them was small, dark, and beady. The other was large, round as a coin, and a vivid, electric blue. The blue eye was moving ceaselessly, without blinking, and was rolling up, down, and from side to side, quite independently of the normal eye \emdash  and then it rolled right over, pointing into the back of the man\rquote s head, so that all they could see was whiteness.\par
The stranger reached Dumbledore. He stretched out a hand that was as badly scarred as his face, and Dumbledore shook it, mutter\-ing words Harry couldn\rquote t hear. He seemed to be making some in\-quiry of the stranger, who shook his head unsmilingly and replied in an undertone. Dumbledore nodded and gestured the man to the empty seat on his right-hand side.\par
The stranger sat down, shook his mane of dark gray hair out of his face, pulled a plate of sausages toward him, raised it to what was left of his nose, and sniffed it. He then took a small knife out of his pocket, speared a sausage on the end of it, and began to eat. His normal eye was fixed upon the sausages, but the blue eye was still darting restlessly around in its socket, taking in the Hall and the students.\par
\ldblquote May I introduce our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore brightly into the silence. \ldblquote Professor Moody.\rdblquote\par
It was usual for new staff members to be greeted with applause, but none of the staff or students clapped except Dumbledore and Hagrid, who both put their hands together and applauded, but the sound echoed dismally into the silence, and they stopped fairly quickly. Everyone else seemed too transfixed by Moody\rquote s bizarre appearance to do more than stare at him.\par
\ldblquote Moody?\rdblquote  Harry muttered to Ron. \ldblquote\i Mad-Eye Moody\i0 ? The one your dad went to help this morning?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Must be,\rdblquote  said Ron in a low, awed voice.\par
\ldblquote What happened to him?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote What hap\-pened to his \i face\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  Ron whispered back, watching Moody with fasci\-nation.\par
Moody seemed totally indifferent to his less-than-warm wel\-come. Ignoring the jug of pumpkin juice in front of him, he reached again into his traveling cloak, pulled out a hip flask, and took a long draught from it. As he lifted his arm to drink, his cloak was pulled a few inches from the ground, and Harry saw, below the table, several inches of carved wooden leg, ending in a clawed foot.\par
Dumbledore cleared his throat.\par
\ldblquote As I was saying,\rdblquote  he said, smiling at the sea of students before him, all of whom were still gazing transfixed at Mad-Eye Moody, \ldblquote we are to have the honor of hosting a very exciting event over the coming months, an event that has not been held for over a century. It is my very great pleasure to inform you that the Triwizard Tour\-nament will be taking place at Hogwarts this year.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re JOKING!\rdblquote  said Fred Weasley loudly.\par
The tension that had filled the Hall ever since Moody\rquote s arrival suddenly broke. Nearly everyone laughed, and Dumbledore chuck\-led appreciatively.\par
\ldblquote I am \i not\i0  joking, Mr. Weasley,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote though now that you mention it, I did hear an excellent one over the summer about a troll, a hag, and a leprechaun who all go into a bar \'85\rdblquote\par
Professor McGonagall cleared her throat loudly.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  but maybe this is not the time \'85 no \'85\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore, \ldblquote where was I? Ah yes, the Triwizard Tournament \'85 well, some of you will not know what this tournament involves, so I hope those who \i do \i0 know will forgive me for giving a short expla\-nation, and allow their attention to wander freely.\par
\ldblquote The Triwizard Tournament was first established some seven hundred years ago as a friendly competition between the three largest European schools of wizardry: Hogwarts, Beauxbatons, and Durmstrang. A champion was selected to represent each school, and the three champions competed in three magical tasks. The schools took it in turns to host the tournament once every five years, and it was generally agreed to be a most excellent way of es\-tablishing ties between young witches and wizards of different na\-tionalities \emdash  until, that is, the death toll mounted so high that the tournament was discontinued.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Death toll\i0 ?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered, looking alarmed. But her anxiety did not seem to be shared by the majority of students in the Hall; many of them were whispering excitedly to one another, and Harry himself was far more interested in hearing about the tourna\-ment than in worrying about deaths that had happened hundreds of years ago.\par
\ldblquote There have been several attempts over the centuries to reinstate the tournament,\rdblquote  Dumbledore continued, \ldblquote none of which has been very successful. However, our own departments of Interna\-tional Magical Cooperation and Magical Games and Sports have decided the time is ripe for another attempt. We have worked hard over the summer to ensure that this time, no champion will find himself or herself in mortal danger.\par
\ldblquote The heads of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving with their short-listed contenders in October, and the selection of the three champions will take place at Halloween. An impartial judge will decide which students are most worthy to compete for the Triwizard Cup, the glory of their school, and a thousand Galleons personal prize money.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m going for it!\rdblquote  Fred Weasley hissed down the table, his face lit with enthusiasm at the prospect of such glory and riches. He was not the only person who seemed to be visualizing himself as the Hogwarts champion. At every House table, Harry could see people either gazing raptly at Dumbledore, or else whispering fervently to their neighbors. But then Dumbledore spoke again, and the Hall quieted once more.\par
\ldblquote Eager though I know all of you will be to bring the Triwizard Cup to Hogwarts,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote the heads of the participating schools, along with the Ministry of Magic, have agreed to impose an age restriction on contenders this year. Only students who are of age \emdash  that is to say, seventeen years or older \emdash  will be allowed to put for\-ward their names for consideration. This\rdblquote  \emdash  Dumbledore raised his voice slightly, for several people had made noises of outrage at these words, and the Weasley twins were suddenly looking furious \emdash  \ldblquote is a measure we feel is necessary, given that the tournament tasks will still be difficult and dangerous, whatever precautions we take, and it is highly unlikely that students below sixth and seventh year will be able to cope with them. I will personally be ensuring that no under\-age student hoodwinks our impartial judge into making them Hog\-warts champion.\rdblquote  His light blue eyes twinkled as they flickered over Fred\rquote s and George\rquote s mutinous faces. \ldblquote I therefore beg you not to waste your time submitting yourself if you are under seventeen.\par
\ldblquote The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be ar\-riving in October and remaining with us for the greater part of this year. I know that you will all extend every courtesy to our foreign guests while they are with us, and will give your whole-hearted sup\-port to the Hogwarts champion when he or she is selected. And now, it is late, and I know how important it is to you all to be alert and rested as you enter your lessons tomorrow morning. Bedtime! Chop chop!\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore sat down again and turned to talk to Mad-Eye Moody. There was a great scraping and banging as all the students got to their feet and swarmed toward the double doors into the en\-trance hall.\par
\ldblquote They can\rquote t do that!\rdblquote  said George Weasley, who had not joined the crowd moving toward the door, but was standing up and glar\-ing at Dumbledore. \ldblquote We\rquote re seventeen in April, why can\rquote t we have a shot?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re not stopping me entering,\rdblquote  said Fred stubbornly, also scowling at the top table. \ldblquote The champions\rquote ll get to do all sorts of stuff you\rquote d never be allowed to do normally. And a thousand Galleons prize money!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, a faraway look on his face. \ldblquote Yeah, a thousand Galleons \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come on,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote we\rquote ll be the only ones left here if you don\rquote t move.\rdblquote\par
Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George set off for the en\-trance hall, Fred and George debating the ways in which Dumble\-dore might stop those who were under seventeen from entering the tournament.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s this impartial judge who\rquote s going to decide who the champions are?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Fred, \ldblquote but it\rquote s them we\rquote ll have to fool. I reckon a couple of drops of Aging Potion might do it, George. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore knows you\rquote re not of age, though,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, but he\rquote s not the one who decides who the champion is, is he?\rdblquote  said Fred shrewdly. \ldblquote Sounds to me like once this judge knows who wants to enter, he\rquote ll choose the best from each school and never mind how old they are. Dumbledore\rquote s trying to stop us giv\-ing our names.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote People have died, though!\rdblquote  said Hermione in a worried voice as they walked through a door concealed behind a tapestry and started up another, narrower staircase.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Fred airily, \ldblquote but that was years ago, wasn\rquote t it? Any\-way, where\rquote s the fun without a bit of risk? Hey, Ron, what if we find out how to get \rquote round Dumbledore? Fancy entering?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon?\rdblquote  Ron asked Harry. \ldblquote Be cool to enter, wouldn\rquote t it? But I s\rquote pose they might want someone older. \'85 Dunno if we\rquote ve learned enough. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I definitely haven\rquote t,\rdblquote  came Neville\rquote s gloomy voice from behind Fred and George.\par
\ldblquote I expect my gran\rquote d want me to try, though. She\rquote s always going on about how I should be upholding the family honor. I\rquote ll just have to \emdash  oops. \'85\rdblquote\par
Neville\rquote s foot had sunk right through a step halfway up the staircase. There were many of these trick stairs at Hogwarts; it was second nature to most of the older students to jump this particu\-lar step, but Neville\rquote s memory was notoriously poor. Harry and Ron seized him under the armpits and pulled him out, while a suit of armor at the top of the stairs creaked and clanked, laughing wheezily.\par
\ldblquote Shut it, you,\rdblquote  said Ron, banging down its visor as they passed.\par
They made their way up to the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, which was concealed behind a large portrait of a fat lady in a pink silk dress.\par
\ldblquote Password?\rdblquote  she said as they approached.\par
\ldblquote Balderdash,\rdblquote  said George, \ldblquote a prefect downstairs told me.\rdblquote\par
The portrait swung forward to reveal a hole in the wall through which they all climbed. A crackling fire warmed the circular com\-mon room, which was full of squashy armchairs and tables. Her\-mione cast the merrily dancing flames a dark look, and Harry distinctly heard her mutter \ldblquote\i Slave labor,\i0\rdblquote  before bidding them good night and disappearing through the doorway to the girls\rquote  dormitory.\par
Harry, Ron, and Neville climbed up the last, spiral staircase un\-til they reached their own dormitory, which was situated at the top of the tower. Five four-poster beds with deep crimson hangings stood against the walls, each with its owner\rquote s trunk at the foot. Dean and Seamus were already getting into bed; Seamus had pinned his Ireland rosette to his headboard, and Dean had tacked up a poster of Viktor Krum over his bedside table. His old poster of the West Ham football team was pinned right next to it.\par
\ldblquote Mental,\rdblquote  Ron sighed, shaking his head at the completely sta\-tionary soccer players.\par
Harry, Ron, and Neville got into their pajamas and into bed. Someone \emdash  a house-elf, no doubt \emdash  had placed warming pans between the sheets. It was extremely comfortable, lying there in bed and listening to the storm raging outside.\par
\ldblquote I might go in for it, you know,\rdblquote  Ron said sleepily through the darkness, \ldblquote if Fred and George find out how to \'85 the tourna\-ment \'85 you never know, do you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote S\rquote pose not. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry rolled over in bed, a series of dazzling new pictures form\-ing in his mind\rquote s eye. \'85 He had hoodwinked the impartial judge into believing he was seventeen \'85 he had become Hogwarts champion \'85 he was standing on the grounds, his arms raised in triumph in front of the whole school, all of whom were applauding and screaming \'85 he had just won the Triwizard Tournament. \'85 Cho\rquote s face stood out particularly clearly in the blurred crowd, her face glowing with admiration. \'85\par
Harry grinned into his pillow, exceptionally glad that Ron couldn\rquote t see what he could.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 13\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Mad-Eye Moody\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
The storm had blown itself out by the following morning, though the ceiling in the Great Hall was still gloomy; heavy clouds of pewter gray swirled overhead as Harry, Ron, and Hermi\-one examined their new course schedules at breakfast. A few seats along, Fred, George, and Lee Jordan were discussing magical meth\-ods of aging themselves and bluffing their way into the Triwizard Tournament.\par
\ldblquote Today\rquote s not bad \'85 outside all morning,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was running his finger down the Monday column of his schedule. \ldblquote Her\-bology with the Hufflepuffs and Care of Magical Creatures \'85 damn it, we\rquote re still with the Slytherins. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Double Divination this afternoon,\rdblquote  Harry groaned, looking down. Divination was his least favorite subject, apart from Potions. Professor Trelawney kept predicting Harry\rquote s death, which he found extremely annoying.\par
\ldblquote You should have given it up like me, shouldn\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Hermione briskly, buttering herself some toast. \ldblquote Then you\rquote d be do\-ing something sensible like Arithmancy.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re eating again, I notice,\rdblquote  said Ron, watching Hermione adding liberal amounts of jam to her toast too.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve decided there are better ways of making a stand about elf rights,\rdblquote  said Hermione haughtily.\par
\ldblquote Yeah \'85 and you were hungry,\rdblquote  said Ron, grinning.\par
There was a sudden rustling noise above them, and a hundred owls came soaring through the open windows carrying the morning mail. Instinctively, Harry looked up, but there was no sign of white among the mass of brown and gray. The owls circled the tables, look\-ing for the people to whom their letters and packages were ad\-dressed. A large tawny owl soared down to Neville Longbottom and deposited a parcel into his lap \emdash  Neville almost always forgot to pack something. On the other side of the Hall Draco Malfoy\rquote s eagle owl had landed on his shoulder, carrying what looked like his usual supply of sweets and cakes from home. Trying to ignore the sinking feeling of disappointment in his stomach, Harry returned to his por\-ridge. Was it possible that something had happened to Hedwig, and that Sirius hadn\rquote t even got his letter?\par
His preoccupation lasted all the way across the sodden vegetable patch until they arrived in greenhouse three, but here he was dis\-tracted by Professor Sprout showing the class the ugliest plants Harry had ever seen. Indeed, they looked less like plants than thick, black, giant slugs, protruding vertically out of the soil. Each was squirming slightly and had a number of large, shiny swellings upon it, which appeared to be full of liquid.\par
\ldblquote Bubotubers,\rdblquote  Professor Sprout told them briskly. \ldblquote They need squeezing. You will collect the pus \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The \i what\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Seamus Finnigan, sounding revolted.\par
\ldblquote Pus, Finnigan, pus,\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout, \ldblquote and it\rquote s extremely valuable, so don\rquote t waste it. You will collect the pus, I say, in these bottles. Wear your dragon-hide gloves; it can do funny things to the skin when undiluted, bubotuber pus.\rdblquote\par
Squeezing the bubotubers was disgusting, but oddly satisfying. As each swelling was popped, a large amount of thick yellowish-green liquid burst forth, which smelled strongly of petrol. They caught it in the bottles as Professor Sprout had indicated, and by the end of the lesson had collected several pints.\par
\ldblquote This\rquote ll keep Madam Pomfrey happy,\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout, stoppering the last bottle with a cork. \ldblquote An excellent remedy for the more stubborn forms of acne, bubotuber pus. Should stop students resorting to desperate measures to rid themselves of pimples.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Like poor Eloise Midgen,\rdblquote  said Hannah Abbott, a Hufflepuff, in a hushed voice. \ldblquote She tried to curse hers off.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Silly girl,\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout, shaking her head. \ldblquote But Madam Pomfrey fixed her nose back on in the end.\rdblquote\par
A booming bell echoed from the castle across the wet grounds, signaling the end of the lesson, and the class separated; the Huf\-flepuffs climbing the stone steps for Transfiguration, and the Gryffindors heading in the other direction, down the sloping lawn toward Hagrid\rquote s small wooden cabin, which stood on the edge of the Forbidden Forest.\par
Hagrid was standing outside his hut, one hand on the collar of his enormous black boarhound, Fang. There were several open wooden crates on the ground at his feet, and Fang was whimpering and straining at his collar, apparently keen to investigate the con\-tents more closely. As they drew nearer, an odd rattling noise reached their ears, punctuated by what sounded like minor explosions.\par
\ldblquote Mornin\rquote !\rdblquote  Hagrid said, grinning at Harry, Ron, and Hermione. \ldblquote Be\rquote er wait fer the Slytherins, they won\rquote  want ter miss this \emdash  Blast-Ended Skrewts!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come again?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
Hagrid pointed down into the crates.\par
\ldblquote Eurgh!\rdblquote  squealed Lavender Brown, jumping backward.\par
\ldblquote Eurgh\rdblquote  just about summed up the Blast-Ended Skrewts in Harry\rquote s opinion. They looked like deformed, shell-less lobsters, horribly pale and slimy-looking, with legs sticking out in very odd places and no visible heads. There were about a hundred of them in each crate, each about six inches long, crawling over one another, bumping blindly into the sides of the boxes. They were giving off a very powerful smell of rotting fish. Every now and then, sparks would fly out of the end of a skrewt, and with a small \i phut,\i0  it would be propelled forward several inches.\par
\ldblquote On\rquote y jus\rquote  hatched,\rdblquote  said Hagrid proudly, \ldblquote so yeh\rquote ll be able ter raise \rquote em yerselves! Thought we\rquote d make a bit of a project of it!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And why would we \i want\i0  to raise them?\rdblquote  said a cold voice.\par
The Slytherins had arrived. The speaker was Draco Malfoy. Crabbe and Goyle were chuckling appreciatively at his words.\par
Hagrid looked stumped at the question.\par
\ldblquote I mean, what do they \i do\i0 ?\rdblquote  asked Malfoy. \ldblquote What is the \i point\i0  of them?\rdblquote\par
Hagrid opened his mouth, apparently thinking hard; there was a few seconds\rquote  pause, then he said roughly, \ldblquote Tha\rquote s next lesson, Mal\-foy. Yer jus\rquote  feedin\rquote  \rquote em today. Now, yeh\rquote ll wan\rquote  ter try \rquote em on a few diff\rquote rent things \emdash  I\rquote ve never had \rquote em before, not sure what they\rquote ll go fer \emdash  I got ant eggs an\rquote  frog livers an\rquote  a bit o\rquote  grass snake \emdash  just try \rquote em out with a bit of each.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote First pus and now this,\rdblquote  muttered Seamus.\par
Nothing but deep affection for Hagrid could have made Harry, Ron, and Hermione pick up squelchy handfuls of frog liver and lower them into the crates to tempt the Blast-Ended Skrewts. Harry couldn\rquote t suppress the suspicion that the whole thing was entirely pointless, because the skrewts didn\rquote t seem to have mouths.\par
\ldblquote\i Ouch\i0 !\rdblquote  yelled Dean Thomas after about ten minutes. \ldblquote It got me!\par
Hagrid hurried over to him, looking anxious.\par
\ldblquote Its end exploded!\rdblquote  said Dean angrily, showing Hagrid a burn on his hand.\par
\ldblquote Ah, yeah, that can happen when they blast off,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, nodding.\par
\ldblquote Eurgh!\rdblquote  said Lavender Brown again. \ldblquote Eurgh, Hagrid, what\rquote s that pointy thing on it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, some of \rquote em have got stings,\rdblquote  said Hagrid enthusiastically (Lavender quickly withdrew her hand from the box). \ldblquote I reckon they\rquote re the males. \'85 The females\rquote ve got sorta sucker things on their bellies. \'85 I think they might be ter suck blood.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, I can certainly see why we\rquote re trying to keep them alive,\rdblquote  said Malfoy sarcastically. \ldblquote Who wouldn\rquote t want pets that can burn, sting, and bite all at once?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Just because they\rquote re not very pretty, it doesn\rquote t mean they\rquote re not useful,\rdblquote  Hermione snapped. \ldblquote Dragon blood\rquote s amazingly magical, but you wouldn\rquote t want a dragon for a pet, would you?\rdblquote\par
Harry and Ron grinned at Hagrid, who gave them a furtive smile from behind his bushy beard. Hagrid would have liked nothing better than a pet dragon, as Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew only too well \emdash  he had owned one for a brief period during their first year, a vicious Norwegian Ridgeback by the name of Norbert. Hagrid simply loved monstrous creatures, the more lethal, the better.\par
\ldblquote Well, at least the skrewts are small,\rdblquote  said Ron as they made their way back up to the castle for lunch an hour later.\par
\ldblquote They are \i now,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione in an exasperated voice, \ldblquote but once Hagrid\rquote s found out what they eat, I expect they\rquote ll be six feet long.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, that won\rquote t matter if they turn out to cure seasickness or something, will it?\rdblquote  said Ron, grinning slyly at her.\par
\ldblquote You know perfectly well I only said that to shut Malfoy up,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote As a matter of fact I think he\rquote s right. The best thing to do would be to stamp on the lot of them before they start attacking us all.\rdblquote\par
They sat down at the Gryffindor table and helped themselves to lamb chops and potatoes. Hermione began to eat so fast that Harry and Ron stared at her.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  is this the new stand on elf rights?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You\rquote re go\-ing to make yourself puke instead?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Hermione, with as much dignity as she could muster with her mouth bulging with sprouts. \ldblquote I just want to get to the library.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Ron in disbelief. \ldblquote Hermione \emdash  it\rquote s the first day back! We haven\rquote t even got homework yet!\rdblquote\par
Hermione shrugged and continued to shovel down her food as though she had not eaten for days. Then she leapt to her feet, said, \ldblquote See you at dinner!\rdblquote  and departed at high speed.\par
When the bell rang to signal the start of afternoon lessons, Harry and Ron set off for North Tower where, at the top of a tightly spiraling staircase, a silver stepladder led to a circular trap\-door in the ceiling, and the room where Professor Trelawney lived.\par
The familiar sweet perfume spreading from the fire met their nostrils as they emerged at the top of the stepladder. As ever, the curtains were all closed; the circular room was bathed in a dim red\-dish light cast by the many lamps, which were all draped with scarves and shawls. Harry and Ron walked through the mass of occupied chintz chairs and poufs that cluttered the room, and sat down at the same small circular table.\par
\ldblquote Good day,\rdblquote  said the misty voice of Professor Trelawney right behind Harry, making him jump.\par
A very thin woman with enormous glasses that made her eyes appear far too large for her face, Professor Trelawney was peering down at Harry with the tragic expression she always wore whenever she saw him. The usual large amount of beads, chains, and bangles glittered upon her person in the firelight.\par
\ldblquote You are preoccupied, my dear,\rdblquote  she said mournfully to Harry. \ldblquote My inner eye sees past your brave face to the troubled soul within. And I regret to say that your worries are not baseless. I see difficult times ahead for you, alas \'85 most difficult \'85 I fear the thing you dread will indeed come to pass \'85 and perhaps sooner than you think. \'85\rdblquote\par
Her voice dropped almost to a whisper. Ron rolled his eyes at Harry, who looked stonily back. Professor Trelawney swept past them and seated herself in a large winged armchair before the fire, facing the class. Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil, who deeply ad\-mired Professor Trelawney, were sitting on poufs very close to her.\par
\ldblquote My dears, it is time for us to consider the stars,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote The movements of the planets and the mysterious portents they reveal only to those who understand the steps of the celestial dance. Hu\-man destiny may be deciphered by the planetary rays, which intermingle \'85\rdblquote\par
But Harry\rquote s thoughts had drifted. The perfumed fire always made him feel sleepy and dull-witted, and Professor Trelawney\rquote s rambling talks on fortune-telling never held him exactly spell\-bound \emdash  though he couldn\rquote t help thinking about what she had just said to him. \ldblquote  \lquote\i I fear the thing you dread will indeed come to pass\i0  \'85\rquote  \rdblquote\par
But Hermione was right, Harry thought irritably, Professor Trelawney really was an old fraud. He wasn\rquote t dreading anything at the moment at all \'85 well, unless you counted his fears that Sirius had been caught \'85 but what did Professor Trelawney know? He had long since come to the conclusion that her brand of fortune-telling was really no more than lucky guesswork and a spooky manner.\par
Except, of course, for that time at the end of last term, when she had made the prediction about Voldemort rising again \'85 and Dumbledore himself had said that he thought that trance had been genuine, when Harry had described it to him. \'85\par
\ldblquote\i Harry\i0 !\rdblquote  Ron muttered.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
Harry looked around; the whole class was staring at him. He sat up straight; he had been almost dozing off, lost in the heat and his thoughts.\par
\ldblquote I was saying, my dear, that you were clearly born under the baleful influence of Saturn,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, a faint note of resentment in her voice at the fact that he had obviously not been hanging on her words.\par
\ldblquote Born under \emdash  what, sorry?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Saturn, dear, the planet Saturn!\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, sounding definitely irritated that he wasn\rquote t riveted by this news. \ldblquote I was saying that Saturn was surely in a position of power in the heavens at the moment of your birth. \'85 Your dark hair \'85 your mean stature \'85 tragic losses so young in life \'85 I think I am right in saying, my dear, that you were born in midwinter?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote I was born in July.\rdblquote\par
Ron hastily turned his laugh into a hacking cough.\par
Half an hour later, each of them had been given a complicated circular chart, and was attempting to fill in the position of the planets at their moment of birth. It was dull work, requiring much consultation of timetables and calculation of angles.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve got two Neptunes here,\rdblquote  said Harry after a while, frowning down at his piece of parchment, \ldblquote that can\rquote t be right, can it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Aaaaah,\rdblquote  said Ron, imitating Professor Trelawney\rquote s mystical whisper, \ldblquote when two Neptunes appear in the sky, it is a sure sign that a midget in glasses is being born, Harry \'85\rdblquote\par
Seamus and Dean, who were working nearby, sniggered loudly, though not loudly enough to mask the excited squeals from Laven\-der Brown \emdash  \ldblquote Oh Professor, look! I think I\rquote ve got an unaspected planet! Oooh, which one\rquote s that, Professor?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It is Uranus, my dear,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, peering down at the chart.\par
\ldblquote Can I have a look at Uranus too, Lavender?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
Most unfortunately, Professor Trelawney heard him, and it was this, perhaps, that made her give them so much homework at the end of the class.\par
\ldblquote A detailed analysis of the way the planetary movements in the coming month will affect you, with reference to your personal chart,\rdblquote  she snapped, sounding much more like Professor McGona\-gall than her usual airy-fairy self. \ldblquote I want it ready to hand in next Monday, and no excuses!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Miserable old bat,\rdblquote  said Ron bitterly as they joined the crowds descending the staircases back to the Great Hall and dinner. \ldblquote That\rquote ll take all weekend, that will. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Lots of homework?\rdblquote  said Hermione brightly, catching up with them. \ldblquote Professor Vector didn\rquote t give \i us\i0  any at all!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, bully for Professor Vector,\rdblquote  said Ron moodily.\par
They reached the entrance hall, which was packed with people queuing for dinner. They had just joined the end of the line, when a loud voice rang out behind them.\par
\ldblquote Weasley! Hey, Weasley!\rdblquote\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were standing there, each looking thoroughly pleased about something.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron shortly.\par
\ldblquote Your dad\rquote s in the paper, Weasley!\rdblquote  said Malfoy, brandishing a copy of the \i Daily Prophet\i0  and speaking very loudly, so that every\-one in the packed entrance hall could hear. \ldblquote Listen to this!\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc FURTHER MISTAKES AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj It seems as though the Ministry of Magic\rquote s troubles are not yet at an end, \i writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent.\i0   Recently under fire for its poor crowd control at the Quidditch World Cup, and still unable to account for the disappearance of one of its witches, the Ministry was plunged into fresh embarrassment yesterday by the antics of Arnold Weasley, of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office.\rdblquote\par
\par
Malfoy looked up.\par
\ldblquote Imagine them not even getting his name right, Weasley. It\rquote s almost as though he\rquote s a complete nonentity, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  he crowed.\par
Everyone in the entrance hall was listening now. Malfoy straightened the paper with a flourish and read on:\par
\par
Arnold Weasley, who was charged with possession of a flying car two years ago, was yesterday involved in a tussle with several Muggle law-keepers (\ldblquote policemen\rdblquote ) over a number of highly aggressive dustbins. Mr. Weasley appears to have rushed to the aid of \ldblquote Mad-Eye\rdblquote  Moody, the aged ex-Auror who retired from the Ministry when no longer able to tell the difference between a handshake and at\-tempted murder. Unsurprisingly, Mr. Weasley found, upon arrival at Mr. Moody\rquote s heavily guarded house, that Mr. Moody had once again raised a false alarm. Mr. Weasley was forced to modify several memories before he could escape from the policemen, but refused to answer \i Daily Prophet\i0  questions about why he had involved the Ministry in such an undignified and potentially embarrassing scene.\par
\par
\ldblquote And there\rquote s a picture, Weasley!\rdblquote  said Malfoy, flipping the paper over and holding it up. \ldblquote A picture of your parents outside their house \emdash  if you can call it a house! Your mother could do with los\-ing a bit of weight, couldn\rquote t she?\rdblquote\par
Ron was shaking with fury. Everyone was staring at him.\par
\ldblquote Get stuffed, Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote C\rquote mon, Ron. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh yeah, you were staying with them this summer, weren\rquote t you, Potter?\rdblquote  sneered Malfoy. \ldblquote So tell me, is his mother really that porky, or is it just the picture?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You know \i your\i0  mother, Malfoy?\rdblquote  said Harry \emdash  both he and Hermione had grabbed the back of Ron\rquote s robes to stop him from launching himself at Malfoy \emdash  \ldblquote that expression she\rquote s got, like she\rquote s got dung under her nose? Has she always looked like that, or was it just because you were with her?\rdblquote\par
Malfoy\rquote s pale face went slightly pink.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t you dare insult my mother, Potter.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Keep your fat mouth shut, then,\rdblquote  said Harry, turning away.\par
BANG!\par
Several people screamed \emdash  Harry felt something white-hot graze the side of his face \emdash  he plunged his hand into his robes for his wand, but before he\rquote d even touched it, he heard a second loud BANG, and a roar that echoed through the entrance hall.\par
\ldblquote OH NO YOU DON\rquote T, LADDIE!\rdblquote\par
Harry spun around. Professor Moody was limping down the marble staircase. His wand was out and it was pointing right at a pure white ferret, which was shivering on the stone-flagged floor, exactly where Malfoy had been standing.\par
There was a terrified silence in the entrance hall. Nobody but Moody was moving a muscle. Moody turned to look at Harry \emdash  at least, his normal eye was looking at Harry; the other one was pointing into the back of his head.\par
\ldblquote Did he get you?\rdblquote  Moody growled. His voice was low and gravelly.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote missed.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote LEAVE IT!\rdblquote  Moody shouted.\par
\ldblquote Leave \emdash  what?\rdblquote  Harry said, bewildered.\par
\ldblquote Not you \emdash  him!\rdblquote  Moody growled, jerking his thumb over his shoulder at Crabbe, who had just frozen, about to pick up the white ferret. It seemed that Moody\rquote s rolling eye was magical and could see out of the back of his head.\par
Moody started to limp toward Crabbe, Goyle, and the ferret, which gave a terrified squeak and took off, streaking toward the dungeons.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so!\rdblquote  roared Moody, pointing his wand at the ferret again \emdash  it flew ten feet into the air, fell with a smack to the floor, and then bounced upward once more.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t like people who attack when their opponent\rquote s back\rquote s turned,\rdblquote  growled Moody as the ferret bounced higher and higher, squealing in pain. \ldblquote Stinking, cowardly, scummy thing to do. \'85\rdblquote\par
The ferret flew through the air, its legs and tail flailing helplessly.\par
\ldblquote Never \emdash  do \emdash  that \emdash  again \emdash\rdblquote  said Moody, speaking each word as the ferret hit the stone floor and bounced upward again.\par
\ldblquote Professor Moody!\rdblquote  said a shocked voice.\par
Professor McGonagall was coming down the marble staircase with her arms full of books.\par
\ldblquote Hello, Professor McGonagall,\rdblquote  said Moody calmly, bouncing the ferret still higher.\par
\ldblquote What \emdash  what are you doing?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, her eyes following the bouncing ferret\rquote s progress through the air.\par
\ldblquote Teaching,\rdblquote  said Moody.\par
\ldblquote Teach \emdash  Moody, \i is that a student\i0 ?\rdblquote  shrieked Professor McGo\-nagall, the books spilling out of her arms.\par
\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Moody.\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  cried Professor McGonagall, running down the stairs and pulling out her wand; a moment later, with a loud snapping noise, Draco Malfoy had reappeared, lying in a heap on the floor with his sleek blond hair all over his now brilliantly pink face. He got to his feet, wincing.\par
\ldblquote Moody, we \i never\i0  use Transfiguration as a punishment!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall weakly. \ldblquote Surely Professor Dumbledore told you that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He might\rquote ve mentioned it, yeah,\rdblquote  said Moody, scratching his chin unconcernedly, \ldblquote but I thought a good sharp shock \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We give detentions, Moody! Or speak to the offender\rquote s Head of House!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll do that, then,\rdblquote  said Moody, staring at Malfoy with great dislike.\par
Malfoy, whose pale eyes were still watering with pain and hu\-miliation, looked malevolently up at Moody and muttered some\-thing in which the words \ldblquote my father\rdblquote  were distinguishable.\par
\ldblquote Oh yeah?\rdblquote  said Moody quietly, limping forward a few steps, the dull \i clunk\i0  of his wooden leg echoing around the hall. \ldblquote Well, I know your father of old, boy. \'85 You tell him Moody\rquote s keeping a close eye on his son \'85 you tell him that from me. \'85 Now, your Head of House\rquote ll be Snape, will it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Malfoy resentfully.\par
\ldblquote Another old friend,\rdblquote  growled Moody. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been looking for\-ward to a chat with old Snape. \'85 Come on, you. \'85\rdblquote\par
And he seized Malfoy\rquote s upper arm and marched him off toward the dungeons.\par
Professor McGonagall stared anxiously after them for a few mo\-ments, then waved her wand at her fallen books, causing them to soar up into the air and back into her arms.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t talk to me,\rdblquote  Ron said quietly to Harry and Hermione as they sat down at the Gryffindor table a few minutes later, sur\-rounded by excited talk on all sides about what had just happened.\par
\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote  said Hermione in surprise.\par
\ldblquote Because I want to fix that in my memory forever,\rdblquote  said Ron, his eyes closed and an uplifted expression on his face. \ldblquote Draco Malfoy, the amazing bouncing ferret \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry and Hermione both laughed, and Hermione began dol\-ing beef casserole onto each of their plates.\par
\ldblquote He could have really hurt Malfoy, though,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote It was good, really, that Professor McGonagall stopped it \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione!\rdblquote  said Ron furiously, his eyes snapping open again, \ldblquote you\rquote re ruining the best moment of my life!\rdblquote\par
Hermione made an impatient noise and began to eat at top speed again.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t tell me you\rquote re going back to the library this evening?\rdblquote  said Harry, watching her.\par
\ldblquote Got to,\rdblquote  said Hermione thickly. \ldblquote Loads to do.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But you told us Professor Vector \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not schoolwork,\rdblquote  she said. Within five minutes, she had cleared her plate and departed. No sooner had she gone than her seat was taken by Fred Weasley.\par
\ldblquote Moody!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote How cool is he?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Beyond cool,\rdblquote  said George, sitting down opposite Fred.\par
\ldblquote Supercool,\rdblquote  said the twins\rquote  best friend, Lee Jordan, sliding into the seat beside George. \ldblquote We had him this afternoon,\rdblquote  he told Harry and Ron.\par
\ldblquote What was it like?\rdblquote  said Harry eagerly.\par
Fred, George, and Lee exchanged looks full of meaning.\par
\ldblquote Never had a lesson like it,\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
\ldblquote He \i knows,\i0  man,\rdblquote  said Lee.\par
\ldblquote Knows what?\rdblquote  said Ron, leaning forward.\par
\ldblquote Knows what it\rquote s like to be out there \i doing\i0  it,\rdblquote  said George impressively.\par
\ldblquote Doing what?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Fighting the Dark Arts,\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s seen it all,\rdblquote  said George.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Mazing,\rdblquote  said Lee.\par
Ron dived into his bag for his schedule.\par
\ldblquote We haven\rquote t got him till Thursday!\rdblquote  he said in a disappointed voice.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 14\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Unforgivable Curses\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
The next two days passed without great incident, unless you counted Neville melting his sixth cauldron in Potions. Pro\-fessor Snape, who seemed to have attained new levels of vindictive\-ness over the summer, gave Neville detention, and Neville returned from it in a state of nervous collapse, having been made to disem\-bowel a barrel full of horned toads.\par
\ldblquote You know why Snape\rquote s in such a foul mood, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Ron to Harry as they watched Hermione teaching Neville a Scour\-ing Charm to remove the frog guts from under his fingernails.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Moody.\rdblquote\par
It was common knowledge that Snape really wanted the Dark Arts job, and he had now failed to get it for the fourth year run\-ning. Snape had disliked all of their previous Dark Arts teachers, and shown it \emdash  but he seemed strangely wary of displaying overt animosity to Mad-Eye Moody. Indeed, whenever Harry saw the two of them together \emdash  at mealtimes, or when they passed in the corridors \emdash  he had the distinct impression that Snape was avoid\-ing Moody\rquote s eye, whether magical or normal.\par
\ldblquote I reckon Snape\rquote s a bit scared of him, you know,\rdblquote  Harry said thoughtfully.\par
\ldblquote Imagine if Moody turned Snape into a horned toad,\rdblquote  said Ron, his eyes misting over, \ldblquote and bounced him all around his dungeon. \'85\rdblquote\par
The Gryffindor fourth years were looking forward to Moody\rquote s first lesson so much that they arrived early on Thursday lunchtime and queued up outside his classroom before the bell had even rung. The only person missing was Hermione, who turned up just in time for the lesson.\par
\ldblquote Been in the \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Library.\rdblquote  Harry finished her sentence for her. \ldblquote C\rquote mon, quick, or we won\rquote t get decent seats.\rdblquote\par
They hurried into three chairs right in front of the teacher\rquote s desk, took out their copies of \i The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection,\i0  and waited, unusually quiet. Soon they heard Moody\rquote s distinctive clunking footsteps coming down the corridor, and he entered the room, looking as strange and frightening as ever. They could just see his clawed, wooden foot protruding from under\-neath his robes.\par
\ldblquote You can put those away,\rdblquote  he growled, stumping over to his desk and sitting down, \ldblquote those books. You won\rquote t need them.\rdblquote\par
They returned the books to their bags, Ron looking excited.\par
Moody took out a register, shook his long mane of grizzled gray hair out of his twisted and scarred face, and began to call out names, his normal eye moving steadily down the list while his mag\-ical eye swiveled around, fixing upon each student as he or she answered.\par
\ldblquote Right then,\rdblquote  he said, when the last person had declared them\-selves present, \ldblquote I\rquote ve had a letter from Professor Lupin about this class. Seems you\rquote ve had a pretty thorough grounding in tackling Dark creatures \emdash  you\rquote ve covered boggarts, Red Caps, hinkypunks, grindylows, Kappas, and werewolves, is that right?\rdblquote\par
There was a general murmur of assent.\par
\ldblquote But you\rquote re behind \emdash  very behind \emdash  on dealing with curses,\rdblquote  said Moody. \ldblquote So I\rquote m here to bring you up to scratch on what wiz\-ards can do to each other. I\rquote ve got one year to teach you how to deal with Dark \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What, aren\rquote t you staying?\rdblquote  Ron blurted out.\par
Moody\rquote s magical eye spun around to stare at Ron; Ron looked extremely apprehensive, but after a moment Moody smiled \emdash  the first time Harry had seen him do so. The effect was to make his heavily scarred face look more twisted and contorted than ever, but it was nevertheless good to know that he ever did anything as friendly as smile. Ron looked deeply relieved.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll be Arthur Weasley\rquote s son, eh?\rdblquote  Moody said. \ldblquote Your father got me out of a very tight corner a few days ago. \'85 Yeah, I\rquote m stay\-ing just the one year. Special favor to Dumbledore. \'85 One year, and then back to my quiet retirement.\rdblquote\par
He gave a harsh laugh, and then clapped his gnarled hands together.\par
\ldblquote So \emdash  straight into it. Curses. They come in many strengths and forms. Now, according to the Ministry of Magic, I\rquote m supposed to teach you countercurses and leave it at that. I\rquote m not supposed to show you what illegal Dark curses look like until you\rquote re in the sixth year. You\rquote re not supposed to be old enough to deal with it till then. But Professor Dumbledore\rquote s got a higher opinion of your nerves, he reckons you can cope, and I say, the sooner you know what you\rquote re up against, the better. How are you supposed to defend yourself against something you\rquote ve never seen? A wizard who\rquote s about to put an illegal curse on you isn\rquote t going to tell you what he\rquote s about to do. He\rquote s not going to do it nice and polite to your face. You need to be prepared. You need to be alert and watchful. You need to put that away, Miss Brown, when I\rquote m talking.\rdblquote\par
Lavender jumped and blushed. She had been showing Parvati her completed horoscope under the desk. Apparently Moody\rquote s magical eye could see through solid wood, as well as out of the back of his head.\par
\ldblquote So \'85 do any of you know which curses are most heavily pun\-ished by wizarding law?\rdblquote\par
Several hands rose tentatively into the air, including Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s. Moody pointed at Ron, though his magical eye was still fixed on Lavender.\par
\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Ron tentatively, \ldblquote my dad told me about one. \'85 Is it called the Imperius Curse, or something?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, yes,\rdblquote  said Moody appreciatively. \ldblquote Your father \i would \i0 know that one. Gave the Ministry a lot of trouble at one time, the Im\-perius Curse.\rdblquote\par
Moody got heavily to his mismatched feet, opened his desk drawer, and took out a glass jar. Three large black spiders were scut\-tling around inside it. Harry felt Ron recoil slightly next to him \emdash  Ron hated spiders.\par
Moody reached into the jar, caught one of the spiders, and held it in the palm of his hand so that they could all see it. He then pointed his wand at it and muttered, \ldblquote\i Imperio\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The spider leapt from Moody\rquote s hand on a fine thread of silk and began to swing backward and forward as though on a trapeze. It stretched out its legs rigidly, then did a back flip, breaking the thread and landing on the desk, where it began to cartwheel in cir\-cles. Moody jerked his wand, and the spider rose onto two of its hind legs and went into what was unmistakably a tap dance.\par
Everyone was laughing \emdash  everyone except Moody.\par
\ldblquote Think it\rquote s funny, do you?\rdblquote  he growled. \ldblquote You\rquote d like it, would you, if I did it to you?\rdblquote\par
The laughter died away almost instantly.\par
\ldblquote Total control,\rdblquote  said Moody quietly as the spider balled itself up and began to roll over and over. \ldblquote I could make it jump out of the window, drown itself, throw itself down one of your throats \'85\rdblquote\par
Ron gave an involuntary shudder.\par
\ldblquote Years back, there were a lot of witches and wizards being con\-trolled by the Imperius Curse,\rdblquote  said Moody, and Harry knew he was talking about the days in which Voldemort had been all-pow\-erful. \ldblquote Some job for the Ministry, trying to sort out who was being forced to act, and who was acting of their own free will.\par
\ldblquote The Imperius Curse can be fought, and I\rquote ll be teaching you how, but it takes real strength of character, and not everyone\rquote s got it. Better avoid being hit with it if you can. CONSTANT VIGILANCE!\rdblquote  he barked, and everyone jumped.\par
Moody picked up the somersaulting spider and threw it back into the jar.\par
\ldblquote Anyone else know one? Another illegal curse?\rdblquote\par
Hermione\rquote s hand flew into the air again and so, to Harry\rquote s slight surprise, did Neville\rquote s. The only class in which Neville usually vol\-unteered information was Herbology, which was easily his best subject. Neville looked surprised at his own daring.\par
\ldblquote Yes?\rdblquote  said Moody, his magical eye rolling right over to fix on Neville.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s one \emdash  the Cruciatus Curse,\rdblquote  said Neville in a small but distinct voice.\par
Moody was looking very intently at Neville, this time with both eyes.\par
\ldblquote Your name\rquote s Longbottom?\rdblquote  he said, his magical eye swooping down to check the register again.\par
Neville nodded nervously, but Moody made no further in\-quiries. Turning back to the class at large, he reached into the jar for the next spider and placed it upon the desktop, where it re\-mained motionless, apparently too scared to move.\par
\ldblquote The Cruciatus Curse,\rdblquote  said Moody. \ldblquote Needs to be a bit bigger for you to get the idea,\rdblquote  he said, pointing his wand at the spider. \ldblquote\i Engorgio\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The spider swelled. It was now larger than a tarantula. Aban\-doning all pretense, Ron pushed his chair backward, as far away from Moody\rquote s desk as possible.\par
Moody raised his wand again, pointed it at the spider, and mut\-tered, \ldblquote\i Crucio\i0 !\rdblquote\par
At once, the spider\rquote s legs bent in upon its body; it rolled over and began to twitch horribly, rocking from side to side. No sound came from it, but Harry was sure that if it could have given voice, it would have been screaming. Moody did not remove his wand, and the spider started to shudder and jerk more violently \emdash\par
\ldblquote Stop it!\rdblquote  Hermione said shrilly.\par
Harry looked around at her. She was looking, not at the spider, but at Neville, and Harry, following her gaze, saw that Neville\rquote s hands were clenched upon the desk in front of him, his knuckles white, his eyes wide and horrified.\par
Moody raised his wand. The spider\rquote s legs relaxed, but it contin\-ued to twitch.\par
\ldblquote\i Reducio,\i0\rdblquote  Moody muttered, and the spider shrank back to its proper size. He put it back into the jar.\par
\ldblquote Pain,\rdblquote  said Moody softly. \ldblquote You don\rquote t need thumbscrews or knives to torture someone if you can perform the Cruciatus Curse. \'85 That one was very popular once too.\par
\ldblquote Right \'85 anyone know any others?\rdblquote\par
Harry looked around. From the looks on everyone\rquote s faces, he guessed they were all wondering what was going to happen to the last spider. Hermione\rquote s hand shook slightly as, for the third time, she raised it into the air.\par
\ldblquote Yes?\rdblquote  said Moody, looking at her.\par
\ldblquote\i Avada Kedavra,\i0\rdblquote  Hermione whispered.\par
Several people looked uneasily around at her, including Ron.\par
\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Moody, another slight smile twisting his lopsided mouth. \ldblquote Yes, the last and worst. \i Avada Kedavra\i0  \'85 the Killing Curse.\rdblquote\par
He put his hand into the glass jar, and almost as though it knew what was coming, the third spider scuttled frantically around the bottom of the jar, trying to evade Moody\rquote s fingers, but he trapped it, and placed it upon the desktop. It started to scuttle frantically across the wooden surface.\par
Moody raised his wand, and Harry felt a sudden thrill of foreboding.\par
\ldblquote\i Avada Kedavra\i0 !\rdblquote  Moody roared.\par
There was a flash of blinding green light and a rushing sound, as though a vast, invisible something was soaring through the air \emdash  instantaneously the spider rolled over onto its back, unmarked, but unmistakably dead. Several of the students stifled cries; Ron had thrown himself backward and almost toppled off his seat as the spider skidded toward him.\par
Moody swept the dead spider off the desk onto the floor.\par
\ldblquote Not nice,\rdblquote  he said calmly. \ldblquote Not pleasant. And there\rquote s no countercurse. There\rquote s no blocking it. Only one known person has ever survived it, and he\rquote s sitting right in front of me.\rdblquote\par
Harry felt his face redden as Moody\rquote s eyes (both of them) looked into his own. He could feel everyone else looking around at him too. Harry stared at the blank blackboard as though fascinated by it, but not really seeing it at all. \'85\par
So that was how his parents had died \'85 exactly like that spider. Had they been unblemished and unmarked too? Had they simply seen the flash of green light and heard the rush of speeding death, before life was wiped from their bodies?\par
Harry had been picturing his parents\rquote  deaths over and over again for three years now, ever since he\rquote d found out they had been murdered, ever since he\rquote d found out what had happened that night: Wormtail had betrayed his parents\rquote  whereabouts to Voldemort, who had come to find them at their cottage. How Voldemort had killed Harry\rquote s father first. How James Potter had tried to hold him off, while he shouted at his wife to take Harry and run \'85 Voldemort had advanced on Lily Potter, told her to move aside so that he could kill Harry \'85 how she had begged him to kill her instead, refused to stop shielding her son \'85 and so Voldemort had murdered her too, before turning his wand on Harry. \'85\par
Harry knew these details because he had heard his parents\rquote  voices when he had fought the dementors last year \emdash  for that was the terrible power of the dementors: to force their victims to relive the worst memories of their lives, and drown, powerless, in their own despair. \'85\par
Moody was speaking again, from a great distance, it seemed to Harry. With a massive effort, he pulled himself back to the present and listened to what Moody was saying.\par
\ldblquote\i Avada Kedavra\rquote s\i0  a curse that needs a powerful bit of magic be\-hind it \emdash  you could all get your wands out now and point them at me and say the words, and I doubt I\rquote d get so much as a nosebleed. But that doesn\rquote t matter. I\rquote m not here to teach you how to do it.\par
\ldblquote Now, if there\rquote s no countercurse, why am I showing you? \i Because you\rquote ve got to know.\i0  You\rquote ve got to appreciate what the worst is. You don\rquote t want to find yourself in a situation where you\rquote re facing it. CONSTANT VIGILANCE!\rdblquote  he roared, and the whole class jumped again.\par
\ldblquote Now \'85 those three curses \emdash  \i Avada Kedavra,\i0  Imperius, and Cruciatus \emdash  are known as the Unforgivable Curses. The use of any one of them on a fellow human being is enough to earn a life sentence in Azkaban. That\rquote s what you\rquote re up against. That\rquote s what I\rquote ve got to teach you to fight. You need preparing. You need arm\-ing. But most of all, you need to practice \i constant, never-ceasing vigilance\i0 . Get out your quills \'85 copy this down. \'85\rdblquote\par
They spent the rest of the lesson taking notes on each of the Un\-forgivable Curses. No one spoke until the bell rang \emdash  but when Moody had dismissed them and they had left the classroom, a tor\-rent of talk burst forth. Most people were discussing the curses in awed voices \emdash  \ldblquote Did you see it twitch?\rdblquote  \ldblquote\emdash  and when he killed it \emdash  just like that!\rdblquote\par
They were talking about the lesson, Harry thought, as though it had been some sort of spectacular show, but he hadn\rquote t found it very entertaining \emdash  and nor, it seemed, had Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Hurry up,\rdblquote  she said tensely to Harry and Ron.\par
\ldblquote Not the ruddy library again?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Hermione curtly, pointing up a side passage. \ldblquote Neville.\rdblquote\par
Neville was standing alone, halfway up the passage, staring at the stone wall opposite him with the same horrified, wide-eyed look he had worn when Moody had demonstrated the Cruciatus Curse.\par
\ldblquote Neville?\rdblquote  Hermione said gently.\par
Neville looked around.\par
\ldblquote Oh hello,\rdblquote  he said, his voice much higher than usual. \ldblquote Interest\-ing lesson, wasn\rquote t it? I wonder what\rquote s for dinner, I\rquote m \emdash  I\rquote m starv\-ing, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Neville, are you all right?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Oh yes, I\rquote m fine,\rdblquote  Neville gabbled in the same unnaturally high voice. \ldblquote Very interesting dinner \emdash  I mean lesson \emdash  what\rquote s for eating?\rdblquote\par
Ron gave Harry a startled look.\par
\ldblquote Neville, what \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
But an odd clunking noise sounded behind them, and they turned to see Professor Moody limping toward them. All four of them fell silent, watching him apprehensively, but when he spoke, it was in a much lower and gentler growl than they had yet heard.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s all right, sonny,\rdblquote  he said to Neville. \ldblquote Why don\rquote t you come up to my office? Come on \'85 we can have a cup of tea. \'85\rdblquote\par
Neville looked even more frightened at the prospect of tea with Moody. He neither moved nor spoke. Moody turned his magical eye upon Harry.\par
\ldblquote You all right, are you, Potter?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, almost defiantly.\par
Moody\rquote s blue eye quivered slightly in its socket as it surveyed Harry. Then he said, \ldblquote You\rquote ve got to know. It seems harsh, maybe, \i but you\rquote ve got to know.\i0  No point pretending \'85 well \'85 come on, Longbottom, I\rquote ve got some books that might interest you.\rdblquote\par
Neville looked pleadingly at Harry, Ron, and Hermione, but they didn\rquote t say anything, so Neville had no choice but to allow himself to be steered away, one of Moody\rquote s gnarled hands on his shoulder.\par
\ldblquote What was that about?\rdblquote  said Ron, watching Neville and Moody turn the corner.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking pensive.\par
\ldblquote Some lesson, though, eh?\rdblquote  said Ron to Harry as they set off for the Great Hall. \ldblquote Fred and George were right, weren\rquote t they? He really knows his stuff, Moody, doesn\rquote t he? When he did \i Avada Kedavra,\i0  the way that spider just \i died,\i0  just snuffed it right \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Ron fell suddenly silent at the look on Harry\rquote s face and didn\rquote t speak again until they reached the Great Hall, when he said he supposed they had better make a start on Professor Trelawney\rquote s predictions tonight, since they would take hours.\par
Hermione did not join in with Harry and Ron\rquote s conversation during dinner, but ate furiously fast, and then left for the library again. Harry and Ron walked back to Gryffindor Tower, and Harry, who had been thinking of nothing else all through dinner, now raised the subject of the Unforgivable Curses himself.\par
\ldblquote Wouldn\rquote t Moody and Dumbledore be in trouble with the Min\-istry if they knew we\rquote d seen the curses?\rdblquote  Harry asked as they ap\-proached the Fat Lady.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, probably,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote But Dumbledore\rquote s always done things his way, hasn\rquote t he, and Moody\rquote s been getting in trouble for years, I reckon. Attacks first and asks questions later \emdash  look at his dustbins. Balderdash.\rdblquote\par
The Fat Lady swung forward to reveal the entrance hole, and they climbed into the Gryffindor common room, which was crowded and noisy.\par
\ldblquote Shall we get our Divination stuff, then?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote I s\rquote pose,\rdblquote  Ron groaned.\par
They went up to the dormitory to fetch their books and charts, to find Neville there alone, sitting on his bed, reading. He looked a good deal calmer than at the end of Moody\rquote s lesson, though still not entirely normal. His eyes were rather red.\par
\ldblquote You all right, Neville?\rdblquote  Harry asked him.\par
\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Neville, \ldblquote I\rquote m fine, thanks. Just reading this book Professor Moody lent me. \'85\rdblquote\par
He held up the book: \i Magical Water Plants of the Mediterranean.\i0\par
\ldblquote Apparently, Professor Sprout told Professor Moody I\rquote m really good at Herbology,\rdblquote  Neville said. There was a faint note of pride in his voice that Harry had rarely heard there before. \ldblquote He thought I\rquote d like this.\rdblquote\par
Telling Neville what Professor Sprout had said, Harry thought, had been a very tactful way of cheering Neville up, for Neville very rarely heard that he was good at anything. It was the sort of thing Professor Lupin would have done.\par
Harry and Ron took their copies of \i Unfogging the Future\i0  back down to the common room, found a table, and set to work on their predictions for the coming month. An hour later, they had made very little progress, though their table was littered with bits of parchment bearing sums and symbols, and Harry\rquote s brain was as fogged as though it had been filled with the fumes from Professor Trelawney\rquote s fire.\par
\ldblquote I haven\rquote t got a clue what this lot\rquote s supposed to mean,\rdblquote  he said, staring down at a long list of calculations.\par
\ldblquote You know,\rdblquote  said Ron, whose hair was on end because of all the times he had run his fingers through it in frustration, \ldblquote I think it\rquote s back to the old Divination standby.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What \emdash  make it up?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, sweeping the jumble of scrawled notes off the table, dipping his pen into some ink, and starting to write.\par
\ldblquote Next Monday,\rdblquote  he said as he scribbled, \ldblquote I am likely to develop a cough, owing to the unlucky conjunction of Mars and Jupiter.\rdblquote  He looked up at Harry. \ldblquote You know her \emdash  just put in loads of mis\-ery, she\rquote ll lap it up.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry, crumpling up his first attempt and lobbing it over the heads of a group of chattering first years into the fire. \ldblquote Okay \'85 on Monday, \i I\i0  will be in danger of \emdash  er \emdash  burns.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, you will be,\rdblquote  said Ron darkly, \ldblquote we\rquote re seeing the skrewts again on Monday. Okay, Tuesday, \i I\rquote ll\i0  \'85 erm \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Lose a treasured possession,\rdblquote  said Harry, who was flicking through \i Unfogging the Future\i0  for ideas.\par
\ldblquote Good one,\rdblquote  said Ron, copying it down.  \ldblquote Because of \'85 erm \'85 Mercury. Why don\rquote t you get stabbed in the back by some\-one you thought was a friend?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah \'85 cool \'85\rdblquote  said Harry, scribbling it down, \ldblquote because \'85 Venus is in the twelfth house.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And on Wednesday, I think I\rquote ll come off worst in a fight.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Aaah, I was going to have a fight. Okay, I\rquote ll lose a bet.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, you\rquote ll be betting I\rquote ll win my fight. \'85\rdblquote\par
They continued to make up predictions (which grew steadily more tragic) for another hour, while the common room around them slowly emptied as people went up to bed. Crookshanks wan\-dered over to them, leapt lightly into an empty chair, and stared in\-scrutably at Harry, rather as Hermione might look if she knew they weren\rquote t doing their homework properly.\par
Staring around the room, trying to think of a kind of misfortune he hadn\rquote t yet used, Harry saw Fred and George sitting together against the opposite wall, heads together, quills out, poring over a single piece of parchment. It was most unusual to see Fred and George hidden away in a corner and working silently; they usually liked to be in the thick of things and the noisy center of attention. There was something secretive about the way they were working on the piece of parchment, and Harry was reminded of how they had sat together writing something back at the Burrow. He had thought then that it was another order form for Weasleys\rquote  Wizard Wheezes, but it didn\rquote t look like that this time; if it had been, they would surely have let Lee Jordan in on the joke. He wondered whether it had anything to do with entering the Triwizard Tournament.\par
As Harry watched, George shook his head at Fred, scratched out something with his quill, and said, in a very quiet voice that never\-theless carried across the almost deserted room, \ldblquote No \emdash  that sounds like we\rquote re accusing him. Got to be careful \'85\rdblquote\par
Then George looked over and saw Harry watching him. Harry grinned and quickly returned to his predictions \emdash  he didn\rquote t want George to think he was eavesdropping. Shortly after that, the twins rolled up their parchment, said good night, and went off to bed.\par
Fred and George had been gone ten minutes or so when the por\-trait hole opened and Hermione climbed into the common room carrying a sheaf of parchment in one hand and a box whose con\-tents rattled as she walked in the other. Crookshanks arched his back, purring.\par
\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  she said, \ldblquote I\rquote ve just finished!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So have I!\rdblquote  said Ron triumphantly, throwing down his quill.\par
Hermione sat down, laid the things she was carrying in an empty armchair, and pulled Ron\rquote s predictions toward her.\par
\ldblquote Not going to have a very good month, are you?\rdblquote  she said sar\-donically as Crookshanks curled up in her lap.\par
\ldblquote Ah well, at least I\rquote m forewarned,\rdblquote  Ron yawned.\par
\ldblquote You seem to be drowning twice,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Oh am I?\rdblquote  said Ron, peering down at his predictions. \ldblquote I\rquote d better change one of them to getting trampled by a rampaging hippogriff.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t you think it\rquote s a bit obvious you\rquote ve made these up?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote How dare you!\rdblquote  said Ron, in mock outrage. \ldblquote We\rquote ve been work\-ing like house-elves here!\rdblquote\par
Hermione raised her eyebrows.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s just an expression,\rdblquote  said Ron hastily.\par
Harry laid down his quill too, having just finished predicting his own death by decapitation.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s in the box?\rdblquote  he asked, pointing at it.\par
\ldblquote Funny you should ask,\rdblquote  said Hermione, with a nasty look at Ron. She took off the lid and showed them the contents.\par
Inside were about fifty badges, all of different colors, but all bearing the same letters: S.P.E.W.\par
\ldblquote  \lquote Spew\rquote ?\rdblquote  said Harry, picking up a badge and looking at it. \ldblquote What\rquote s this about?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not \i spew,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione impatiently. \ldblquote It\rquote s S-P-E-W. Stands for the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Never heard of it,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Well, of course you haven\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Hermione briskly, \ldblquote I\rquote ve only just started it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah?\rdblquote  said Ron in mild surprise. \ldblquote How many members have you got?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well \emdash  if you two join \emdash  three,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote And you think we want to walk around wearing badges saying \lquote spew,\rquote  do you?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote S-P-E-W!\rdblquote  said Hermione hotly. \ldblquote I was going to put Stop the Outrageous Abuse of Our Fellow Magical Creatures and Cam\-paign for a Change in Their Legal Status \emdash  but it wouldn\rquote t fit. So that\rquote s the heading of our manifesto.\rdblquote\par
She brandished the sheaf of parchment at them.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve been researching it thoroughly in the library. Elf enslave\-ment goes back centuries. I can\rquote t believe no one\rquote s done anything about it before now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione \emdash  open your ears,\rdblquote  said Ron loudly. \ldblquote They. Like. It. They \i like\i0  being enslaved!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Our short-term aims,\rdblquote  said Hermione, speaking even more loudly than Ron, and acting as though she hadn\rquote t heard a word, \ldblquote are to secure house-elves fair wages and working conditions. Our long-term aims include changing the law about non-wand use, and trying to get an elf into the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, because they\rquote re shockingly underrepresented.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And how do we do all this?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\par
\ldblquote We start by recruiting members,\rdblquote  said Hermione happily. \ldblquote I thought two Sickles to join \emdash  that buys a badge \emdash  and the pro\-ceeds can fund our leaflet campaign. You\rquote re treasurer, Ron \emdash  I\rquote ve got you a collecting tin upstairs \emdash  and Harry, you\rquote re secretary, so you might want to write down everything I\rquote m saying now, as a record of our first meeting.\rdblquote\par
There was a pause in which Hermione beamed at the pair of them, and Harry sat, torn between exasperation at Hermione and amusement at the look on Ron\rquote s face. The silence was broken, not by Ron, who in any case looked as though he was temporarily dumbstruck, but by a soft \i tap, tap\i0  on the window. Harry looked across the now empty common room and saw, illuminated by the moonlight, a snowy owl perched on the windowsill.\par
\ldblquote Hedwig!\rdblquote  he shouted, and he launched himself out of his chair and across the room to pull open the window.\par
Hedwig flew inside, soared across the room, and landed on the table on top of Harry\rquote s predictions.\par
\ldblquote About time!\rdblquote  said Harry, hurrying after her.\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s got an answer!\rdblquote  said Ron excitedly, pointing at the grubby piece of parchment tied to Hedwig\rquote s leg.\par
Harry hastily untied it and sat down to read, whereupon Hed\-wig fluttered onto his knee, hooting softly.\par
\ldblquote What does it say?\rdblquote  Hermione asked breathlessly.\par
The letter was very short, and looked as though it had been scrawled in a great hurry. Harry read it aloud:\par
\par
\i Harry \i0\emdash\par
\i I\rquote m flying north immediately. This news about your scar is the latest in a series of strange rumors that have reached me here. If it hurts again, go straight to Dumbledore \i0\emdash  \i they\rquote re saying he\rquote s got Mad-Eye out of retirement, which means he\rquote s reading the signs, even if no one else is.\i0\par
\i I\rquote ll be in touch soon. My best to Ron and Hermione. Keep your eyes open, Harry.\par
Sirius\par
\i0\par
Harry looked up at Ron and Hermione, who stared back at him.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s flying north?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote He\rquote s coming \i back\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s reading what signs?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking per\-plexed. \ldblquote Harry \emdash  what\rquote s up?\rdblquote\par
For Harry had just hit himself in the forehead with his fist, jolt\-ing Hedwig out of his lap.\par
\ldblquote I shouldn\rquote t\rquote ve told him!\rdblquote  Harry said furiously.\par
\ldblquote What are you on about?\rdblquote  said Ron in surprise.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s made him think he\rquote s got to come back!\rdblquote  said Harry, now slamming his fist on the table so that Hedwig landed on the back of Ron\rquote s chair, hooting indignantly. \ldblquote Coming back, because he thinks I\rquote m in trouble! And there\rquote s nothing wrong with me! And I haven\rquote t got anything for you,\rdblquote  Harry snapped at Hedwig, who was clicking her beak expectantly, \ldblquote you\rquote ll have to go up to the Owlery if you want food.\rdblquote\par
Hedwig gave him an extremely offended look and took off for the open window, cuffing him around the head with her out\-stretched wing as she went.\par
\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  Hermione began, in a pacifying sort of voice.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m going to bed,\rdblquote  said Harry shortly. \ldblquote See you in the morning.\rdblquote\par
Upstairs in the dormitory he pulled on his pajamas and got into his four-poster, but he didn\rquote t feel remotely tired.\par
If Sirius came back and got caught, it would be his, Harry\rquote s, fault. Why hadn\rquote t he kept his mouth shut? A few seconds\rquote  pain and he\rquote d had to blab. \'85 If he\rquote d just had the sense to keep it to himself. \'85\par
He heard Ron come up into the dormitory a short while later, but did not speak to him. For a long time, Harry lay staring up at the dark canopy of his bed. The dormitory was completely silent, and, had he been less preoccupied, Harry would have realized that the absence of Neville\rquote s usual snores meant that he was not the only one lying awake.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 15\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Beauxbatons and Durmstrang\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Early next morning, Harry woke with a plan fully formed in his mind, as though his sleeping brain had been working on it all night. He got up, dressed in the pale dawn light, left the dormitory without waking Ron, and went back down to the deserted common room. Here he took a piece of parchment from the table upon which his Divination homework still lay and wrote the following letter:\par
\par
\i Dear Sirius,\i0\par
\i I reckon I just imagined my scar hurting, I was half asleep when I wrote to you last time. There\rquote s no point coming back, everything\rquote s fine here. Don\rquote t worry about me, my head feels completely normal.\i0\par
\i Harry\par
\i0\par
He then climbed out of the portrait hole, up through the silent castle (held up only briefly by Peeves, who tried to overturn a large vase on him halfway along the fourth-floor corridor), finally arriv\-ing at the Owlery, which was situated at the top of West Tower.\par
The Owlery was a circular stone room, rather cold and drafty, because none of the windows had glass in them. The floor was entirely covered in straw, owl droppings, and the regurgitated skeletons of mice and voles. Hundreds upon hundreds of owls of every breed imaginable were nestled here on perches that rose right up to the top of the tower, nearly all of them asleep, though here and there a round amber eye glared at Harry. He spotted Hedwig nestled between a barn owl and a tawny, and hurried over to her, sliding a little on the dropping-strewn floor.\par
It took him a while to persuade her to wake up and then to look at him, as she kept shuffling around on her perch, showing him her tail. She was evidently still furious about his lack of gratitude the previous night. In the end, it was Harry suggesting she might be too tired, and that perhaps he would ask Ron to borrow Pigwidgeon, that made her stick out her leg and allow him to tie the letter to it.\par
\ldblquote Just find him, all right?\rdblquote  Harry said, stroking her back as he car\-ried her on his arm to one of the holes in the wall. \ldblquote Before the de\-mentors do.\rdblquote\par
She nipped his finger, perhaps rather harder than she would or\-dinarily have done, but hooted softly in a reassuring sort of way all the same. Then she spread her wings and took off into the sunrise. Harry watched her fly out of sight with the familiar feeling of un\-ease back in his stomach. He had been so sure that Sirius\rquote s reply would alleviate his worries rather than increasing them.\par
\ldblquote That was a \i lie,\i0  Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply over breakfast, when he told her and Ron what he had done. \ldblquote You \i didn\rquote t\i0  imagine your scar hurting and you know it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So what?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He\rquote s not going back to Azkaban because of me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Drop it,\rdblquote  said Ron sharply to Hermione as she opened her mouth to argue some more, and for once, Hermione heeded him, and fell silent.\par
Harry did his best not to worry about Sirius over the next cou\-ple of weeks. True, he could not stop himself from looking anx\-iously around every morning when the post owls arrived, nor, late at night before he went to sleep, prevent himself from seeing horri\-ble visions of Sirius, cornered by dementors down some dark Lon\-don street, but betweentimes he tried to keep his mind off his godfather. He wished he still had Quidditch to distract him; noth\-ing worked so well on a troubled mind as a good, hard training ses\-sion. On the other hand, their lessons were becoming more difficult and demanding than ever before, particularly Moody\rquote s Defense Against the Dark Arts.\par
To their surprise, Professor Moody had announced that he would be putting the Imperius Curse on each of them in turn, to demonstrate its power and to see whether they could resist its ef\-fects.\par
\ldblquote But \emdash  but you said it\rquote s illegal, Professor,\rdblquote  said Hermione un\-certainly as Moody cleared away the desks with a sweep of his wand, leaving a large clear space in the middle of the room. \ldblquote You said \emdash  to use it against another human was \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore wants you taught what it feels like,\rdblquote  said Moody, his magical eye swiveling onto Hermione and fixing her with an eerie, unblinking stare. \ldblquote If you\rquote d rather learn the hard way \emdash  when someone\rquote s putting it on you so they can control you completely \emdash  fine by me. You\rquote re excused. Off you go.\rdblquote\par
He pointed one gnarled finger toward the door. Hermione went very pink and muttered something about not meaning that she wanted to leave. Harry and Ron grinned at each other. They knew Hermione would rather eat bubotuber pus than miss such an im\-portant lesson.\par
Moody began to beckon students forward in turn and put the Imperius Curse upon them. Harry watched as, one by one, his classmates did the most extraordinary things under its influence. Dean Thomas hopped three times around the room, singing the national anthem. Lavender Brown imitated a squirrel. Neville per\-formed a series of quite astonishing gymnastics he would certainly not have been capable of in his normal state. Not one of them seemed to be able to fight off the curse, and each of them recovered only when Moody had removed it.\par
\ldblquote Potter,\rdblquote  Moody growled, \ldblquote you next.\rdblquote\par
Harry moved forward into the middle of the classroom, into the space that Moody had cleared of desks. Moody raised his wand, pointed it at Harry, and said, \ldblquote\i Imperio\i0 !\rdblquote\par
It was the most wonderful feeling. Harry felt a floating sensation as every thought and worry in his head was wiped gently away, leaving nothing but a vague, untraceable happiness. He stood there feeling immensely relaxed, only dimly aware of everyone watching him.\par
And then he heard Mad-Eye Moody\rquote s voice, echoing in some distant chamber of his empty brain: \i Jump onto the desk\i0  \'85 \i jump onto the desk. \'85\i0\par
Harry bent his knees obediently, preparing to spring.\par
\i Jump onto the desk. \'85\i0\par
Why, though? Another voice had awoken in the back of his brain.\par
Stupid thing to do, really, said the voice.\par
\i Jump onto the desk. \'85\i0\par
No, I don\rquote t think I will, thanks, said the other voice, a little more firmly \'85 no, I don\rquote t really want to. \'85\par
\i Jump\i0 ! \i NOW\i0 !\par
The next thing Harry felt was considerable pain. He had both jumped and tried to prevent himself from jumping \emdash  the result was that he\rquote d smashed headlong into the desk, knocking it over, and, by the feeling in his legs, fractured both his kneecaps.\par
\ldblquote Now, \i that\rquote s\i0  more like it!\rdblquote  growled Moody\rquote s voice, and suddenly, Harry felt the empty, echoing feeling in his head disappear. He re\-membered exactly what was happening, and the pain in his knees seemed to double.\par
\ldblquote Look at that, you lot \'85 Potter fought! He fought it, and he damn near beat it! We\rquote ll try that again, Potter, and the rest of you, pay attention \emdash  watch his eyes, that\rquote s where you see it \emdash  very good, Potter, very good indeed! They\rquote ll have trouble controlling \i you\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote The way he talks,\rdblquote  Harry muttered as he hobbled out of the De\-fense Against the Dark Arts class an hour later (Moody had insisted on putting Harry through his paces four times in a row, until Harry could throw off the curse entirely), \ldblquote you\rquote d think we were all going to be attacked any second.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I know,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was skipping on every alternate step. He had had much more difficulty with the curse than Harry, though Moody assured him the effects would wear off by lunch-time. \ldblquote Talk about paranoid \'85\rdblquote  Ron glanced nervously over his shoulder to check that Moody was definitely out of earshot and went on. \ldblquote No wonder they were glad to get shot of him at the Min\-istry. Did you hear him telling Seamus what he did to that witch who shouted \lquote Boo\rquote  behind him on April Fools\rquote  Day? And when are we supposed to read up on resisting the Imperius Curse with every\-thing else we\rquote ve got to do?\rdblquote\par
All the fourth years had noticed a definite increase in the amount of work they were required to do this term. Professor McGonagall explained why, when the class gave a particularly loud groan at the amount of Transfiguration homework she had assigned.\par
\ldblquote You are now entering a most important phase of your magical education!\rdblquote  she told them, her eyes glinting dangerously behind her square spectacles. \ldblquote Your Ordinary Wizarding Levels are draw\-ing closer \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We don\rquote t take O.W.L.s till fifth year!\rdblquote  said Dean Thomas indignantly.\par
\ldblquote Maybe not, Thomas, but believe me, you need all the prepara\-tion you can get! Miss Granger remains the only person in this class who has managed to turn a hedgehog into a satisfactory pincush\-ion. I might remind you that \i your\i0  pincushion, Thomas, still curls up in fright if anyone approaches it with a pin!\rdblquote\par
Hermione, who had turned rather pink again, seemed to be try\-ing not to look too pleased with herself.\par
Harry and Ron were deeply amused when Professor Trelawney told them that they had received top marks for their homework in their next Divination class. She read out large portions of their pre\-dictions, commending them for their unflinching acceptance of the horrors in store for them \emdash  but they were less amused when she asked them to do the same thing for the month after next; both of them were running out of ideas for catastrophes.\par
Meanwhile Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic, had them writing weekly essays on the goblin rebellions of the eighteenth century. Professor Snape was forcing them to re\-search antidotes. They took this one seriously, as he had hinted that he might be poisoning one of them before Christmas to see if their antidote worked. Professor Flitwick had asked them to read three extra books in preparation for their lesson on Summoning Charms.\par
Even Hagrid was adding to their workload. The Blast-Ended Skrewts were growing at a remarkable pace given that nobody had yet discovered what they ate. Hagrid was delighted, and as part of their \ldblquote project,\rdblquote  suggested that they come down to his hut on alter\-nate evenings to observe the skrewts and make notes on their ex\-traordinary behavior.\par
\ldblquote I will not,\rdblquote  said Draco Malfoy flatly when Hagrid had proposed this with the air of Father Christmas pulling an extra-large toy out of his sack. \ldblquote I see enough of these foul things during lessons, thanks.\rdblquote\par
Hagrid\rquote s smile faded off his face.\par
\ldblquote Yeh\rquote ll do wha\rquote  yer told,\rdblquote  he growled, \ldblquote or I\rquote ll be takin\rquote  a leaf outta Professor Moody\rquote s book. \'85 I hear yeh made a good ferret, Malfoy.\rdblquote\par
The Gryffindors roared with laughter. Malfoy flushed with anger, but apparently the memory of Moody\rquote s punishment was still sufficiently painful to stop him from retorting. Harry, Ron, and Hermione returned to the castle at the end of the lesson in high spirits; seeing Hagrid put down Malfoy was particularly satisfying, especially because Malfoy had done his very best to get Hagrid sacked the previous year.\par
When they arrived in the entrance hall, they found themselves unable to proceed owing to the large crowd of students congre\-gated there, all milling around a large sign that had been erected at the foot of the marble staircase. Ron, the tallest of the three, stood on tiptoe to see over the heads in front of them and read the sign aloud to the other two:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc TRIWIZARD TOURNAMENT\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\i The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving at 6 o\rquote clock on Friday the 30th of October. Lessons will end half an hour early \emdash\par
\i0\par
\ldblquote Brilliant!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote It\rquote s Potions last thing on Friday! Snape won\rquote t have time to poison us all!\rdblquote\par
\par
\i Students will return their bags and books to their dormitories and assemble in front of the castle to greet our guests before the Welcoming Feast.\par
\i0\par
\ldblquote Only a week away!\rdblquote  said Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff, emerg\-ing from the crowd, his eyes gleaming. \ldblquote I wonder if Cedric knows? Think I\rquote ll go and tell him. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Cedric?\rdblquote  said Ron blankly as Ernie hurried off.\par
\ldblquote Diggory,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He must be entering the tournament.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That idiot, Hogwarts champion?\rdblquote  said Ron as they pushed their way through the chattering crowd toward the staircase.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s not an idiot. You just don\rquote t like him because he beat Gryffindor at Quidditch,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I\rquote ve heard he\rquote s a really good student \emdash  \i and\i0  he\rquote s a prefect.\rdblquote\par
She spoke as though this settled the matter.\par
\ldblquote You only like him because he\rquote s \i handsome,\i0\rdblquote  said Ron scathingly.\par
\ldblquote Excuse me, I don\rquote t like people just because they\rquote re handsome!\rdblquote  said Hermione indignantly.\par
Ron gave a loud false cough, which sounded oddly like \ldblquote\i Lockhart\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The appearance of the sign in the entrance hall had a marked ef\-fect upon the inhabitants of the castle. During the following week, there seemed to be only one topic of conversation, no matter where Harry went: the Triwizard Tournament. Rumors were flying from student to student like highly contagious germs: who was going to try for Hogwarts champion, what the tournament would involve, how the students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang differed from themselves.\par
Harry noticed too that the castle seemed to be undergoing an extra-thorough cleaning. Several grimy portraits had been scrubbed, much to the displeasure of their subjects, who sat hud\-dled in their frames muttering darkly and wincing as they felt their raw pink faces. The suits of armor were suddenly gleaming and moving without squeaking, and Argus Filch, the caretaker, was be\-having so ferociously to any students who forgot to wipe their shoes that he terrified a pair of first-year girls into hysterics.\par
Other members of the staff seemed oddly tense too.\par
\ldblquote Longbottom, kindly do \i not\i0  reveal that you can\rquote t even perform a simple Switching Spell in front of anyone from Durmstrang!\rdblquote  Pro\-fessor McGonagall barked at the end of one particularly difficult lesson, during which Neville had accidentally transplanted his own ears onto a cactus.\par
When they went down to breakfast on the morning of the thir\-tieth of October, they found that the Great Hall had been deco\-rated overnight. Enormous silk banners hung from the walls, each of them representing a Hogwarts House: red with a gold lion for Gryffindor, blue with a bronze eagle for Ravenclaw, yellow with a black badger for Hufflepuff, and green with a silver serpent for Slytherin. Behind the teachers\rquote  table, the largest banner of all bore the Hogwarts coat of arms: lion, eagle, badger, and snake united around a large letter H.\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down beside Fred and George at the Gryffindor table. Once again, and most unusually, they were sitting apart from everyone else and conversing in low voices. Ron led the way over to them.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a bummer, all right,\rdblquote  George was saying gloomily to Fred. \ldblquote But if he won\rquote t talk to us in person, we\rquote ll have to send him the letter after all. Or we\rquote ll stuff it into his hand. He can\rquote t avoid us forever.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s avoiding you?\rdblquote  said Ron, sitting down next to them.\par
\ldblquote Wish you would,\rdblquote  said Fred, looking irritated at the inter\-ruption.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s a bummer?\rdblquote  Ron asked George.\par
\ldblquote Having a nosy git like you for a brother,\rdblquote  said George.\par
\ldblquote You two got any ideas on the Triwizard Tournament yet?\rdblquote  Harry asked. \ldblquote Thought any more about trying to enter?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I asked McGonagall how the champions are chosen but she wasn\rquote t telling,\rdblquote  said George bitterly. \ldblquote She just told me to shut up and get on with transfiguring my raccoon.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wonder what the tasks are going to be?\rdblquote  said Ron thoughtfully. \ldblquote You know, I bet we could do them, Harry. We\rquote ve done dangerous stuff before. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not in front of a panel of judges, you haven\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote McGonagall says the champions get awarded points according to how well they\rquote ve done the tasks.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who are the judges?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\par
\ldblquote Well, the Heads of the participating schools are always on the panel,\rdblquote  said Hermione, and everyone looked around at her, rather surprised, \ldblquote because all three of them were injured during the Tour\-nament of 1792, when a cockatrice the champions were supposed to be catching went on the rampage.\rdblquote\par
She noticed them all looking at her and said, with her usual air of impatience that nobody else had read all the books she had, \ldblquote It\rquote s all in \i Hogwarts, A History.\i0  Though, of course, that book\rquote s not \i en\-tirely\i0  reliable. \i A Revised History of Hogwarts\i0  would be a more accu\-rate title. Or \i A Highly Biased and\i0  Selective \i History of Hogwarts, Which Glosses Over the Nastier Aspects of the School.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What are you on about?\rdblquote  said Ron, though Harry thought he knew what was coming.\par
\ldblquote\i House-elves\i0 !\rdblquote  said Hermione, her eyes flashing. \ldblquote Not once, in over a thousand pages, does \i Hogwarts, A History\i0  mention that we are all colluding in the oppression of a hundred slaves!\rdblquote\par
Harry shook his head and applied himself to his scrambled eggs. His and Ron\rquote s lack of enthusiasm had done nothing whatsoever to curb Hermione\rquote s determination to pursue justice for house-elves. True, both of them had paid two Sickles for a S.P.E.W. badge, but they had only done it to keep her quiet. Their Sickles had been wasted, however; if anything, they seemed to have made Hermione more vociferous. She had been badgering Harry and Ron ever since, first to wear the badges, then to persuade others to do the same, and she had also taken to rattling around the Gryffindor common room every evening, cornering people and shaking the collecting tin un\-der their noses.\par
\ldblquote You do realize that your sheets are changed, your fires lit, your classrooms cleaned, and your food cooked by a group of magical creatures who are unpaid and enslaved?\rdblquote  she kept saying fiercely.\par
Some people, like Neville, had paid up just to stop Hermione from glowering at them. A few seemed mildly interested in what she had to say, but were reluctant to take a more active role in cam\-paigning. Many regarded the whole thing as a joke.\par
Ron now rolled his eyes at the ceiling, which was flooding them all in autumn sunlight, and Fred became extremely interested in his bacon (both twins had refused to buy a S.P.E.W. badge). George, however, leaned in toward Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Listen, have you ever been down in the kitchens, Hermione?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, of course not,\rdblquote  said Hermione curtly, \ldblquote I hardly think stu\-dents are supposed to \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, we have,\rdblquote  said George, indicating Fred, \ldblquote loads of times, to nick food. And we\rquote ve met them, and they\rquote re \i happy.\i0  They think they\rquote ve got the best job in the world \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s because they\rquote re uneducated and brainwashed!\rdblquote  Hermi\-one began hotly, but her next few words were drowned out by the sudden whooshing noise from overhead, which announced the arrival of the post owls. Harry looked up at once, and saw Hedwig soaring toward him. Hermione stopped talking abruptly; she and Ron watched Hedwig anxiously as she fluttered down onto Harry\rquote s shoulder, folded her wings, and held out her leg wearily.\par
Harry pulled off Sirius\rquote s reply and offered Hedwig his bacon rinds, which she ate gratefully. Then, checking that Fred and George were safely immersed in further discussions about the Tri-wizard Tournament, Harry read out Sirius\rquote s letter in a whisper to Ron and Hermione.\par
\par
\i Nice try, Harry.\i0\par
\i I\rquote m back in the country and well hidden. I want you to keep me posted on everything that\rquote s going on at Hogwarts. Don\rquote t use Hedwig, keep changing owls, and don\rquote t worry about me, just watch out for yourself. Don\rquote t forget what I said about your scar.\i0\par
\i Sirius\par
\i0\par
\ldblquote Why d\rquote you have to keep changing owls?\rdblquote  Ron asked in a low voice.\par
\ldblquote Hedwig\rquote ll attract too much attention,\rdblquote  said Hermione at once. \ldblquote She stands out. A snowy owl that keeps returning to wherever he\rquote s hiding \'85 I mean, they\rquote re not native birds, are they?\rdblquote\par
Harry rolled up the letter and slipped it inside his robes, won\-dering whether he felt more or less worried than before. He sup\-posed that Sirius managing to get back without being caught was something. He couldn\rquote t deny either that the idea that Sirius was much nearer was reassuring; at least he wouldn\rquote t have to wait so long for a response every time he wrote.\par
\ldblquote Thanks, Hedwig,\rdblquote  he said, stroking her. She hooted sleepily, dipped her beak briefly into his goblet of orange juice, then took off again, clearly desperate for a good long sleep in the Owlery.\par
There was a pleasant feeling of anticipation in the air that day. Nobody was very attentive in lessons, being much more interested in the arrival that evening of the people from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang; even Potions was more bearable than usual, as it was half an hour shorter. When the bell rang early, Harry, Ron, and Hermione hurried up to Gryffindor Tower, deposited their bags and books as they had been instructed, pulled on their cloaks, and rushed back downstairs into the entrance hall.\par
The Heads of Houses were ordering their students into lines.\par
\ldblquote Weasley, straighten your hat,\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall snapped at Ron. \ldblquote Miss Patil, take that ridiculous thing out of your hair.\rdblquote\par
Parvati scowled and removed a large ornamental butterfly from the end of her plait.\par
\ldblquote Follow me, please,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote First years in front \'85 no pushing. \'85\rdblquote\par
They filed down the steps and lined up in front of the castle. It was a cold, clear evening; dusk was falling and a pale, transparent-looking moon was already shining over the Forbidden Forest. Harry, standing between Ron and Hermione in the fourth row from the front, saw Dennis Creevey positively shivering with an\-ticipation among the other first years.\par
\ldblquote Nearly six,\rdblquote  said Ron, checking his watch and then staring down the drive that led to the front gates. \ldblquote How d\rquote you reckon they\rquote re coming? The train?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I doubt it,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote How, then? Broomsticks?\rdblquote  Harry suggested, looking up at the starry sky.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so \'85 not from that far away. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A Portkey?\rdblquote  Ron suggested. \ldblquote Or they could Apparate \emdash  maybe you\rquote re allowed to do it under seventeen wherever they come from?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You can\rquote t Apparate inside the Hogwarts grounds, how often do I have to tell you?\rdblquote  said Hermione impatiently.\par
They scanned the darkening grounds excitedly, but nothing was moving; everything was still, silent, and quite as usual. Harry was starting to feel cold. He wished they\rquote d hurry up. \'85 Maybe the for\-eign students were preparing a dramatic entrance. \'85 He remem\-bered what Mr. Weasley had said back at the campsite before the Quidditch World Cup: \ldblquote always the same \emdash  we can\rquote t resist showing off when we get together. \'85\rdblquote\par
And then Dumbledore called out from the back row where he stood with the other teachers \emdash\par
\ldblquote Aha! Unless I am very much mistaken, the delegation from Beauxbatons approaches!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Where?\rdblquote  said many students eagerly, all looking in different directions.\par
\ldblquote\i There\i0 !\rdblquote  yelled a sixth year, pointing over the forest.\par
Something large, much larger than a broomstick \emdash  or, indeed, a hundred broomsticks \emdash  was hurtling across the deep blue sky to\-ward the castle, growing larger all the time.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a dragon!\rdblquote  shrieked one of the first years, losing her head completely.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be stupid \'85 it\rquote s a flying house!\rdblquote  said Dennis Creevey.\par
Dennis\rquote s guess was closer. \'85 As the gigantic black shape skimmed over the treetops of the Forbidden Forest and the lights shining from the castle windows hit it, they saw a gigantic, powder-blue, horse-drawn carriage, the size of a large house, soaring toward them, pulled through the air by a dozen winged horses, all palomi\-nos, and each the size of an elephant.\par
The front three rows of students drew backward as the carriage hurtled ever lower, coming in to land at a tremendous speed \emdash  then, with an almighty crash that made Neville jump backward onto a Slytherin fifth year\rquote s foot, the horses\rquote  hooves, larger than dinner plates, hit the ground. A second later, the carriage landed too, bouncing upon its vast wheels, while the golden horses tossed their enormous heads and rolled large, fiery red eyes.\par
Harry just had time to see that the door of the carriage bore a coat of arms (two crossed, golden wands, each emitting three stars) before it opened.\par
A boy in pale blue robes jumped down from the carriage, bent forward, fumbled for a moment with something on the carriage floor, and unfolded a set of golden steps. He sprang back respect\-fully. Then Harry saw a shining, high-heeled black shoe emerging from the inside of the carriage \emdash  a shoe the size of a child\rquote s sled \emdash  followed, almost immediately, by the largest woman he had ever seen in his life. The size of the carriage, and of the horses, was im\-mediately explained. A few people gasped.\par
Harry had only ever seen one person as large as this woman in his life, and that was Hagrid; he doubted whether there was an inch difference in their heights. Yet somehow \emdash  maybe simply because he was used to Hagrid \emdash  this woman (now at the foot of the steps, and looking around at the waiting, wide-eyed crowd) seemed even more unnaturally large. As she stepped into the light flooding from the entrance hall, she was revealed to have a hand\-some, olive-skinned face; large, black, liquid-looking eyes; and a rather beaky nose. Her hair was drawn back in a shining knob at the base of her neck. She was dressed from head to foot in black satin, and many magnificent opals gleamed at her throat and on her thick fingers.\par
Dumbledore started to clap; the students, following his lead, broke into applause too, many of them standing on tiptoe, the bet\-ter to look at this woman.\par
Her face relaxed into a gracious smile and she walked forward toward Dumbledore, extending a glittering hand. Dumbledore, though tall himself, had barely to bend to kiss it.\par
\ldblquote My dear Madame Maxime,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Welcome to Hogwarts.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dumbly-dorr,\rdblquote  said Madame Maxime in a deep voice. \ldblquote I \rquote ope I find you well?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote In excellent form, I thank you,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote My pupils,\rdblquote  said Madame Maxime, waving one of her enor\-mous hands carelessly behind her.\par
Harry, whose attention had been focused completely upon Madame Maxime, now noticed that about a dozen boys and girls, all, by the look of them, in their late teens, had emerged from the carriage and were now standing behind Madame Maxime. They were shivering, which was unsurprising, given that their robes seemed to be made of fine silk, and none of them were wearing cloaks. A few had wrapped scarves and shawls around their heads. From what Harry could see of them (they were standing in Madame Maxime\rquote s enormous shadow), they were staring up at Hogwarts with apprehensive looks on their faces.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote As Karkaroff arrived yet?\rdblquote  Madame Maxime asked.\par
\ldblquote He should be here any moment,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Would you like to wait here and greet him or would you prefer to step in\-side and warm up a trifle?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Warm up, I think,\rdblquote  said Madame Maxime. \ldblquote But ze \rquote orses \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Our Care of Magical Creatures teacher will be delighted to take care of them,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote the moment he has returned from dealing with a slight situation that has arisen with some of his other \emdash  er \emdash  charges.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Skrewts,\rdblquote  Ron muttered to Harry, grinning.\par
\ldblquote My steeds require \emdash  er \emdash  forceful \rquote andling,\rdblquote  said Madame Maxime, looking as though she doubted whether any Care of Mag\-ical Creatures teacher at Hogwarts could be up to the job. \ldblquote Zey are very strong. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I assure you that Hagrid will be well up to the job,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore, smiling.\par
\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  said Madame Maxime, bowing slightly. \ldblquote Will you please inform zis \rquote Agrid zat ze \rquote orses drink only single-malt whiskey?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It will be attended to,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, also bowing.\par
\ldblquote Come,\rdblquote  said Madame Maxime imperiously to her students, and the Hogwarts crowd parted to allow her and her students to pass up the stone steps.\par
\ldblquote How big d\rquote you reckon Durmstrang\rquote s horses are going to be?\rdblquote  Seamus Finnigan said, leaning around Lavender and Parvati to ad\-dress Harry and Ron.\par
\ldblquote Well, if they\rquote re any bigger than this lot, even Hagrid won\rquote t be able to handle them,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote That\rquote s if he hasn\rquote t been attacked by his skrewts. Wonder what\rquote s up with them?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe they\rquote ve escaped,\rdblquote  said Ron hopefully.\par
\ldblquote Oh don\rquote t say that,\rdblquote  said Hermione with a shudder. \ldblquote Imagine that lot loose on the grounds. \'85\rdblquote\par
They stood, shivering slightly now, waiting for the Durmstrang party to arrive. Most people were gazing hopefully up at the sky. For a few minutes, the silence was broken only by Madame Maxime\rquote s huge horses snorting and stamping. But then \emdash\par
\ldblquote Can you hear something?\rdblquote  said Ron suddenly.\par
Harry listened; a loud and oddly eerie noise was drifting toward them from out of the darkness: a muffled rumbling and sucking sound, as though an immense vacuum cleaner were moving along a riverbed. \'85\par
\ldblquote The lake!\rdblquote  yelled Lee Jordan, pointing down at it. \ldblquote Look at the lake!\rdblquote\par
From their position at the top of the lawns overlooking the grounds, they had a clear view of the smooth black surface of the water \emdash  except that the surface was suddenly not smooth at all. Some disturbance was taking place deep in the center; great bub\-bles were forming on the surface, waves were now washing over the muddy banks \emdash  and then, out in the very middle of the lake, a whirlpool appeared, as if a giant plug had just been pulled out of the lake\rquote s floor. \'85\par
What seemed to be a long, black pole began to rise slowly out of the heart of the whirlpool \'85 and then Harry saw the rigging. \'85\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a mast!\rdblquote  he said to Ron and Hermione.\par
Slowly, magnificently, the ship rose out of the water, gleaming in the moonlight. It had a strangely skeletal look about it, as though it were a resurrected wreck, and the dim, misty lights shimmering at its portholes looked like ghostly eyes. Finally, with a great slosh\-ing noise, the ship emerged entirely, bobbing on the turbulent water, and began to glide toward the bank. A few moments later, they heard the splash of an anchor being thrown down in the shal\-lows, and the thud of a plank being lowered onto the bank.\par
People were disembarking; they could see their silhouettes passing the lights in the ship\rquote s portholes. All of them, Harry no\-ticed, seemed to be built along the lines of Crabbe and Goyle \'85 but then, as they drew nearer, walking up the lawns into the light streaming from the entrance hall, he saw that their bulk was really due to the fact that they were wearing cloaks of some kind of shaggy, matted fur. But the man who was leading them up to the castle was wearing furs of a different sort: sleek and silver, like his hair.\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore!\rdblquote  he called heartily as he walked up the slope. \ldblquote How are you, my dear fellow, how are you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Blooming, thank you, Professor Karkaroff,\rdblquote  Dumbledore replied.\par
Karkaroff had a fruity, unctuous voice; when he stepped into the light pouring from the front doors of the castle they saw that he was tall and thin like Dumbledore, but his white hair was short, and his goatee (finishing in a small curl) did not entirely hide his rather weak chin. When he reached Dumbledore, he shook hands with both of his own.\par
\ldblquote Dear old Hogwarts,\rdblquote  he said, looking up at the castle and smil\-ing; his teeth were rather yellow, and Harry noticed that his smile did not extend to his eyes, which remained cold and shrewd. \ldblquote How good it is to be here, how good. \'85 Viktor, come along, into the warmth \'85 you don\rquote t mind, Dumbledore? Viktor has a slight head cold. \'85\rdblquote\par
Karkaroff beckoned forward one of his students. As the boy passed, Harry caught a glimpse of a prominent curved nose and thick black eyebrows. He didn\rquote t need the punch on the arm Ron gave him, or the hiss in his ear, to recognize that profile.\par
\ldblquote Harry \emdash  \i it\rquote s Krum\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 16\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Goblet of Fire\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe it!\rdblquote  Ron said, in a stunned voice, as the Hogwarts students filed back up the steps behind the party from Durm\-strang. \ldblquote Krum, Harry! \i Viktor Krum\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote For heaven\rquote s sake, Ron, he\rquote s only a Quidditch player,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote\i Only a Quidditch player\i0 ?\rdblquote  Ron said, looking at her as though he couldn\rquote t believe his ears. \ldblquote Hermione \emdash  he\rquote s one of the best Seekers in the world! I had no idea he was still at school!\rdblquote\par
As they recrossed the entrance hall with the rest of the Hogwarts students heading for the Great Hall, Harry saw Lee Jordan jump\-ing up and down on the soles of his feet to get a better look at the back of Krum\rquote s head. Several sixth-year girls were frantically search\-ing their pockets as they walked \emdash\par
\ldblquote Oh I don\rquote t believe it, I haven\rquote t got a single quill on me \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote D\rquote you think he\rquote d sign my hat in lipstick?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Really,\i0\rdblquote  Hermione said loftily as they passed the girls, now squabbling over the lipstick.\par
\ldblquote\i I\rquote m\i0  getting his autograph if I can,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t got a quill, have you, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nope, they\rquote re upstairs in my bag,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
They walked over to the Gryffindor table and sat down. Ron took care to sit on the side facing the doorway, because Krum and his fellow Durmstrang students were still gathered around it, appar\-ently unsure about where they should sit. The students from Beaux\-batons had chosen seats at the Ravenclaw table. They were looking around the Great Hall with glum expressions on their faces. Three of them were still clutching scarves and shawls around their heads.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not \i that\i0  cold,\rdblquote  said Hermione defensively. \ldblquote Why didn\rquote t they bring cloaks?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Over here! Come and sit over here!\rdblquote  Ron hissed. \ldblquote Over here! Hermione, budge up, make a space \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Too late,\rdblquote  said Ron bitterly.\par
Viktor Krum and his fellow Durmstrang students had settled themselves at the Slytherin table. Harry could see Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle looking very smug about this. As he watched, Malfoy bent forward to speak to Krum.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote s right, smarm up to him, Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Ron scathingly. \ldblquote I bet Krum can see right through him, though \'85 bet he gets people fawning over him all the time. \'85 Where d\rquote you reckon they\rquote re going to sleep? We could offer him a space in our dormitory, Harry \'85 I wouldn\rquote t mind giving him my bed, I could kip on a camp bed.\rdblquote\par
Hermione snorted.\par
\ldblquote They look a lot happier than the Beauxbatons lot,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
The Durmstrang students were pulling off their heavy furs and looking up at the starry black ceiling with expressions of interest; a couple of them were picking up the golden plates and goblets and examining them, apparently impressed.\par
Up at the staff table, Filch, the caretaker, was adding chairs. He was wearing his moldy old tailcoat in honor of the occasion. Harry was surprised to see that he added four chairs, two on either side of Dumbledore\rquote s.\par
\ldblquote But there are only two extra people,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote Why\rquote s Filch putting out four chairs, who else is coming?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Eh?\rdblquote  said Ron vaguely. He was still staring avidly at Krum.\par
When all the students had entered the Hall and settled down at their House tables, the staff entered, filing up to the top table and taking their seats. Last in line were Professor Dumbledore, Profes\-sor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime. When their headmistress ap\-peared, the pupils from Beauxbatons leapt to their feet. A few of the Hogwarts students laughed. The Beauxbatons party appeared quite unembarrassed, however, and did not resume their seats un\-til Madame Maxime had sat down on Dumbledore\rquote s left-hand side. Dumbledore remained standing, and a silence fell over the Great Hall.\par
\ldblquote Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, ghosts and \emdash  most partic\-ularly \emdash  guests,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, beaming around at the foreign students. \ldblquote I have great pleasure in welcoming you all to Hogwarts. I hope and trust that your stay here will be both comfortable and enjoyable.\rdblquote\par
One of the Beauxbatons girls still clutching a muffler around her head gave what was unmistakably a derisive laugh.\par
\ldblquote No one\rquote s making you stay!\rdblquote  Hermione whispered, bristling at her.\par
\ldblquote The tournament will be officially opened at the end of the feast,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I now invite you all to eat, drink, and make yourselves at home!\rdblquote\par
He sat down, and Harry saw Karkaroff lean forward at once and engage him in conversation.\par
The plates in front of them filled with food as usual. The house-elves in the kitchen seemed to have pulled out all the stops; there was a greater variety of dishes in front of them than Harry had ever seen, including several that were definitely foreign.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s \i that\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Ron, pointing at a large dish of some sort of shellfish stew that stood beside a large steak-and-kidney pudding.\par
\ldblquote Bouillabaisse,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Bless you,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s \i French,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote I had it on holiday summer before last. It\rquote s very nice.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll take your word for it,\rdblquote  said Ron, helping himself to black pudding.\par
The Great Hall seemed somehow much more crowded than usual, even though there were barely twenty additional students there; perhaps it was because their differently colored uniforms stood out so clearly against the black of the Hogwarts\rquote  robes. Now that they had removed their furs, the Durmstrang students were re\-vealed to be wearing robes of a deep bloodred.\par
Hagrid sidled into the Hall through a door behind the staff table twenty minutes after the start of the feast. He slid into his seat at the end and waved at Harry, Ron, and Hermione with a very heav\-ily bandaged hand.\par
\ldblquote Skrewts doing all right, Hagrid?\rdblquote  Harry called.\par
\ldblquote Thrivin\rquote ,\rdblquote  Hagrid called back happily.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I\rquote ll just bet they are,\rdblquote  said Ron quietly. \ldblquote Looks like they\rquote ve finally found a food they like, doesn\rquote t it? Hagrid\rquote s fingers.\rdblquote\par
At that moment, a voice said, \ldblquote Excuse me, are you wanting ze bouillabaisse?\rdblquote\par
It was the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dum\-bledore\rquote s speech. She had finally removed her muffler. A long sheet of silvery-blonde hair fell almost to her waist. She had large, deep blue eyes, and very white, even teeth.\par
Ron went purple. He stared up at her, opened his mouth to re\-ply, but nothing came out except a faint gurgling noise.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, have it,\rdblquote  said Harry, pushing the dish toward the girl.\par
\ldblquote You \rquote ave finished wiz it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  Ron said breathlessly. \ldblquote Yeah, it was excellent.\rdblquote\par
The girl picked up the dish and carried it carefully off to the Ravenclaw table. Ron was still goggling at the girl as though he had never seen one before. Harry started to laugh. The sound seemed to jog Ron back to his senses.\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s a \i veela\i0 !\rdblquote  he said hoarsely to Harry.\par
\ldblquote Of course she isn\rquote t!\rdblquote  said Hermione tartly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t see anyone else gaping at her like an idiot!\rdblquote\par
But she wasn\rquote t entirely right about that. As the girl crossed the Hall, many boys\rquote  heads turned, and some of them seemed to have become temporarily speechless, just like Ron.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m telling you, that\rquote s not a normal girl!\rdblquote  said Ron, leaning sideways so he could keep a clear view of her. \ldblquote They don\rquote t make them like that at Hogwarts!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They make them okay at Hogwarts,\rdblquote  said Harry without think\-ing. Cho happened to be sitting only a few places away from the girl with the silvery hair.\par
\ldblquote When you\rquote ve both put your eyes back in,\rdblquote  said Hermione briskly, \ldblquote you\rquote ll be able to see who\rquote s just arrived.\rdblquote\par
She was pointing up at the staff table. The two remaining empty seats had just been filled. Ludo Bagman was now sitting on Profes\-sor Karkaroff\rquote s other side, while Mr. Crouch, Percy\rquote s boss, was next to Madame Maxime.\par
\ldblquote What are \i they\i0  doing here?\rdblquote  said Harry in surprise.\par
\ldblquote They organized the Triwizard Tournament, didn\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I suppose they wanted to be here to see it start.\rdblquote\par
When the second course arrived they noticed a number of unfa\-miliar desserts too. Ron examined an odd sort of pale blancmange closely, then moved it carefully a few inches to his right, so that it would be clearly visible from the Ravenclaw table. The girl who looked like a veela appeared to have eaten enough, however, and did not come over to get it.\par
Once the golden plates had been wiped clean, Dumbledore stood up again. A pleasant sort of tension seemed to fill the Hall now. Harry felt a slight thrill of excitement, wondering what was coming. Several seats down from them, Fred and George were leaning forward, staring at Dumbledore with great concentration.\par
\ldblquote The moment has come,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling around at the sea of upturned faces. \ldblquote The Triwizard Tournament is about to start. I would like to say a few words of explanation before we bring in the casket \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The what?\rdblquote  Harry muttered.\par
Ron shrugged.\par
\ldblquote\emdash  just to clarify the procedure that we will be following this year. But first, let me introduce, for those who do not know them, Mr. Bartemius Crouch, Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation\rdblquote  \emdash  there was a smattering of polite ap\-plause \emdash  \ldblquote and Mr. Ludo Bagman, Head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports.\rdblquote\par
There was a much louder round of applause for Bagman than for Crouch, perhaps because of his fame as a Beater, or simply be\-cause he looked so much more likable. He acknowledged it with a jovial wave of his hand. Bartemius Crouch did not smile or wave when his name was announced. Remembering him in his neat suit at the Quidditch World Cup, Harry thought he looked strange in wizard\rquote s robes. His toothbrush mustache and severe parting looked very odd next to Dumbledore\rquote s long white hair and beard.\par
\ldblquote Mr. Bagman and Mr. Crouch have worked tirelessly over the last few months on the arrangements for the Triwizard Tourna\-ment,\rdblquote  Dumbledore continued, \ldblquote and they will be joining myself, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime on the panel that will judge the champions\rquote  efforts.\rdblquote\par
At the mention of the word \ldblquote champions,\rdblquote  the attentiveness of the listening students seemed to sharpen. Perhaps Dumbledore had noticed their sudden stillness, for he smiled as he said, \ldblquote The casket, then, if you please, Mr. Filch.\rdblquote\par
Filch, who had been lurking unnoticed in a far corner of the Hall, now approached Dumbledore carrying a great wooden chest encrusted with jewels. It looked extremely old. A murmur of excited interest rose from the watching students; Dennis Creevey actually stood on his chair to see it properly, but, being so tiny, his head hardly rose above anyone else\rquote s.\par
\ldblquote The instructions for the tasks the champions will face this year have already been examined by Mr. Crouch and Mr. Bagman,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore as Filch placed the chest carefully on the table before him, \ldblquote and they have made the necessary arrangements for each challenge. There will be three tasks, spaced throughout the school year, and they will test the champions in many different ways \'85 their magical prowess \emdash  their daring \emdash  their powers of deduc\-tion \emdash  and, of course, their ability to cope with danger.\rdblquote\par
At this last word, the Hall was filled with a silence so absolute that nobody seemed to be breathing.\par
\ldblquote As you know, three champions compete in the tournament,\rdblquote  Dumbledore went on calmly, \ldblquote one from each of the participating schools. They will be marked on how well they perform each of the Tournament tasks and the champion with the highest total after task three will win the Triwizard Cup. The champions will be cho\-sen by an impartial selector: the Goblet of Fire.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore now took out his wand and tapped three times upon the top of the casket. The lid creaked slowly open. Dumble\-dore reached inside it and pulled out a large, roughly hewn wooden cup. It would have been entirely unremarkable had it not been full to the brim with dancing blue-white flames.\par
Dumbledore closed the casket and placed the goblet carefully on top of it, where it would be clearly visible to everyone in the Hall.\par
\ldblquote Anybody wishing to submit themselves as champion must write their name and school clearly upon a slip of parchment and drop it into the goblet,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Aspiring champions have twenty-four hours in which to put their names forward. Tomorrow night, Halloween, the goblet will return the names of the three it has judged most worthy to represent their schools. The goblet will be placed in the entrance hall tonight, where it will be freely acces\-sible to all those wishing to compete.\par
\ldblquote To ensure that no underage student yields to temptation,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote I will be drawing an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once it has been placed in the entrance hall. Nobody under the age of seventeen will be able to cross this line.\par
\ldblquote Finally, I wish to impress upon any of you wishing to compete that this tournament is not to be entered into lightly. Once a cham\-pion has been selected by the Goblet of Fire, he or she is obliged to see the tournament through to the end. The placing of your name in the goblet constitutes a binding, magical contract. There can be no change of heart once you have become a champion. Please be very sure, therefore, that you are wholeheartedly prepared to play before you drop your name into the goblet. Now, I think it is time for bed. Good night to you all.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote An Age Line!\rdblquote  Fred Weasley said, his eyes glinting, as they all made their way across the Hall to the doors into the entrance hall. \ldblquote Well, that should be fooled by an Aging Potion, shouldn\rquote t it? And once your name\rquote s in that goblet, you\rquote re laughing \emdash  it can\rquote t tell whether you\rquote re seventeen or not!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But I don\rquote t think anyone under seventeen will stand a chance,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote we just haven\rquote t learned enough \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Speak for yourself,\rdblquote  said George shortly. \ldblquote You\rquote ll try and get in, won\rquote t you, Harry?\rdblquote\par
Harry thought briefly of Dumbledore\rquote s insistence that nobody under seventeen should submit their name, but then the wonder\-ful picture of himself winning the Triwizard Tournament filled his mind again. \'85 He wondered how angry Dumbledore would be if someone younger than seventeen \i did\i0  find a way to get over the Age Line. \'85\par
\ldblquote Where is he?\rdblquote  said Ron, who wasn\rquote t listening to a word of this conversation, but looking through the crowd to see what had be\-come of Krum. \ldblquote Dumbledore didn\rquote t say where the Durmstrang people are sleeping, did he?\rdblquote\par
But this query was answered almost instantly; they were level with the Slytherin table now, and Karkaroff had just bustled up to his students.\par
\ldblquote Back to the ship, then,\rdblquote  he was saying. \ldblquote Viktor, how are you feeling? Did you eat enough? Should I send for some mulled wine from the kitchens?\rdblquote\par
Harry saw Krum shake his head as he pulled his furs back on.\par
\ldblquote Professor, \i I\i0  vood like some vine,\rdblquote  said one of the other Durm\-strang boys hopefully.\par
\ldblquote I wasn\rquote t offering it to \i you,\i0  Poliakoff,\rdblquote  snapped Karkaroff, his warmly paternal air vanishing in an instant. \ldblquote I notice you have dribbled food all down the front of your robes again, disgusting boy \emdash\rdblquote\par
Karkaroff turned and led his students toward the doors, reaching them at exactly the same moment as Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Harry stopped to let him walk through first.\par
\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff carelessly, glancing at him.\par
And then Karkaroff froze. He turned his head back to Harry and stared at him as though he couldn\rquote t believe his eyes. Behind their headmaster, the students from Durmstrang came to a halt too. Karkaroff\rquote s eyes moved slowly up Harry\rquote s face and fixed upon his scar. The Durmstrang students were staring curiously at Harry too. Out of the corner of his eye, Harry saw comprehension dawn on a few of their faces. The boy with food all down his front nudged the girl next to him and pointed openly at Harry\rquote s forehead.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote s Harry Potter,\rdblquote  said a growling voice from behind them.\par
Professor Karkaroff spun around. Mad-Eye Moody was standing there, leaning heavily on his staff, his magical eye glaring unblink\-ingly at the Durmstrang headmaster.\par
The color drained from Karkaroff\rquote s face as Harry watched. A terrible look of mingled fury and fear came over him.\par
\ldblquote You!\rdblquote  he said, staring at Moody as though unsure he was really seeing him.\par
\ldblquote Me,\rdblquote  said Moody grimly. \ldblquote And unless you\rquote ve got anything to say to Potter, Karkaroff, you might want to move. You\rquote re blocking the doorway.\rdblquote\par
It was true; half the students in the Hall were now waiting be\-hind them, looking over one another\rquote s shoulders to see what was causing the holdup.\par
Without another word, Professor Karkaroff swept his students away with him. Moody watched him until he was out of sight, his magical eye fixed upon his back, a look of intense dislike upon his mutilated face.\par
\par
As the next day was Saturday, most students would normally have breakfasted late. Harry, Ron, and Hermione, however, were not alone in rising much earlier than they usually did on weekends. When they went down into the entrance hall, they saw about twenty people milling around it, some of them eating toast, all ex\-amining the Goblet of Fire. It had been placed in the center of the hall on the stool that normally bore the Sorting Hat. A thin golden line had been traced on the floor, forming a circle ten feet around it in every direction.\par
\ldblquote Anyone put their name in yet?\rdblquote  Ron asked a third-year girl eagerly.\par
\ldblquote All the Durmstrang lot,\rdblquote  she replied. \ldblquote But I haven\rquote t seen anyone from Hogwarts yet.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Bet some of them put it in last night after we\rquote d all gone to bed,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I would\rquote ve if it had been me \'85 wouldn\rquote t have wanted everyone watching. What if the goblet just gobbed you right back out again?\rdblquote\par
Someone laughed behind Harry. Turning, he saw Fred, George, and Lee Jordan hurrying down the staircase, all three of them look\-ing extremely excited.\par
\ldblquote Done it,\rdblquote  Fred said in a triumphant whisper to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. \ldblquote Just taken it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote The Aging Potion, dung brains,\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
\ldblquote One drop each,\rdblquote  said George, rubbing his hands together with glee. \ldblquote We only need to be a few months older.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re going to split the thousand Galleons between the three of us if one of us wins,\rdblquote  said Lee, grinning broadly.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not sure this is going to work, you know,\rdblquote  said Hermione warningly \ldblquote I\rquote m sure Dumbledore will have thought of this.\rdblquote\par
Fred, George, and Lee ignored her.\par
\ldblquote Ready?\rdblquote  Fred said to the other two, quivering with excitement. \ldblquote C\rquote mon, then \emdash  I\rquote ll go first \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry watched, fascinated, as Fred pulled a slip of parchment out of his pocket bearing the words \i Fred Weasley\i0  \emdash  \i Hogwarts.\i0  Fred walked right up to the edge of the line and stood there, rocking on his toes like a diver preparing for a fifty-foot drop. Then, with the eyes of every person in the entrance hall upon him, he took a great breath and stepped over the line.\par
For a split second Harry thought it had worked \emdash  George cer\-tainly thought so, for he let out a yell of triumph and leapt after Fred \emdash  but next moment, there was a loud sizzling sound, and both twins were hurled out of the golden circle as though they had been thrown by an invisible shot-putter. They landed painfully, ten feet away on the cold stone floor, and to add insult to injury, there was a loud popping noise, and both of them sprouted identical long white beards.\par
The entrance hall rang with laughter. Even Fred and George joined in, once they had gotten to their feet and taken a good look at each other\rquote s beards.\par
\ldblquote I did warn you,\rdblquote  said a deep, amused voice, and everyone turned to see Professor Dumbledore coming out of the Great Hall. He surveyed Fred and George, his eyes twinkling. \ldblquote I suggest you both go up to Madam Pomfrey. She is already tending to Miss Faw\-cett, of Ravenclaw, and Mr. Summers, of Hufflepuff, both of whom decided to age themselves up a little too. Though I must say, neither of their beards is anything like as fine as yours.\rdblquote\par
Fred and George set off for the hospital wing, accompanied by Lee, who was howling with laughter, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione, also chortling, went in to breakfast.\par
The decorations in the Great Hall had changed this morning. As it was Halloween, a cloud of live bats was fluttering around the enchanted ceiling, while hundreds of carved pumpkins leered from every corner. Harry led the way over to Dean and Seamus, who were discussing those Hogwarts students of seventeen or over who might be entering.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s a rumor going around that Warrington got up early and put his name in,\rdblquote  Dean told Harry. \ldblquote That big bloke from Slytherin who looks like a sloth.\rdblquote\par
Harry, who had played Quidditch against Warrington, shook his head in disgust.\par
\ldblquote We can\rquote t have a Slytherin champion!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And all the Hufflepuffs are talking about Diggory,\rdblquote  said Seamus contemptuously. \ldblquote But I wouldn\rquote t have thought he\rquote d have wanted to risk his good looks.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Listen!\rdblquote  said Hermione suddenly.\par
People were cheering out in the entrance hall. They all swiveled around in their seats and saw Angelina Johnson coming into the Hall, grinning in an embarrassed sort of way. A tall black girl who played Chaser on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, Angelina came over to them, sat down, and said, \ldblquote Well, I\rquote ve done it! Just put my name in!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re kidding!\rdblquote  said Ron, looking impressed.\par
\ldblquote Are you seventeen, then?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Course she is, can\rquote t see a beard, can you?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote I had my birthday last week,\rdblquote  said Angelina.\par
\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m glad someone from Gryffindor\rquote s entering,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I really hope you get it, Angelina!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thanks, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Angelina, smiling at her.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, better you than Pretty-Boy Diggory,\rdblquote  said Seamus, caus\-ing several Hufflepuffs passing their table to scowl heavily at him.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote re we going to do today, then?\rdblquote  Ron asked Harry and Hermione when they had finished breakfast and were leaving the Great Hall.\par
\ldblquote We haven\rquote t been down to visit Hagrid yet,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote just as long as he doesn\rquote t ask us to donate a few fingers to the skrewts.\rdblquote\par
A look of great excitement suddenly dawned on Hermione\rquote s face.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve just realized \emdash  I haven\rquote t asked Hagrid to join S.P.E.W. yet!\rdblquote  she said brightly. \ldblquote Wait for me, will you, while I nip upstairs and get the badges?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What is it with her?\rdblquote  said Ron, exasperated, as Hermione ran away up the marble staircase.\par
\ldblquote Hey, Ron,\rdblquote  said Harry suddenly. \ldblquote It\rquote s your friend \'85\rdblquote\par
The students from Beauxbatons were coming through the front doors from the grounds, among them, the veela-girl. Those gath\-ered around the Goblet of Fire stood back to let them pass, watch\-ing eagerly.\par
Madame Maxime entered the hall behind her students and or\-ganized them into a line. One by one, the Beauxbatons students stepped across the Age Line and dropped their slips of parchment into the blue-white flames. As each name entered the fire, it turned briefly red and emitted sparks.\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon\rquote ll happen to the ones who aren\rquote t chosen?\rdblquote  Ron muttered to Harry as the veela-girl dropped her parchment into the Goblet of Fire. \ldblquote Reckon they\rquote ll go back to school, or hang around to watch the tournament?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Hang around, I suppose. \'85 Madame Maxime\rquote s staying to judge, isn\rquote t she?\rdblquote\par
When all the Beauxbatons students had submitted their names, Madame Maxime led them back out of the hall and out onto the grounds again.\par
\ldblquote Where are \i they \i0 sleeping, then?\rdblquote  said Ron, moving toward the front doors and staring after them.\par
A loud rattling noise behind them announced Hermione\rquote s re\-appearance with the box of S.P.E.W. badges.\par
\ldblquote Oh good, hurry up,\rdblquote  said Ron, and he jumped down the stone steps, keeping his eyes on the back of the veela-girl, who was now halfway across the lawn with Madame Maxime.\par
As they neared Hagrid\rquote s cabin on the edge of the Forbidden For\-est, the mystery of the Beauxbatons\rquote  sleeping quarters was solved. The gigantic powder-blue carriage in which they had arrived had been parked two hundred yards from Hagrid\rquote s front door, and the students were climbing back inside it. The elephantine flying horses that had pulled the carriage were now grazing in a makeshift paddock alongside it.\par
Harry knocked on Hagrid\rquote s door, and Fang\rquote s booming barks an\-swered instantly\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Bout time!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, when he\rquote d flung open the door. \ldblquote Thought you lot\rquote d forgotten where I live!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ve been really busy, Hag \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione started to say, but then she stopped dead, looking up at Hagrid, apparently lost for words.\par
Hagrid was wearing his best (and very horrible) hairy brown suit, plus a checked yellow-and-orange tie. This wasn\rquote t the worst of it, though; he had evidently tried to tame his hair, using large quantities of what appeared to be axle grease. It was now slicked down into two bunches \emdash  perhaps he had tried a ponytail like Bill\rquote s, but found he had too much hair. The look didn\rquote t really suit Hagrid at all. For a moment, Hermione goggled at him, then, ob\-viously deciding not to comment, she said, \ldblquote Erm \emdash  where are the skrewts?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Out by the pumpkin patch,\rdblquote  said Hagrid happily. \ldblquote They\rquote re get\-tin\rquote  massive, mus\rquote  be nearly three foot long now. On\rquote y trouble is, they\rquote ve started killin\rquote  each other.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh no, really?\rdblquote  said Hermione, shooting a repressive look at Ron, who, staring at Hagrid\rquote s odd hairstyle, had just opened his mouth to say something about it.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Hagrid sadly. \ldblquote  \rquote S\rquote  okay, though, I\rquote ve got \rquote em in sep\-arate boxes now. Still got abou\rquote  twenty.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s lucky,\rdblquote  said Ron. Hagrid missed the sarcasm.\par
Hagrid\rquote s cabin comprised a single room, in one corner of which was a gigantic bed covered in a patchwork quilt. A similarly enor\-mous wooden table and chairs stood in front of the fire beneath the quantity of cured hams and dead birds hanging from the ceiling. They sat down at the table while Hagrid started to make tea, and were soon immersed in yet more discussion of the Triwizard Tour\-nament. Hagrid seemed quite as excited about it as they were.\par
\ldblquote You wait,\rdblquote  he said, grinning. \ldblquote You jus\rquote  wait. Yer going ter see some stuff yeh\rquote ve never seen before. Firs\rquote  task \'85 ah, but I\rquote m not supposed ter say.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Go on, Hagrid!\rdblquote  Harry, Ron, and Hermione urged him, but he just shook his head, grinning.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote  want ter spoil it fer yeh,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote But it\rquote s gonna be spectacular, I\rquote ll tell yeh that. Them champions\rquote re going ter have their work cut out. Never thought I\rquote d live ter see the Triwizard Tournament played again!\rdblquote\par
They ended up having lunch with Hagrid, though they didn\rquote t eat much \emdash  Hagrid had made what he said was a beef casserole, but after Hermione unearthed a large talon in hers, she, Harry, and Ron rather lost their appetites. However, they enjoyed themselves trying to make Hagrid tell them what the tasks in the tournament were going to be, speculating which of the entrants were likely to be selected as champions, and wondering whether Fred and George were beardless yet.\par
A light rain had started to fall by midafternoon; it was very cozy sitting by the fire, listening to the gentle patter of the drops on the window, watching Hagrid darning his socks and arguing with Her\-mione about house-elves \emdash  for he flatly refused to join S.P.E.W. when she showed him her badges.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote d be doin\rquote  \rquote em an unkindness, Hermione,\rdblquote  he said gravely, threading a massive bone needle with thick yellow yarn. \ldblquote It\rquote s in their nature ter look after humans, that\rquote s what they like, see? Yeh\rquote d be makin\rquote  \rquote em unhappy ter take away their work, an\rquote  insultin\rquote  \rquote em if yeh tried ter pay \rquote em.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But Harry set Dobby free, and he was over the moon about it!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote\i And\i0  we heard he\rquote s asking for wages now!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, well, yeh get weirdos in every breed. I\rquote m not sayin\rquote  there isn\rquote t the odd elf who\rquote d take freedom, but yeh\rquote ll never persuade most of \rquote em ter do it \emdash  no, nothin\rquote  doin\rquote , Hermione.\rdblquote\par
Hermione looked very cross indeed and stuffed her box of badges back into her cloak pocket.\par
By half past five it was growing dark, and Ron, Harry, and Hermione decided it was time to get back up to the castle for the Halloween feast \emdash  and, more important, the announcement of the school champions.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll come with yeh,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, putting away his darning. \ldblquote Jus\rquote  give us a sec.\rdblquote\par
Hagrid got up, went across to the chest of drawers beside his bed, and began searching for something inside it. They didn\rquote t pay too much attention until a truly horrible smell reached their nos\-trils. Coughing, Ron said, \ldblquote Hagrid, what\rquote s that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Eh?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, turning around with a large bottle in his hand. \ldblquote Don\rquote  yeh like it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Is that aftershave?\rdblquote  said Hermione in a slightly choked voice.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  eau de cologne,\rdblquote  Hagrid muttered. He was blushing. \ldblquote Maybe it\rquote s a bit much,\rdblquote  he said gruffly. \ldblquote I\rquote ll go take it off, hang on \'85\par
He stumped out of the cabin, and they saw him washing himself vigorously in the water barrel outside the window.\par
\ldblquote Eau de cologne?\rdblquote  said Hermione in amazement. \ldblquote\i Hagrid\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And what\rquote s with the hair and the suit?\rdblquote  said Harry in an undertone.\par
\ldblquote Look!\rdblquote  said Ron suddenly, pointing out of the window.\par
Hagrid had just straightened up and turned \rquote round. If he had been blushing before, it was nothing to what he was doing now. Getting to their feet very cautiously, so that Hagrid wouldn\rquote t spot them, Harry, Ron, and Hermione peered through the window and saw that Madame Maxime and the Beauxbatons students had just emerged from their carriage, clearly about to set off for the feast too. They couldn\rquote t hear what Hagrid was saying, but he was talking to Madame Maxime with a rapt, misty-eyed expression Harry had only ever seen him wear once before \emdash  when he had been looking at the baby dragon, Norbert.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s going up to the castle with her!\rdblquote  said Hermione indig\-nantly. \ldblquote I thought he was waiting for us!\rdblquote\par
Without so much as a backward glance at his cabin, Hagrid was trudging off up the grounds with Madame Maxime, the Beaux\-batons students following in their wake, jogging to keep up with their enormous strides.\par
\ldblquote He fancies her!\rdblquote  said Ron incredulously. \ldblquote Well, if they end up having children, they\rquote ll be setting a world record \emdash  bet any baby of theirs would weigh about a ton.\rdblquote\par
They let themselves out of the cabin and shut the door behind them. It was surprisingly dark outside. Drawing their cloaks more closely around themselves, they set off up the sloping lawns.\par
\ldblquote Ooh it\rquote s them, look!\rdblquote  Hermione whispered.\par
The Durmstrang party was walking up toward the castle from the lake. Viktor Krum was walking side by side with Karkaroff, and the other Durmstrang students were straggling along behind them. Ron watched Krum excitedly, but Krum did not look around as he reached the front doors a little ahead of Hermione, Ron, and Harry and proceeded through them.\par
When they entered the candlelit Great Hall it was almost full. The Goblet of Fire had been moved; it was now standing in front of Dumbledore\rquote s empty chair at the teachers\rquote  table. Fred and George \emdash  clean-shaven again \emdash  seemed to have taken their disap\-pointment fairly well.\par
\ldblquote Hope it\rquote s Angelina,\rdblquote  said Fred as Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down.\par
\ldblquote So do I!\rdblquote  said Hermione breathlessly. \ldblquote Well, we\rquote ll soon know!\rdblquote\par
The Halloween feast seemed to take much longer than usual. Perhaps because it was their second feast in two days, Harry didn\rquote t seem to fancy the extravagantly prepared food as much as he would have normally. Like everyone else in the Hall, judging by the con\-stantly craning necks, the impatient expressions on every face, the fidgeting, and the standing up to see whether Dumbledore had fin\-ished eating yet, Harry simply wanted the plates to clear, and to hear who had been selected as champions.\par
At long last, the golden plates returned to their original spotless state; there was a sharp upswing in the level of noise within the Hall, which died away almost instantly as Dumbledore got to his feet. On either side of him, Professor Karkaroff and Madame Maxime looked as tense and expectant as anyone. Ludo Bagman was beaming and winking at various students. Mr. Crouch, how\-ever, looked quite uninterested, almost bored.\par
\ldblquote Well, the goblet is almost ready to make its decision,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore. \ldblquote I estimate that it requires one more minute. Now, when the champions\rquote  names are called, I would ask them please to come up to the top of the Hall, walk along the staff table, and go through into the next chamber\rdblquote  \emdash  he indicated the door behind the staff table \emdash  \ldblquote where they will be receiving their first instructions.\rdblquote\par
He took out his wand and gave a great sweeping wave with it; at once, all the candles except those inside the carved pumpkins were extinguished, plunging them into a state of semidarkness. The Goblet of Fire now shone more brightly than anything in the whole Hall, the sparkling bright, bluey-whiteness of the flames al\-most painful on the eyes. Everyone watched, waiting. \'85 A few people kept checking their watches. \'85\par
\ldblquote Any second,\rdblquote  Lee Jordan whispered, two seats away from Harry.\par
The flames inside the goblet turned suddenly red again. Sparks began to fly from it. Next moment, a tongue of flame shot into the air, a charred piece of parchment fluttered out of it \emdash  the whole room gasped.\par
Dumbledore caught the piece of parchment and held it at arm\rquote s length, so that he could read it by the light of the flames, which had turned back to blue-white.\par
\ldblquote The champion for Durmstrang,\rdblquote  he read, in a strong, clear voice, \ldblquote will be Viktor Krum.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No surprises there!\rdblquote  yelled Ron as a storm of applause and cheering swept the Hall. Harry saw Viktor Krum rise from the Slytherin table and slouch up toward Dumbledore; he turned right, walked along the staff table, and disappeared through the door into the next chamber.\par
\ldblquote Bravo, Viktor!\rdblquote  boomed Karkaroff, so loudly that everyone could hear him, even over all the applause. \ldblquote Knew you had it in you!\par
The clapping and chatting died down. Now everyone\rquote s attention was focused again on the goblet, which, seconds later, turned red once more. A second piece of parchment shot out of it, propelled by the flames.\par
\ldblquote The champion for Beauxbatons,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote is Fleur Delacour!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s her, Ron!\rdblquote  Harry shouted as the girl who so resembled a veela got gracefully to her feet, shook back her sheet of silvery blonde hair, and swept up between the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables.\par
\ldblquote Oh look, they\rquote re all disappointed,\rdblquote  Hermione said over the noise, nodding toward the remainder of the Beauxbatons party. \ldblquote Disappointed\rdblquote  was a bit of an understatement, Harry thought. Two of the girls who had not been selected had dissolved into tears and were sobbing with their heads on their arms.\par
When Fleur Delacour too had vanished into the side chamber, silence fell again, but this time it was a silence so stiff with excite\-ment you could almost taste it. The Hogwarts champion next \'85\par
And the Goblet of Fire turned red once more; sparks showered out of it; the tongue of flame shot high into the air, and from its tip Dumbledore pulled the third piece of parchment.\par
\ldblquote The Hogwarts champion,\rdblquote  he called, \ldblquote is Cedric Diggory!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Ron loudly, but nobody heard him except Harry; the uproar from the next table was too great. Every single Hufflepuff had jumped to his or her feet, screaming and stamping, as Cedric made his way past them, grinning broadly, and headed off toward the chamber behind the teachers\rquote  table. Indeed, the applause for Cedric went on so long that it was some time before Dumbledore could make himself heard again.\par
\ldblquote Excellent!\rdblquote  Dumbledore called happily as at last the tumult died down. \ldblquote Well, we now have our three champions. I am sure I can count upon all of you, including the remaining students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, to give your champions every ounce of support you can muster. By cheering your champion on, you will contribute in a very real \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Dumbledore suddenly stopped speaking, and it was appar\-ent to everybody what had distracted him.\par
The fire in the goblet had just turned red again. Sparks were fly\-ing out of it. A long flame shot suddenly into the air, and borne upon it was another piece of parchment.\par
Automatically, it seemed, Dumbledore reached out a long hand and seized the parchment. He held it out and stared at the name written upon it. There was a long pause, during which Dumble\-dore stared at the slip in his hands, and everyone in the room stared at Dumbledore. And then Dumbledore cleared his throat and read out \emdash\par
\ldblquote\i Harry Potter.\i0\rdblquote\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 17\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Four Champions\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Harry sat there, aware that every head in the Great Hall had turned to look at him. He was stunned. He felt numb. He was surely dreaming. He had not heard correctly.\par
There was no applause. A buzzing, as though of angry bees, was starting to fill the Hall; some students were standing up to get a better look at Harry as he sat, frozen, in his seat.\par
Up at the top table, Professor McGonagall had got to her feet and swept past Ludo Bagman and Professor Karkaroff to whisper urgently to Professor Dumbledore, who bent his ear toward her, frowning slightly.\par
Harry turned to Ron and Hermione; beyond them, he saw the long Gryffindor table all watching him, openmouthed.\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t put my name in,\rdblquote  Harry said blankly. \ldblquote You know I didn\rquote t.\rdblquote\par
Both of them stared just as blankly back.\par
At the top table, Professor Dumbledore had straightened up, nodding to Professor McGonagall.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter!\rdblquote  he called again. \ldblquote Harry! Up here, if you please!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Go on,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered, giving Harry a slight push.\par
Harry got to his feet, trod on the hem of his robes, and stumbled slightly. He set off up the gap between the Gryffindor and Huffle\-puff tables. It felt like an immensely long walk; the top table didn\rquote t seem to be getting any nearer at all, and he could feel hundreds and hundreds of eyes upon him, as though each were a searchlight. The buzzing grew louder and louder. After what seemed like an hour, he was right in front of Dumbledore, feeling the stares of all the teachers upon him.\par
\ldblquote Well \'85 through the door, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. He wasn\rquote t smiling.\par
Harry moved off along the teachers\rquote  table. Hagrid was seated right at the end. He did not wink at Harry, or wave, or give any of his usual signs of greeting. He looked completely astonished and stared at Harry as he passed like everyone else. Harry went through the door out of the Great Hall and found himself in a smaller room, lined with paintings of witches and wizards. A handsome fire was roaring in the fireplace opposite him.\par
The faces in the portraits turned to look at him as he entered. He saw a wizened witch flit out of the frame of her picture and into the one next to it, which contained a wizard with a walrus mus\-tache. The wizened witch started whispering in his ear.\par
Viktor Krum, Cedric Diggory, and Fleur Delacour were grouped around the fire. They looked strangely impressive, silhouetted against the flames. Krum, hunched-up and brooding, was leaning against the mantelpiece, slightly apart from the other two. Cedric was standing with his hands behind his back, staring into the fire. Fleur Delacour looked around when Harry walked in and threw back her sheet of long, silvery hair.\par
\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Do zey want us back in ze Hall?\rdblquote\par
She thought he had come to deliver a message. Harry didn\rquote t know how to explain what had just happened. He just stood there, looking at the three champions. It struck him how very tall all of them were.\par
There was a sound of scurrying feet behind him, and Ludo Bag\-man entered the room. He took Harry by the arm and led him forward.\par
\ldblquote Extraordinary!\rdblquote  he muttered, squeezing Harry\rquote s arm. \ldblquote Absolutely extraordinary! Gentlemen \'85 lady,\rdblquote  he added, approaching the fire\-side and addressing the other three. \ldblquote May I introduce \emdash  incredible though it may seem \emdash  the \i fourth\i0  Triwizard champion?\rdblquote\par
Viktor Krum straightened up. His surly face darkened as he sur\-veyed Harry. Cedric looked nonplussed. He looked from Bagman to Harry and back again as though sure he must have misheard what Bagman had said. Fleur Delacour, however, tossed her hair, smiling, and said, \ldblquote Oh, vairy funny joke, Meester Bagman.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Joke?\rdblquote  Bagman repeated, bewildered. \ldblquote No, no, not at all! Harry\rquote s name just came out of the Goblet of Fire!\rdblquote\par
Krum\rquote s thick eyebrows contracted slightly. Cedric was still look\-ing politely bewildered. Fleur frowned.\par
\ldblquote But evidently zair \rquote as been a mistake,\rdblquote  she said contemptuously to Bagman. \ldblquote  \rquote E cannot compete. \rquote E is too young.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well \'85 it is amazing,\rdblquote  said Bagman, rubbing his smooth chin and smiling down at Harry. \ldblquote But, as you know, the age restriction was only imposed this year as an extra safety measure. And as his name\rquote s come out of the goblet \'85 I mean, I don\rquote t think there can be any ducking out at this stage. \'85 It\rquote s down in the rules, you\rquote re obliged \'85 Harry will just have to do the best he \emdash\rdblquote\par
The door behind them opened again, and a large group of peo\-ple came in: Professor Dumbledore, followed closely by Mr. Crouch, Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Professor McGo\-nagall, and Professor Snape. Harry heard the buzzing of the hun\-dreds of students on the other side of the wall, before Professor McGonagall closed the door.\par
\ldblquote Madame Maxime!\rdblquote  said Fleur at once, striding over to her headmistress. \ldblquote Zey are saying zat zis little boy is to compete also!\rdblquote\par
Somewhere under Harry\rquote s numb disbelief he felt a ripple of anger. \i Little boy\i0 ?\par
Madame Maxime had drawn herself up to her full, and consid\-erable, height. The top of her handsome head brushed the candle-filled chandelier, and her gigantic black-satin bosom swelled.\par
\ldblquote What is ze meaning of zis, Dumbly-dorr?\rdblquote  she said imperiously.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote d rather like to know that myself, Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Profes\-sor Karkaroff. He was wearing a steely smile, and his blue eyes were like chips of ice. \ldblquote\i Two\i0  Hogwarts champions? I don\rquote t remember any\-one telling me the host school is allowed two champions \emdash  or have I not read the rules carefully enough?\rdblquote\par
He gave a short and nasty laugh.\par
\ldblquote\i C\rquote est impossible,\i0\rdblquote  said Madame Maxime, whose enormous hand with its many superb opals was resting upon Fleur\rquote s shoulder. \ldblquote  \rquote Ogwarts cannot \rquote ave two champions. It is most injust.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We were under the impression that your Age Line would keep out younger contestants, Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff, his steely smile still in place, though his eyes were colder than ever. \ldblquote Other\-wise, we would, of course, have brought along a wider selection of candidates from our own schools.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s no one\rquote s fault but Potter\rquote s, Karkaroff,\rdblquote  said Snape softly. His black eyes were alight with malice. \ldblquote Don\rquote t go blaming Dumbledore for Potter\rquote s determination to break rules. He has been crossing lines ever since he arrived here \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you, Severus,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore firmly, and Snape went quiet, though his eyes still glinted malevolently through his curtain of greasy black hair.\par
Professor Dumbledore was now looking down at Harry, who looked right back at him, trying to discern the expression of the eyes behind the half-moon spectacles.\par
\ldblquote Did you put your name into the Goblet of Fire, Harry?\rdblquote  he asked calmly.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. He was very aware of everybody watching him closely. Snape made a soft noise of impatient disbelief in the shadows.\par
\ldblquote Did you ask an older student to put it into the Goblet of Fire for you?\rdblquote  said Professor Dumbledore, ignoring Snape.\par
\ldblquote\i No,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry vehemently.\par
\ldblquote Ah, but of course \rquote e is lying!\rdblquote  cried Madame Maxime. Snape was now shaking his head, his lip curling.\par
\ldblquote He could not have crossed the Age Line,\rdblquote  said Professor McGo\-nagall sharply. \ldblquote I am sure we are all agreed on that \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dumbly-dorr must \rquote ave made a mistake wiz ze line,\rdblquote  said Madame Maxime, shrugging.\par
\ldblquote It is possible, of course,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore politely\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore, you know perfectly well you did not make a mistake!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall angrily. \ldblquote Really, what non\-sense! Harry could not have crossed the line himself, and as Profes\-sor Dumbledore believes that he did not persuade an older student to do it for him, I\rquote m sure that should be good enough for every\-body else!\rdblquote\par
She shot a very angry look at Professor Snape.\par
\ldblquote Mr. Crouch \'85 Mr. Bagman,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff, his voice unctu\-ous once more, \ldblquote you are our \emdash  er \emdash  objective judges. Surely you will agree that this is most irregular?\rdblquote\par
Bagman wiped his round, boyish face with his handkerchief and looked at Mr. Crouch, who was standing outside the circle of the firelight, his face half hidden in shadow. He looked slightly eerie, the half darkness making him look much older, giving him an al\-most skull-like appearance. When he spoke, however, it was in his usual curt voice.\par
\ldblquote We must follow the rules, and the rules state clearly that those people whose names come out of the Goblet of Fire are bound to compete in the tournament.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, Barty knows the rule book back to front,\rdblquote  said Bagman, beaming and turning back to Karkaroff and Madame Maxime, as though the matter was now closed.\par
\ldblquote I insist upon resubmitting the names of the rest of my stu\-dents,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff. He had dropped his unctuous tone and his smile now. His face wore a very ugly look indeed. \ldblquote You will set up the Goblet of Fire once more, and we will continue adding names until each school has two champions. It\rquote s only fair, Dumbledore.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But Karkaroff, it doesn\rquote t work like that,\rdblquote  said Bagman. \ldblquote The Goblet of Fire\rquote s just gone out \emdash  it won\rquote t reignite until the start of the next tournament \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  in which Durmstrang will most certainly not be compet\-ing!\rdblquote  exploded Karkaroff. \ldblquote After all our meetings and negotiations and compromises, I little expected something of this nature to occur! I have half a mind to leave now!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Empty threat, Karkaroff,\rdblquote  growled a voice from near the door. \ldblquote You can\rquote t leave your champion now. He\rquote s got to compete. They\rquote ve all got to compete. Binding magical contract, like Dumbledore said. Convenient, eh?\rdblquote\par
Moody had just entered the room. He limped toward the fire, and with every right step he took, there was a loud \i clunk.\i0\par
\ldblquote Convenient?\rdblquote  said Karkaroff. \ldblquote I\rquote m afraid I don\rquote t understand you, Moody.\rdblquote\par
Harry could tell he was trying to sound disdainful, as though what Moody was saying was barely worth his notice, but his hands gave him away; they had balled themselves into fists.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Moody quietly. \ldblquote It\rquote s very simple, Karkaroff. Someone put Potter\rquote s name in that goblet knowing he\rquote d have to compete if it came out.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Evidently, someone \rquote oo wished to give \rquote Ogwarts two bites at ze apple!\rdblquote  said Madame Maxime.\par
\ldblquote I quite agree, Madame Maxime,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff, bowing to her. \ldblquote I shall be lodging complaints with the Ministry of Magic \i and\i0  the International Confederation of Wizards \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If anyone\rquote s got reason to complain, it\rquote s Potter,\rdblquote  growled Moody, \ldblquote but \'85 funny thing \'85 I don\rquote t hear \i him\i0  saying a word. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why should \rquote e complain?\rdblquote  burst out Fleur Delacour, stamping her foot. \ldblquote  \rquote E \rquote as ze chance to compete, \rquote asn\rquote t \rquote e? We \rquote ave all been \rquote oping to be chosen for weeks and weeks! Ze honor for our schools! A thousand Galleons in prize money \emdash  zis is a chance many would die for!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe someone\rquote s hoping Potter \i is\i0  going to die for it,\rdblquote  said Moody, with the merest trace of a growl.\par
An extremely tense silence followed these words. Ludo Bagman, who was looking very anxious indeed, bounced nervously up and down on his feet and said, \ldblquote Moody, old man \'85 what a thing to say!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We all know Professor Moody considers the morning wasted if he hasn\rquote t discovered six plots to murder him before lunchtime,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff loudly. \ldblquote Apparently he is now teaching his students to fear assassination too. An odd quality in a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Dumbledore, but no doubt you had your reasons.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Imagining things, am I?\rdblquote  growled Moody. \ldblquote Seeing things, eh? It was a skilled witch or wizard who put the boy\rquote s name in that goblet. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, what evidence is zere of zat?\rdblquote  said Madame Maxime, throw\-ing up her huge hands.\par
\ldblquote Because they hoodwinked a very powerful magical object!\rdblquote  said Moody. \ldblquote It would have needed an exceptionally strong Confundus Charm to bamboozle that goblet into forgetting that only three schools compete in the tournament. \'85 I\rquote m guessing they submit\-ted Potter\rquote s name under a fourth school, to make sure he was the only one in his category. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You seem to have given this a great deal of thought, Moody,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff coldly, \ldblquote and a very ingenious theory it is \emdash  though of course, I heard you recently got it into your head that one of your birthday presents contained a cunningly disguised basilisk egg, and smashed it to pieces before realizing it was a carriage clock. So you\rquote ll understand if we don\rquote t take you entirely seriously. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There are those who\rquote ll turn innocent occasions to their advan\-tage,\rdblquote  Moody retorted in a menacing voice. \ldblquote It\rquote s my job to think the way Dark wizards do, Karkaroff \emdash  as you ought to remember. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Alastor!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore warningly. Harry wondered for a moment whom he was speaking to, but then realized \ldblquote Mad-Eye\rdblquote  could hardly be Moody\rquote s real first name. Moody fell silent, though still surveying Karkaroff with satisfaction \emdash  Karkaroff\rquote s face was burning.\par
\ldblquote How this situation arose, we do not know,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, speaking to everyone gathered in the room. \ldblquote It seems to me, how\-ever, that we have no choice but to accept it. Both Cedric and Harry have been chosen to compete in the Tournament. This, therefore, they will do. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, but Dumbly-dorr \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My dear Madame Maxime, if you have an alternative, I would be delighted to hear it.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore waited, but Madame Maxime did not speak, she merely glared. She wasn\rquote t the only one either. Snape looked furious; Karkaroff livid; Bagman, however, looked rather excited.\par
\ldblquote Well, shall we crack on, then?\rdblquote  he said, rubbing his hands to\-gether and smiling around the room. \ldblquote Got to give our champions their instructions, haven\rquote t we? Barty, want to do the honors?\rdblquote\par
Mr. Crouch seemed to come out of a deep reverie.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote instructions. Yes \'85 the first task \'85\rdblquote\par
He moved forward into the firelight. Close up, Harry thought he looked ill. There were dark shadows beneath his eyes and a thin, papery look about his wrinkled skin that had not been there at the Quidditch World Cup.\par
\ldblquote The first task is designed to test your daring,\rdblquote  he told Harry, Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor, \ldblquote so we are not going to be telling you what it is. Courage in the face of the unknown is an important quality in a wizard \'85 very important. \'85\par
\ldblquote The first task will take place on November the twenty-fourth, in front of the other students and the panel of judges.\par
\ldblquote The champions are not permitted to ask for or accept help of any kind from their teachers to complete the tasks in the tourna\-ment. The champions will face the first challenge armed only with their wands. They will receive information about the second task when the first is over. Owing to the demanding and time-consum\-ing nature of the tournament, the champions are exempted from end-of-year tests.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Crouch turned to look at Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote I think that\rquote s all, is it, Albus?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think so,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, who was looking at Mr. Crouch with mild concern. \ldblquote Are you sure you wouldn\rquote t like to stay at Hog\-warts tonight, Barty?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, Dumbledore, I must get back to the Ministry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch. \ldblquote It is a very busy, very difficult time at the moment. \'85 I\rquote ve left young Weatherby in charge. \'85 Very enthusiastic \'85 a lit\-tle overenthusiastic, if truth be told. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll come and have a drink before you go, at least?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote Come on, Barty, I\rquote m staying!\rdblquote  said Bagman brightly. \ldblquote It\rquote s all happening at Hogwarts now, you know, much more exciting here than at the office!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think not, Ludo,\rdblquote  said Crouch with a touch of his old impa\-tience.\par
\ldblquote Professor Karkaroff \emdash  Madame Maxime \emdash  a nightcap?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\par
But Madame Maxime had already put her arm around Fleur\rquote s shoulders and was leading her swiftly out of the room. Harry could hear them both talking very fast in French as they went off into the Great Hall. Karkaroff beckoned to Krum, and they, too, exited, though in silence.\par
\ldblquote Harry, Cedric, I suggest you go up to bed,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling at both of them. \ldblquote I am sure Gryffindor and Hufflepuff are waiting to celebrate with you, and it would be a shame to deprive them of this excellent excuse to make a great deal of mess and noise.\rdblquote\par
Harry glanced at Cedric, who nodded, and they left together.\par
The Great Hall was deserted now; the candles had burned low, giving the jagged smiles of the pumpkins an eerie, flickering quality.\par
\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Cedric, with a slight smile. \ldblquote We\rquote re playing against each other again!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I s\rquote pose,\rdblquote  said Harry. He really couldn\rquote t think of anything to say. The inside of his head seemed to be in complete disarray, as though his brain had been ransacked.\par
\ldblquote So \'85 tell me \'85\rdblquote  said Cedric as they reached the entrance hall, which was now lit only by torches in the absence of the Gob\-let of Fire. \ldblquote How \i did\i0  you get your name in?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry, staring up at him. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t put it in. I was telling the truth.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah \'85 okay,\rdblquote  said Cedric. Harry could tell Cedric didn\rquote t be\-lieve him. \ldblquote Well \'85 see you, then.\rdblquote\par
Instead of going up the marble staircase, Cedric headed for a door to its right. Harry stood listening to him going down the stone steps beyond it, then, slowly, he started to climb the marble ones.\par
Was anyone except Ron and Hermione going to believe him, or would they all think he\rquote d put himself in for the tournament? Yet how could anyone think that, when he was facing competitors who\rquote d had three years\rquote  more magical education than he had \emdash  when he was now facing tasks that not only sounded very danger\-ous, but which were to be performed in front of hundreds of peo\-ple? Yes, he\rquote d thought about it \'85 he\rquote d fantasized about it \'85 but it had been a joke, really, an idle sort of dream \'85 he\rquote d never really, \i seriously\i0  considered entering. \'85\par
But someone else had considered it \'85 someone else had wanted him in the tournament, and had made sure he was entered. Why? To give him a treat? He didn\rquote t think so, somehow. \'85\par
To see him make a fool of himself? Well, they were likely to get their wish. \'85\par
But to get him \i killed\i0 ?\par
Was Moody just being his usual paranoid self? Couldn\rquote t some\-one have put Harry\rquote s name in the goblet as a trick, a practical joke? Did anyone really want him dead?\par
Harry was able to answer that at once. Yes, someone wanted him dead, someone had wanted him dead ever since he had been a year old \'85 Lord Voldemort. But how could Voldemort have ensured that Harry\rquote s name got into the Goblet of Fire? Voldemort was supposed to be far away, in some distant country, in hiding, alone \'85 feeble and powerless. \'85\par
Yet in that dream he had had, just before he had awoken with his scar hurting, Voldemort had not been alone \'85 he had been talk\-ing to Wormtail \'85 plotting Harry\rquote s murder. \'85\par
Harry got a shock to find himself facing the Fat Lady already. He had barely noticed where his feet were carrying him. It was also a surprise to see that she was not alone in her frame. The wizened witch who had flitted into her neighbor\rquote s painting when he had joined the champions downstairs was now sitting smugly beside the Fat Lady. She must have dashed through every picture lining seven staircases to reach here before him. Both she and the Fat Lady were looking down at him with the keenest interest.\par
\ldblquote Well, well, well,\rdblquote  said the Fat Lady, \ldblquote Violet\rquote s just told me every\-thing. Who\rquote s just been chosen as school champion, then?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Balderdash,\rdblquote  said Harry dully.\par
\ldblquote It most certainly isn\rquote t!\rdblquote  said the pale witch indignantly.\par
\ldblquote No, no, Vi, it\rquote s the password,\rdblquote  said the Fat Lady soothingly, and she swung forward on her hinges to let Harry into the common room.\par
The blast of noise that met Harry\rquote s ears when the portrait opened almost knocked him backward. Next thing he knew, he was being wrenched inside the common room by about a dozen pairs of hands, and was facing the whole of Gryffindor House, all of whom were screaming, applauding, and whistling.\par
\ldblquote You should\rquote ve told us you\rquote d entered!\rdblquote  bellowed Fred; he looked half annoyed, half deeply impressed.\par
\ldblquote How did you do it without getting a beard? Brilliant!\rdblquote  roared George.\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know how \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Angelina had now swooped down upon him; \ldblquote Oh if it couldn\rquote t be me, at least it\rquote s a Gryffindor \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll be able to pay back Diggory for that last Quidditch match, Harry!\rdblquote  shrieked Katie Bell, another of the Gryffindor Chasers.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ve got food, Harry, come and have some \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not hungry, I had enough at the feast \emdash\rdblquote\par
But nobody wanted to hear that he wasn\rquote t hungry; nobody wanted to hear that he hadn\rquote t put his name in the goblet; not one single person seemed to have noticed that he wasn\rquote t at all in the mood to celebrate. \'85 Lee Jordan had unearthed a Gryffindor banner from somewhere, and he insisted on draping it around Harry like a cloak. Harry couldn\rquote t get away; whenever he tried to sidle over to the staircase up to the dormitories, the crowd around him closed ranks, forcing another butterbeer on him, stuffing crisps and peanuts into his hands. \'85 Everyone wanted to know how he had done it, how he had tricked Dumbledore\rquote s Age Line and managed to get his name into the goblet. \'85\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  he said, over and over again, \ldblquote I don\rquote t know how it happened.\rdblquote\par
But for all the notice anyone took, he might just as well not have answered at all.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m tired!\rdblquote  he bellowed finally, after nearly half an hour. \ldblquote No, seriously, George \emdash  I\rquote m going to bed \emdash\rdblquote\par
He wanted more than anything to find Ron and Hermione, to find a bit of sanity, but neither of them seemed to be in the com\-mon room. Insisting that he needed to sleep, and almost flattening the little Creevey brothers as they attempted to waylay him at the foot of the stairs, Harry managed to shake everyone off and climb up to the dormitory as fast as he could.\par
To his great relief, he found Ron was lying on his bed in the otherwise empty dormitory, still fully dressed. He looked up when Harry slammed the door behind him.\par
\ldblquote Where\rquote ve you been?\rdblquote  Harry said.\par
\ldblquote Oh hello,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
He was grinning, but it was a very odd, strained sort of grin. Harry suddenly became aware that he was still wearing the scarlet Gryffindor banner that Lee had tied around him. He hastened to take it off, but it was knotted very tightly. Ron lay on the bed with\-out moving, watching Harry struggle to remove it.\par
\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  he said, when Harry had finally removed the banner and thrown it into a corner. \ldblquote Congratulations.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, congratulations?\rdblquote  said Harry, staring at Ron. There was definitely something wrong with the way Ron was smiling: It was more like a grimace.\par
\ldblquote Well \'85 no one else got across the Age Line,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Not even Fred and George. What did you use \emdash  the Invisibility Cloak?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The Invisibility Cloak wouldn\rquote t have got me over that line,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly.\par
\ldblquote Oh right,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I thought you might\rquote ve told me if it was the cloak \'85 because it would\rquote ve covered both of us, wouldn\rquote t it? But you found another way, did you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Listen,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote I didn\rquote t put my name in that goblet. Someone else must\rquote ve done it.\rdblquote\par
Ron raised his eyebrows.\par
\ldblquote What would they do that for?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry. He felt it would sound very melodra\-matic to say, \ldblquote To kill me.\rdblquote\par
Ron\rquote s eyebrows rose so high that they were in danger of disap\-pearing into his hair.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s okay, you know, you can tell \i me\i0  the truth,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote If you don\rquote t want everyone else to know, fine, but I don\rquote t know why you\rquote re bothering to lie, you didn\rquote t get into trouble for it, did you? That friend of the Fat Lady\rquote s, that Violet, she\rquote s already told us all Dum\-bledore\rquote s letting you enter. A thousand Galleons prize money, eh? And you don\rquote t have to do end-of-year tests either. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t put my name in that goblet!\rdblquote  said Harry, starting to feel angry.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, okay,\rdblquote  said Ron, in exactly the same sceptical tone as Cedric. \ldblquote Only you said this morning you\rquote d have done it last night, and no one would\rquote ve seen you. \'85 I\rquote m not stupid, you know.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re doing a really good impression of it,\rdblquote  Harry snapped.\par
\ldblquote Yeah?\rdblquote  said Ron, and there was no trace of a grin, forced or oth\-erwise, on his face now. \ldblquote You want to get to bed, Harry. I expect you\rquote ll need to be up early tomorrow for a photo-call or something.\rdblquote\par
He wrenched the hangings shut around his four-poster, leaving Harry standing there by the door, staring at the dark red velvet cur\-tains, now hiding one of the few people he had been sure would be\-lieve him.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 18\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Weighing of the Wands\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
When Harry woke up on Sunday morning, it took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and wor\-ried. Then the memory of the previous night rolled over him. He sat up and ripped back the curtains of his own four-poster, intend\-ing to talk to Ron, to force Ron to believe him \emdash  only to find that Ron\rquote s bed was empty; he had obviously gone down to breakfast.\par
Harry dressed and went down the spiral staircase into the com\-mon room. The moment he appeared, the people who had already finished breakfast broke into applause again. The prospect of going down into the Great Hall and facing the rest of the Gryffindors, all treating him like some sort of hero, was not inviting; it was that, however, or stay here and allow himself to be cornered by the Creevey brothers, who were both beckoning frantically to him to join them. He walked resolutely over to the portrait hole, pushed it open, climbed out of it, and found himself face-to-face with Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  she said, holding up a stack of toast, which she was car\-rying in a napkin. \ldblquote I brought you this. \'85 Want to go for a walk?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good idea,\rdblquote  said Harry gratefully.\par
They went downstairs, crossed the entrance hall quickly without looking in at the Great Hall, and were soon striding across the lawn toward the lake, where the Durmstrang ship was moored, reflected blackly in the water. It was a chilly morning, and they kept moving, munching their toast, as Harry told Hermione exactly what had happened after he had left the Gryffindor table the night before. To his immense relief, Hermione accepted his story without question.\par
\ldblquote Well, of course I knew you hadn\rquote t entered yourself,\rdblquote  she said when he\rquote d finished telling her about the scene in the chamber off the Hall. \ldblquote The look on your face when Dumbledore read out your name! But the question is, who \i did\i0  put it in? Because Moody\rquote s right, Harry \'85 I don\rquote t think any student could have done it \'85 they\rquote d never be able to fool the Goblet, or get over Dumbledore\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Have you seen Ron?\rdblquote  Harry interrupted.\par
Hermione hesitated.\par
\ldblquote Erm \'85 yes \'85 he was at breakfast,\rdblquote  she said.\par
\ldblquote Does he still think I entered myself?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well \'85 no, I don\rquote t think so \'85 not \i really,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione awkwardly.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that supposed to mean, \lquote not \i really\i0\rquote ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh Harry, isn\rquote t it obvious?\rdblquote  Hermione said despairingly. \ldblquote He\rquote s jealous!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Jealous\i0 ?\rdblquote  Harry said incredulously. \ldblquote Jealous of what? He wants to make a prat of himself in front of the whole school, does he?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  said Hermione patiently, \ldblquote it\rquote s always you who gets all the attention, you know it is. I know it\rquote s not your fault,\rdblquote  she added quickly, seeing Harry open his mouth furiously. \ldblquote I know you don\rquote t ask for it \'85 but \emdash  well \emdash  you know, Ron\rquote s got all those brothers to compete against at home, and you\rquote re his best friend, and you\rquote re really famous \emdash  he\rquote s always shunted to one side whenever people see you, and he puts up with it, and he never mentions it, but I suppose this is just one time too many. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Great,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly. \ldblquote Really great. Tell him from me I\rquote ll swap any time he wants. Tell him from me he\rquote s welcome to it. \'85 People gawping at my forehead everywhere I go. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not telling him anything,\rdblquote  Hermione said shortly. \ldblquote Tell him yourself. It\rquote s the only way to sort this out.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not running around after him trying to make him grow up!\rdblquote  Harry said, so loudly that several owls in a nearby tree took flight in alarm. \ldblquote Maybe he\rquote ll believe I\rquote m not enjoying myself once I\rquote ve got my neck broken or \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s not funny,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly. \ldblquote That\rquote s not funny at all.\rdblquote  She looked extremely anxious. \ldblquote Harry, I\rquote ve been thinking \emdash  you know what we\rquote ve got to do, don\rquote t you? Straight away, the mo\-ment we get back to the castle?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, give Ron a good kick up the \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Write to Sirius.\i0  You\rquote ve got to tell him what\rquote s happened. He asked you to keep him posted on everything that\rquote s going on at Hogwarts. \'85 It\rquote s almost as if he expected something like this to happen. I brought some parchment and a quill out with me \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come off it,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking around to check that they couldn\rquote t be overheard, but the grounds were quite deserted. \ldblquote He came back to the country just because my scar twinged. He\rquote ll prob\-ably come bursting right into the castle if I tell him someone\rquote s en\-tered me in the Triwizard Tournament \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i He\rquote d want you to tell him,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione sternly. \ldblquote He\rquote s going to find out anyway \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry, this isn\rquote t going to be kept quiet,\rdblquote  said Hermione, very seriously. \ldblquote This tournament\rquote s famous, and you\rquote re famous. I\rquote ll be really surprised if there isn\rquote t anything in the \i Daily Prophet\i0  about you competing. \'85 You\rquote re already in half the books about You-Know-Who, you know \'85 and Sirius would rather hear it from you, I know he would.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Okay, okay, I\rquote ll write to him,\rdblquote  said Harry, throwing his last piece of toast into the lake. They both stood and watched it floating there for a moment, before a large tentacle rose out of the water and scooped it beneath the surface. Then they returned to the castle.\par
\ldblquote Whose owl am I going to use?\rdblquote  Harry said as they climbed the stairs. \ldblquote He told me not to use Hedwig again.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ask Ron if you can borrow \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not asking Ron for anything,\rdblquote  Harry said flatly.\par
\ldblquote Well, borrow one of the school owls, then, anyone can use them,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
They went up to the Owlery Hermione gave Harry a piece of parchment, a quill, and a bottle of ink, then strolled around the long lines of perches, looking at all the different owls, while Harry sat down against a wall and wrote his letter.\par
\par
\i Dear Sirius,\i0\par
\i You told me to keep you posted on what\rquote s happening at Hog\-warts, so here goes \i0\emdash  \i I don\rquote t know if you\rquote ve heard, but the Tri-wizard Tournament\rquote s happening this year and on Saturday night I got picked as a fourth champion. I don\rquote t know who put my\i0  \i name in the Goblet of Fire, because I didn\rquote t. The other Hog\-warts champion is Cedric Diggory, from Hufflepuff.\i0\par
\par
He paused at this point, thinking. He had an urge to say some\-thing about the large weight of anxiety that seemed to have settled inside his chest since last night, but he couldn\rquote t think how to trans\-late this into words, so he simply dipped his quill back into the ink bottle and wrote,\par
\par
\i Hope you\rquote re okay, and Buckbeak \emdash  Harry\par
\i0\par
\ldblquote Finished,\rdblquote  he told Hermione, getting to his feet and brushing straw off his robes. At this, Hedwig came fluttering down onto his shoulder and held out her leg.\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t use you,\rdblquote  Harry told her, looking around for the school owls. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got to use one of these. \'85\rdblquote\par
Hedwig gave a very loud hoot and took off so suddenly that her talons cut into his shoulder. She kept her back to Harry all the time he was tying his letter to the leg of a large barn owl. When the barn owl had flown off, Harry reached out to stroke Hedwig, but she clicked her beak furiously and soared up into the rafters out of reach.\par
\ldblquote First Ron, then you,\rdblquote  said Harry angrily. \ldblquote\i This isn\rquote t my fault.\i0\rdblquote\par
\par
If Harry had thought that matters would improve once everyone got used to the idea of him being champion, the following day showed him how mistaken he was. He could no longer avoid the rest of the school once he was back at lessons \emdash  and it was clear that the rest of the school, just like the Gryffindors, thought Harry had entered himself for the tournament. Unlike the Gryffindors, however, they did not seem impressed.\par
The Hufflepuffs, who were usually on excellent terms with the Gryffindors, had turned remarkably cold toward the whole lot of them. One Herbology lesson was enough to demonstrate this. It was plain that the Hufflepuffs felt that Harry had stolen their champion\rquote s glory; a feeling exacerbated, perhaps, by the fact that Hufflepuff House very rarely got any glory, and that Cedric was one of the few who had ever given them any, having beaten Gryffindor once at Quidditch. Ernie Macmillan and Justin Finch-Fletchley, with whom Harry normally got on very well, did not talk to him even though they were repotting Bouncing Bulbs at the same tray \emdash  though they did laugh rather unpleasantly when one of the Bouncing Bulbs wriggled free from Harry\rquote s grip and smacked him hard in the face. Ron wasn\rquote t talking to Harry either. Hermione sat between them, making very forced conversation, but though both answered her normally, they avoided making eye con\-tact with each other. Harry thought even Professor Sprout seemed distant with him \emdash  but then, she was Head of Hufflepuff House.\par
He would have been looking forward to seeing Hagrid under normal circumstances, but Care of Magical Creatures meant seeing the Slytherins too \emdash  the first time he would come face-to-face with them since becoming champion.\par
Predictably, Malfoy arrived at Hagrid\rquote s cabin with his familiar sneer firmly in place.\par
\ldblquote Ah, look, boys, it\rquote s the champion,\rdblquote  he said to Crabbe and Goyle the moment he got within earshot of Harry. \ldblquote Got your autograph books? Better get a signature now, because I doubt he\rquote s going to be around much longer. \'85 Half the Triwizard champions have died \'85 how long d\rquote you reckon you\rquote re going to last, Potter? Ten minutes into the first task\rquote s my bet.\rdblquote\par
Crabbe and Goyle guffawed sycophantically, but Malfoy had to stop there, because Hagrid emerged from the back of his cabin balancing a teetering tower of crates, each containing a very large Blast-Ended Skrewt. To the class\rquote s horror, Hagrid proceeded to ex\-plain that the reason the skrewts had been killing one another was an excess of pent-up energy, and that the solution would be for each student to fix a leash on a skrewt and take it for a short walk. The only good thing about this plan was that it distracted Malfoy completely.\par
\ldblquote Take this thing for a walk?\rdblquote  he repeated in disgust, staring into one of the boxes. \ldblquote And where exactly are we supposed to fix the leash? Around the sting, the blasting end, or the sucker?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Roun\rquote  the middle,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, demonstrating. \ldblquote Er \emdash  yeh might want ter put on yer dragon-hide gloves, jus\rquote  as an extra pre\-caution, like. Harry \emdash  you come here an\rquote  help me with this big one. \'85\rdblquote\par
Hagrid\rquote s real intention, however, was to talk to Harry away from the rest of the class. He waited until everyone else had set off with their skrewts, then turned to Harry and said, very seriously, \ldblquote So \emdash  yer competin\rquote , Harry. In the tournament. School champion.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote One of the champions,\rdblquote  Harry corrected him.\par
Hagrid\rquote s beetle-black eyes looked very anxious under his wild eyebrows.\par
\ldblquote No idea who put yeh in fer it, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You believe I didn\rquote t do it, then?\rdblquote  said Harry, concealing with difficulty the rush of gratitude he felt at Hagrid\rquote s words.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Course I do,\rdblquote  Hagrid grunted. \ldblquote Yeh say it wasn\rquote  you, an\rquote  I be\-lieve yeh \emdash  an\rquote  Dumbledore believes yer, an\rquote  all.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wish I knew who \i did\i0  do it,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly.\par
The pair of them looked out over the lawn; the class was widely scattered now, and all in great difficulty. The skrewts were now over three feet long, and extremely powerful. No longer shell-less and colorless, they had developed a kind of thick, grayish, shiny armor. They looked like a cross between giant scorpions and elongated crabs \emdash  but still without recognizable heads or eyes. They had be\-come immensely strong and very hard to control.\par
\ldblquote Look like they\rquote re havin\rquote  fun, don\rquote  they?\rdblquote  Hagrid said happily. Harry assumed he was talking about the skrewts, because his class\-mates certainly weren\rquote t; every now and then, with an alarming \i bang,\i0  one of the skrewts\rquote  ends would explode, causing it to shoot forward several yards, and more than one person was being dragged along on their stomach, trying desperately to get back on their feet.\par
\ldblquote Ah, I don\rquote  know, Harry,\rdblquote  Hagrid sighed suddenly, looking back down at him with a worried expression on his face. \ldblquote School cham\-pion \'85 everythin\rquote  seems ter happen ter you, doesn\rquote  it?\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t answer. Yes, everything did seem to happen to him \'85 that was more or less what Hermione had said as they had walked around the lake, and that was the reason, according to her, that Ron was no longer talking to him.\par
\par
The next few days were some of Harry\rquote s worst at Hogwarts. The closest he had ever come to feeling like this had been during those months, in his second year, when a large part of the school had sus\-pected him of attacking his fellow students. But Ron had been on his side then. He thought he could have coped with the rest of the school\rquote s behavior if he could just have had Ron back as a friend, but he wasn\rquote t going to try and persuade Ron to talk to him if Ron didn\rquote t want to. Nevertheless, it was lonely with dislike pouring in on him from all sides.\par
He could understand the Hufflepuffs\rquote  attitude, even if he didn\rquote t like it; they had their own champion to support. He expected nothing less than vicious insults from the Slytherins \emdash  he was highly unpopular there and always had been, because he had helped Gryffindor beat them so often, both at Quidditch and in the Inter-House Championship. But he had hoped the Ravenclaws might have found it in their hearts to support him as much as Cedric. He was wrong, however. Most Ravenclaws seemed to think that he had been desperate to earn himself a bit more fame by trick\-ing the goblet into accepting his name.\par
Then there was the fact that Cedric looked the part of a cham\-pion so much more than he did. Exceptionally handsome, with his straight nose, dark hair, and gray eyes, it was hard to say who was receiving more admiration these days, Cedric or Viktor Krum. Harry actually saw the same sixth-year girls who had been so keen to get Krum\rquote s autograph begging Cedric to sign their school bags one lunchtime.\par
Meanwhile there was no reply from Sirius, Hedwig was refusing to come anywhere near him, Professor Trelawney was predicting his death with even more certainty than usual, and he did so badly at Summoning Charms in Professor Flitwick\rquote s class that he was given extra homework \emdash  the only person to get any, apart from Neville.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s really not that difficult, Harry,\rdblquote  Hermione tried to reassure him as they left Flitwick\rquote s class \emdash  she had been making objects zoom across the room to her all lesson, as though she were some sort of weird magnet for board dusters, wastepaper baskets, and lunascopes. \ldblquote You just weren\rquote t concentrating properly \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wonder why that was,\rdblquote  said Harry darkly as Cedric Diggory walked past, surrounded by a large group of simpering girls, all of whom looked at Harry as though he were a particularly large Blast-Ended Skrewt. \ldblquote Still \emdash  never mind, eh? Double Potions to look forward to this afternoon. \'85\rdblquote\par
Double Potions was always a horrible experience, but these days it was nothing short of torture. Being shut in a dungeon for an hour and a half with Snape and the Slytherins, all of whom seemed determined to punish Harry as much as possible for daring to be\-come school champion, was about the most unpleasant thing Harry could imagine. He had already struggled through one Fri\-day\rquote s worth, with Hermione sitting next to him intoning \ldblquote ignore them, ignore them, ignore them\rdblquote  under her breath, and he could\-n\rquote t see why today should be any better.\par
When he and Hermione arrived at Snape\rquote s dungeon after lunch, they found the Slytherins waiting outside, each and every one of them wearing a large badge on the front of his or her robes. For one wild moment Harry thought they were S.P.E.W. badges \emdash  then he saw that they all bore the same message, in luminous red letters that burnt brightly in the dimly lit underground passage:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Support CEDRIC DIGGORY \emdash\par
The REAL Hogwarts Champion\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\ldblquote Like them, Potter?\rdblquote  said Malfoy loudly as Harry approached. \ldblquote And this isn\rquote t all they do \emdash  look!\rdblquote\par
He pressed his badge into his chest, and the message upon it vanished, to be replaced by another one, which glowed green:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc POTTER STINKS\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
The Slytherins howled with laughter. Each of them pressed their badges too, until the message \i POTTER STINKS \i0 was shin\-ing brightly all around Harry. He felt the heat rise in his face and neck.\par
\ldblquote Oh \i very\i0  funny,\rdblquote  Hermione said sarcastically to Pansy Parkinson and her gang of Slytherin girls, who were laughing harder than anyone, \ldblquote really \i witty.\i0\rdblquote\par
Ron was standing against the wall with Dean and Seamus. He wasn\rquote t laughing, but he wasn\rquote t sticking up for Harry either.\par
\ldblquote Want one, Granger?\rdblquote  said Malfoy, holding out a badge to Hermione. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got loads. But don\rquote t touch my hand, now. I\rquote ve just washed it, you see; don\rquote t want a Mudblood sliming it up.\rdblquote\par
Some of the anger Harry had been feeling for days and days seemed to burst through a dam in his chest. He had reached for his wand before he\rquote d thought what he was doing. People all around them scrambled out of the way, backing down the corridor.\par
\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  Hermione said warningly.\par
\ldblquote Go on, then, Potter,\rdblquote  Malfoy said quietly, drawing out his own wand. \ldblquote Moody\rquote s not here to look after you now \emdash  do it, if you\rquote ve got the guts \emdash\rdblquote\par
For a split second, they looked into each other\rquote s eyes, then, at ex\-actly the same time, both acted.\par
\ldblquote\i Furnunculus\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\par
\ldblquote\i Densaugeo\i0 !\rdblquote  screamed Malfoy.\par
Jets of light shot from both wands, hit each other in midair, and ricocheted off at angles \emdash  Harry\rquote s hit Goyle in the face, and Mal\-foy\rquote s hit Hermione. Goyle bellowed and put his hands to his nose, where great ugly boils were springing up \emdash  Hermione, whimper\-ing in panic, was clutching her mouth.\par
\ldblquote Hermione!\rdblquote\par
Ron had hurried forward to see what was wrong with her; Harry turned and saw Ron dragging Hermione\rquote s hand away from her face. It wasn\rquote t a pretty sight. Hermione\rquote s front teeth \emdash  already larger than average \emdash  were now growing at an alarming rate; she was looking more and more like a beaver as her teeth elongated, past her bottom lip, toward her chin \emdash  panic-stricken, she felt them and let out a terrified cry.\par
\ldblquote And what is all this noise about?\rdblquote  said a soft, deadly voice.\par
Snape had arrived. The Slytherins clamored to give their expla\-nations; Snape pointed a long yellow finger at Malfoy and said, \ldblquote Explain.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Potter attacked me, sir \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We attacked each other at the same time!\rdblquote  Harry shouted.\par
\ldblquote\emdash  and he hit Goyle \emdash  look \emdash\rdblquote\par
Snape examined Goyle, whose face now resembled something that would have been at home in a book on poisonous fungi.\par
\ldblquote Hospital wing, Goyle,\rdblquote  Snape said calmly.\par
\ldblquote Malfoy got Hermione!\rdblquote  Ron said. \ldblquote\i Look\i0 !\rdblquote\par
He forced Hermione to show Snape her teeth \emdash  she was doing her best to hide them with her hands, though this was difficult as they had now grown down past her collar. Pansy Parkinson and the other Slytherin girls were doubled up with silent giggles, pointing at Hermione from behind Snape\rquote s back.\par
Snape looked coldly at Hermione, then said, \ldblquote I see no difference.\rdblquote\par
Hermione let out a whimper; her eyes filled with tears, she turned on her heel and ran, ran all the way up the corridor and out of sight.\par
It was lucky, perhaps, that both Harry and Ron started shouting at Snape at the same time; lucky their voices echoed so much in the stone corridor, for in the confused din, it was impossible for him to hear exactly what they were calling him. He got the gist, however.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s see,\rdblquote  he said, in his silkiest voice. \ldblquote Fifty points from Gryffindor and a detention each for Potter and Weasley. Now get inside, or it\rquote ll be a week\rquote s worth of detentions.\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s ears were ringing. The injustice of it made him want to curse Snape into a thousand slimy pieces. He passed Snape, walked with Ron to the back of the dungeon, and slammed his bag down onto the table. Ron was shaking with anger too \emdash  for a moment, it felt as though everything was back to normal between them, but then Ron turned and sat down with Dean and Seamus instead, leaving Harry alone at his table. On the other side of the dungeon, Malfoy turned his back on Snape and pressed his badge, smirking. \i POTTER STINKS \i0 flashed once more across the room.\par
Harry sat there staring at Snape as the lesson began, picturing horrific things happening to him. \'85 If only he knew how to do the Cruciatus Curse \'85 he\rquote d have Snape flat on his back like that spider, jerking and twitching. \'85\par
\ldblquote Antidotes!\rdblquote  said Snape, looking around at them all, his cold black eyes glittering unpleasantly. \ldblquote You should all have prepared your recipes now. I want you to brew them carefully, and then, we will be selecting someone on whom to test one. \'85\rdblquote\par
Snape\rquote s eyes met Harry\rquote s, and Harry knew what was coming. Snape was going to poison \i him.\i0  Harry imagined picking up his cauldron, and sprinting to the front of the class, and bringing it down on Snape\rquote s greasy head \emdash\par
And then a knock on the dungeon door burst in on Harry\rquote s thoughts.\par
It was Colin Creevey; he edged into the room, beaming at Harry, and walked up to Snape\rquote s desk at the front of the room.\par
\ldblquote Yes?\rdblquote  said Snape curtly.\par
\ldblquote Please, sir, I\rquote m supposed to take Harry Potter upstairs.\rdblquote\par
Snape stared down his hooked nose at Colin, whose smile faded from his eager face.\par
\ldblquote Potter has another hour of Potions to complete,\rdblquote  said Snape coldly. \ldblquote He will come upstairs when this class is finished.\rdblquote\par
Colin went pink.\par
\ldblquote Sir \emdash  sir, Mr. Bagman wants him,\rdblquote  he said nervously. \ldblquote All the champions have got to go, I think they want to take photo\-graphs. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry would have given anything he owned to have stopped Colin saying those last few words. He chanced half a glance at Ron, but Ron was staring determinedly at the ceiling.\par
\ldblquote Very well, very well,\rdblquote  Snape snapped. \ldblquote Potter, leave your things here, I want you back down here later to test your antidote.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Please, sir \emdash  he\rquote s got to take his things with him,\rdblquote  squeaked Colin. \ldblquote All the champions \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Very \i well\i0 !\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote Potter \emdash  take your bag and get out of my sight!\rdblquote\par
Harry swung his bag over his shoulder, got up, and headed for the door. As he walked through the Slytherin desks, \i POTTER STINKS \i0 flashed at him from every direction.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s amazing, isn\rquote t it, Harry?\rdblquote  said Colin, starting to speak the moment Harry had closed the dungeon door behind him. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t it, though? You being champion?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, really amazing,\rdblquote  said Harry heavily as they set off toward the steps into the entrance hall. \ldblquote What do they want photos for, Colin?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The \i Daily Prophet,\i0  I think!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Great,\rdblquote  said Harry dully. \ldblquote Exactly what I need. More pub\-licity.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good luck!\rdblquote  said Colin when they had reached the right room. Harry knocked on the door and entered.\par
He was in a fairly small classroom; most of the desks had been pushed away to the back of the room, leaving a large space in the middle; three of them, however, had been placed end-to-end in front of the blackboard and covered with a long length of velvet. Five chairs had been set behind the velvet-covered desks, and Ludo Bagman was sitting in one of them, talking to a witch Harry had never seen before, who was wearing magenta robes.\par
Viktor Krum was standing moodily in a corner as usual and not talking to anybody. Cedric and Fleur were in conversation. Fleur looked a good deal happier than Harry had seen her so far; she kept throwing back her head so that her long silvery hair caught the light. A paunchy man, holding a large black camera that was smok\-ing slightly, was watching Fleur out of the corner of his eye.\par
Bagman suddenly spotted Harry, got up quickly, and bounded forward.\par
\ldblquote Ah, here he is! Champion number four! In you come, Harry, in you come \'85 nothing to worry about, it\rquote s just the wand weighing ceremony, the rest of the judges will be here in a moment \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wand weighing?\rdblquote  Harry repeated nervously.\par
\ldblquote We have to check that your wands are fully functional, no problems, you know, as they\rquote re your most important tools in the tasks ahead,\rdblquote  said Bagman. \ldblquote The expert\rquote s upstairs now with Dum\-bledore. And then there\rquote s going to be a little photo shoot. This is Rita Skeeter,\rdblquote  he added, gesturing toward the witch in magenta robes. \ldblquote She\rquote s doing a small piece on the tournament for the \i Daily Prophet\i0 . \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe not \i that\i0  small, Ludo,\rdblquote  said Rita Skeeter, her eyes on Harry.\par
Her hair was set in elaborate and curiously rigid curls that con\-trasted oddly with her heavy-jawed face. She wore jeweled specta\-cles. The thick fingers clutching her crocodile-skin handbag ended in two-inch nails, painted crimson.\par
\ldblquote I wonder if I could have a little word with Harry before we start?\rdblquote  she said to Bagman, but still gazing fixedly at Harry. \ldblquote The youngest champion, you know \'85 to add a bit of color?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Certainly!\rdblquote  cried Bagman. \ldblquote That is \emdash  if Harry has no objection?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Lovely,\rdblquote  said Rita Skeeter, and in a second, her scarlet-taloned fingers had Harry\rquote s upper arm in a surprisingly strong grip, and she was steering him out of the room again and opening a nearby door.\par
\ldblquote We don\rquote t want to be in there with all that noise,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Let\rquote s see \'85 ah, yes, this is nice and cozy.\rdblquote\par
It was a broom cupboard. Harry stared at her.\par
\ldblquote Come along, dear \emdash  that\rquote s right \emdash  lovely,\rdblquote  said Rita Skeeter again, perching herself precariously upon an upturned bucket, pushing Harry down onto a cardboard box, and closing the door, throwing them into darkness. \ldblquote Let\rquote s see now \'85\rdblquote\par
She unsnapped her crocodile-skin handbag and pulled out a handful of candles, which she lit with a wave of her wand and magicked into midair, so that they could see what they were doing.\par
\ldblquote You won\rquote t mind, Harry, if I use a Quick-Quotes Quill? It leaves me free to talk to you normally. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A what?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Rita Skeeter\rquote s smile widened. Harry counted three gold teeth. She reached again into her crocodile bag and drew out a long acid-green quill and a roll of parchment, which she stretched out between them on a crate of Mrs. Skower\rquote s All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover. She put the tip of the green quill into her mouth, sucked it for a moment with apparent relish, then placed it upright on the parchment, where it stood balanced on its point, quivering slightly.\par
\ldblquote Testing \'85 my name is Rita Skeeter, \i Daily Prophet\i0  reporter.\rdblquote\par
Harry looked down quickly at the quill. The moment Rita Skeeter had spoken, the green quill had started to scribble, skid\-ding across the parchment:\par
\par
\i Attractive blonde Rita Skeeter, forty-three, whose savage quill has punctured many inflated reputations \emdash\par
\i0\par
\ldblquote Lovely,\rdblquote  said Rita Skeeter, yet again, and she ripped the top piece of parchment off, crumpled it up, and stuffed it into her handbag. Now she leaned toward Harry and said, \ldblquote So, Harry \'85 what made you decide to enter the Triwizard Tournament?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry again, but he was distracted by the quill. Even though he wasn\rquote t speaking, it was dashing across the parch\-ment, and in its wake he could make out a fresh sentence:\par
\par
\i An ugly scar, souvenir of a tragic past, disfigures the otherwise charming face of Harry Potter, whose eyes \emdash\par
\i0\par
\ldblquote Ignore the quill, Harry,\rdblquote  said Rita Skeeter firmly. Reluctantly, Harry looked up at her instead. \ldblquote Now \emdash  why did you decide to enter the tournament, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know how my name got into the Goblet of Fire. I didn\rquote t put it in there.\rdblquote\par
Rita Skeeter raised one heavily penciled eyebrow.\par
\ldblquote Come now, Harry, there\rquote s no need to be scared of getting into trouble. We all know you shouldn\rquote t really have entered at all. But don\rquote t worry about that. Our readers love a rebel.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But I didn\rquote t enter,\rdblquote  Harry repeated. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know who \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How do you feel about the tasks ahead?\rdblquote  said Rita Skeeter. \ldblquote Excited? Nervous?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I haven\rquote t really thought \'85 yeah, nervous, I suppose,\rdblquote  said Harry. His insides squirmed uncomfortably as he spoke.\par
\ldblquote Champions have died in the past, haven\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Rita Skeeter briskly. \ldblquote Have you thought about that at all?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well \'85 they say it\rquote s going to be a lot safer this year,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
The quill whizzed across the parchment between them, back and forward as though it were skating.\par
\ldblquote Of course, you\rquote ve looked death in the face before, haven\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Rita Skeeter, watching him closely. \ldblquote How would you say that\rquote s affected you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Harry, yet again.\par
\ldblquote Do you think that the trauma in your past might have made you keen to prove yourself? To live up to your name? Do you think that perhaps you were tempted to enter the Triwizard Tournament because \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i I didn\rquote t enter,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry, starting to feel irritated.\par
\ldblquote Can you remember your parents at all?\rdblquote  said Rita Skeeter, talk\-ing over him.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote How do you think they\rquote d feel if they knew you were competing in the Triwizard Tournament? Proud? Worried? Angry?\rdblquote\par
Harry was feeling really annoyed now. How on earth was he to know how his parents would feel if they were alive? He could feel Rita Skeeter watching him very intently. Frowning, he avoided her gaze and looked down at words the quill had just written:\par
\par
\i Tears fill those startling green eyes as our conversation turns to the parents he can barely remember.\par
\i0\par
\ldblquote I have NOT got tears in my eyes!\rdblquote  said Harry loudly.\par
Before Rita Skeeter could say a word, the door of the broom cupboard was pulled open. Harry looked around, blinking in the bright light. Albus Dumbledore stood there, looking down at both of them, squashed into the cupboard.\par
\ldblquote\i Dumbledore\i0 !\rdblquote  cried Rita Skeeter, with every appearance of delight \emdash  but Harry noticed that her quill and the parchment had suddenly vanished from the box of Magical Mess Remover, and Rita\rquote s clawed fingers were hastily snapping shut the clasp of her crocodile-skin bag. \ldblquote How are you?\rdblquote  she said, standing up and hold\-ing out one of her large, mannish hands to Dumbledore. \ldblquote I hope you saw my piece over the summer about the International Con\-federation of Wizards\rquote  Conference?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Enchantingly nasty,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, his eyes twinkling. \ldblquote I particularly enjoyed your description of me as an obsolete dingbat.\rdblquote\par
Rita Skeeter didn\rquote t look remotely abashed.\par
\ldblquote I was just making the point that some of your ideas are a little old-fashioned, Dumbledore, and that many wizards in the street \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I will be delighted to hear the reasoning behind the rudeness, Rita,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, with a courteous bow and a smile, \ldblquote but I\rquote m afraid we will have to discuss the matter later. The Weighing of the Wands is about to start, and it cannot take place if one of our champions is hidden in a broom cupboard.\rdblquote\par
Very glad to get away from Rita Skeeter, Harry hurried back into the room. The other champions were now sitting in chairs near the door, and he sat down quickly next to Cedric, looking up at the velvet-covered table, where four of the five judges were now sit\-ting \emdash  Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Mr. Crouch, and Ludo Bagman. Rita Skeeter settled herself down in a corner; Harry saw her slip the parchment out of her bag again, spread it on her knee, suck the end of the Quick-Quotes Quill, and place it once more on the parchment.\par
\ldblquote May I introduce Mr. Ollivander?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, taking his place at the judges\rquote  table and talking to the champions. \ldblquote He will be checking your wands to ensure that they are in good condition be\-fore the tournament.\rdblquote\par
Harry looked around, and with a jolt of surprise saw an old wiz\-ard with large, pale eyes standing quietly by the window. Harry had met Mr. Ollivander before \emdash  he was the wand-maker from whom Harry had bought his own wand over three years ago in Diagon Alley.\par
\ldblquote Mademoiselle Delacour, could we have you first, please?\rdblquote  said Mr. Ollivander, stepping into the empty space in the middle of the room.\par
Fleur Delacour swept over to Mr. Ollivander and handed him her wand.\par
\ldblquote Hmmm \'85\rdblquote  he said.\par
He twirled the wand between his long fingers like a baton and it emitted a number of pink and gold sparks. Then he held it close to his eyes and examined it carefully.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  he said quietly, \ldblquote nine and a half inches \'85 inflexible \'85 rosewood \'85 and containing \'85 dear me \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote An \rquote air from ze \rquote ead of a veela,\rdblquote  said Fleur. \ldblquote One of my grandmuzzer\rquote s.\rdblquote\par
So Fleur \i was\i0  part veela, thought Harry, making a mental note to tell Ron \'85 then he remembered that Ron wasn\rquote t speaking to him.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Mr. Ollivander, \ldblquote yes, I\rquote ve never used veela hair my\-self, of course. I find it makes for rather temperamental wands \'85 however, to each his own, and if this suits you \'85\rdblquote\par
Mr. Ollivander ran his fingers along the wand, apparently check\-ing for scratches or bumps; then he muttered, \ldblquote\i Orchideous\i0 !\rdblquote  and a bunch of flowers burst from the wand tip.\par
\ldblquote Very well, very well, it\rquote s in fine working order,\rdblquote  said Mr. Olli\-vander, scooping up the flowers and handing them to Fleur with her wand. \ldblquote Mr. Diggory, you next.\rdblquote\par
Fleur glided back to her seat, smiling at Cedric as he passed her.\par
\ldblquote Ah, now, this is one of mine, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Mr. Ollivander, with much more enthusiasm, as Cedric handed over his wand. \ldblquote Yes, I re\-member it well. Containing a single hair from the tail of a particu\-larly fine male unicorn \'85 must have been seventeen hands; nearly gored me with his horn after I plucked his tail. Twelve and a quar\-ter inches \'85 ash \'85 pleasantly springy. It\rquote s in fine condition. \'85 You treat it regularly?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Polished it last night,\rdblquote  said Cedric, grinning.\par
Harry looked down at his own wand. He could see finger marks all over it. He gathered a fistful of robe from his knee and tried to rub it clean surreptitiously. Several gold sparks shot out of the end of it. Fleur Delacour gave him a very patronizing look, and he desisted.\par
Mr. Ollivander sent a stream of silver smoke rings across the room from the tip of Cedric\rquote s wand, pronounced himself satisfied, and then said, \ldblquote Mr. Krum, if you please.\rdblquote\par
Viktor Krum got up and slouched, round-shouldered and duck-footed, toward Mr. Ollivander. He thrust out his wand and stood scowling, with his hands in the pockets of his robes.\par
\ldblquote Hmm,\rdblquote  said Mr. Ollivander, \ldblquote this is a Gregorovitch creation, unless I\rquote m much mistaken? A fine wand-maker, though the styling is never quite what I \'85 however \'85\rdblquote\par
He lifted the wand and examined it minutely, turning it over and over before his eyes.\par
\ldblquote Yes \'85 hornbeam and dragon heartstring?\rdblquote  he shot at Krum, who nodded. \ldblquote Rather thicker than one usually sees \'85 quite rigid \'85 ten and a quarter inches \'85 \i Avis\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The hornbeam wand let off a blast like a gun, and a number of small, twittering birds flew out of the end and through the open window into the watery sunlight.\par
\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Mr. Ollivander, handing Krum back his wand. \ldblquote Which leaves \'85 Mr. Potter.\rdblquote\par
Harry got to his feet and walked past Krum to Mr. Ollivander. He handed over his wand.\par
\ldblquote Aaaah, yes,\rdblquote  said Mr. Ollivander, his pale eyes suddenly gleam\-ing. \ldblquote Yes, yes, yes. How well I remember.\rdblquote\par
Harry could remember too. He could remember it as though it had happened yesterday. \'85\par
Four summers ago, on his eleventh birthday, he had entered Mr. Ollivander\rquote s shop with Hagrid to buy a wand. Mr. Ollivander had taken his measurements and then started handing him wands to try. Harry had waved what felt like every wand in the shop, until at last he had found the one that suited him \emdash  this one, which was made of holly, eleven inches long, and contained a single feather from the tail of a phoenix. Mr. Ollivander had been very surprised that Harry had been so compatible with this wand. \ldblquote Curious,\rdblquote  he had said, \ldblquote curious,\rdblquote  and not until Harry asked what was curious had Mr. Ollivander explained that the phoenix feather in Harry\rquote s wand had come from the same bird that had supplied the core of Lord Voldemort\rquote s.\par
Harry had never shared this piece of information with anybody. He was very fond of his wand, and as far as he was concerned its re\-lation to Voldemort\rquote s wand was something it couldn\rquote t help \emdash  rather as he couldn\rquote t help being related to Aunt Petunia. However, he really hoped that Mr. Ollivander wasn\rquote t about to tell the room about it. He had a funny feeling Rita Skeeter\rquote s Quick-Quotes Quill might just explode with excitement if he did.\par
Mr. Ollivander spent much longer examining Harry\rquote s wand than anyone else\rquote s. Eventually, however, he made a fountain of wine shoot out of it, and handed it back to Harry, announcing that it was still in perfect condition.\par
\ldblquote Thank you all,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, standing up at the judges\rquote  table. \ldblquote You may go back to your lessons now \emdash  or perhaps it would be quicker just to go down to dinner, as they are about to end \emdash\rdblquote\par
Feeling that at last something had gone right today, Harry got up to leave, but the man with the black camera jumped up and cleared his throat.\par
\ldblquote Photos, Dumbledore, photos!\rdblquote  cried Bagman excitedly. \ldblquote All the judges and champions, what do you think, Rita?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  yes, let\rquote s do those first,\rdblquote  said Rita Skeeter, whose eyes were upon Harry again. \ldblquote And then perhaps some individual shots.\rdblquote\par
The photographs took a long time. Madame Maxime cast every\-one else into shadow wherever she stood, and the photographer couldn\rquote t stand far enough back to get her into the frame; eventually she had to sit while everyone else stood around her. Karkaroff kept twirling his goatee around his finger to give it an extra curl; Krum, whom Harry would have thought would have been used to this sort of thing, skulked, half-hidden, at the back of the group. The photographer seemed keenest to get Fleur at the front, but Rita Skeeter kept hurrying forward and dragging Harry into greater prominence. Then she insisted on separate shots of all the champi\-ons. At last, they were free to go.\par
Harry went down to dinner. Hermione wasn\rquote t there \emdash  he sup\-posed she was still in the hospital wing having her teeth fixed. He ate alone at the end of the table, then returned to Gryffindor Tower, thinking of all the extra work on Summoning Charms that he had to do. Up in the dormitory, he came across Ron.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve had an owl,\rdblquote  said Ron brusquely the moment he walked in. He was pointing at Harry\rquote s pillow. The school barn owl was waiting for him there.\par
\ldblquote Oh \emdash  right,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote And we\rquote ve got to do our detentions tomorrow night, Snape\rquote s dungeon,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
He then walked straight out of the room, not looking at Harry. For a moment, Harry considered going after him \emdash  he wasn\rquote t sure whether he wanted to talk to him or hit him, both seemed quite ap\-pealing \emdash  but the lure of Sirius\rquote s answer was too strong. Harry strode over to the barn owl, took the letter off its leg, and unrolled it.\par
\par
\i Harry \emdash\i0\par
\i I can\rquote t say everything I would like to in a letter, it\rquote s too risky in case the owl is intercepted \emdash  we need to talk face-to-face. Can you ensure that you are alone by the fire in Gryffindor Tower at one o\rquote clock in the morning on the 22nd of November?\i0\par
\i I know better than anyone that you can look after yourself and while you\rquote re around Dumbledore and Moody I don\rquote t think anyone will be able to hurt you. However, someone seems to be having a good try. Entering you in that tournament would have been very risky, especially right under Dumbledore\rquote s nose.\i0\par
\i Be on the watch, Harry. I still want to hear about anything unusual. Let me know about the 22nd of November as quickly as you can.\par
Sirius\par
\i0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 19\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Hungarian Horntail\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
The prospect of talking face-to-face with Sirius was all that sustained Harry over the next fortnight, the only bright spot on a horizon that had never looked darker. The shock of finding himself school champion had worn off slightly now, and the fear of what was facing him had started to sink in. The first task was draw\-ing steadily nearer; he felt as though it were crouching ahead of him like some horrific monster, barring his path. He had never suf\-fered nerves like these; they were way beyond anything he had ex\-perienced before a Quidditch match, not even his last one against Slytherin, which had decided who would win the Quidditch Cup. Harry was finding it hard to think about the future at all; he felt as though his whole life had been leading up to, and would finish with, the first task. \'85\par
Admittedly, he didn\rquote t see how Sirius was going to make him feel any better about having to perform an unknown piece of difficult and dangerous magic in front of hundreds of people, but the mere sight of a friendly face would be something at the moment. Harry wrote back to Sirius saying that he would be beside the common room fire at the time Sirius had suggested, and he and Hermione spent a long time going over plans for forcing any stragglers out of the common room on the night in question. If the worst came to the worst, they were going to drop a bag of Dungbombs, but they hoped they wouldn\rquote t have to resort to that \emdash  Filch would skin them alive.\par
In the meantime, life became even worse for Harry within the confines of the castle, for Rita Skeeter had published her piece about the Triwizard Tournament, and it had turned out to be not so much a report on the tournament as a highly colored life story of Harry. Much of the front page had been given over to a picture of Harry; the article (continuing on pages two, six, and seven) had been all about Harry, the names of the Beauxbatons and Durm\-strang champions (misspelled) had been squashed into the last line of the article, and Cedric hadn\rquote t been mentioned at all.\par
The article had appeared ten days ago, and Harry still got a sick, burning feeling of shame in his stomach every time he thought about it. Rita Skeeter had reported him saying an awful lot of things that he couldn\rquote t remember ever saying in his life, let alone in that broom cupboard.\par
\par
\i I suppose I get my strength from my parents. I know they\rquote d be very proud of me if they could see me now. \'85 Yes, sometimes at night I still cry about them, I\rquote m not ashamed to admit it. \'85 I know nothing will hurt me during the tournament, because they\rquote re watching over me. \'85\par
\i0\par
But Rita Skeeter had gone even further than transforming his \ldblquote er\rquote s\rdblquote  into long, sickly sentences: She had interviewed other people about him too.\par
\par
\i Harry has at last found love at Hogwarts. His close friend, Colin Creevey, says that Harry is rarely seen out of the company of one Hermione Granger, a stunningly pretty Muggle-born girl who, like Harry, is one of the top students in the school.\par
\i0\par
From the moment the article had appeared, Harry had had to endure people \emdash  Slytherins, mainly \emdash  quoting it at him as he passed and making sneering comments.\par
\ldblquote Want a hanky, Potter, in case you start crying in Transfig\-uration?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Since when have you been one of the top students in the school, Potter? Or is this a school you and Longbottom have set up together?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hey \emdash  Harry!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote s right!\rdblquote  Harry found himself shouting as he wheeled around in the corridor, having had just about enough. \ldblquote I\rquote ve just been crying my eyes out over my dead mum, and I\rquote m just off to do a bit more. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No \emdash  it was just \emdash  you dropped your quill.\rdblquote\par
It was Cho. Harry felt the color rising in his face.\par
\ldblquote Oh \emdash  right \emdash  sorry,\rdblquote  he muttered, taking the quill back.\par
\ldblquote Er \'85 good luck on Tuesday,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote I really hope you do well.\rdblquote\par
Which left Harry feeling extremely stupid\par
Hermione had come in for her fair share of unpleasantness too, but she hadn\rquote t yet started yelling at innocent bystanders; in fact, Harry was full of admiration for the way she was handling the situation.\par
\ldblquote\i Stunningly pretty\i0 ? \i Her\i0 ?\rdblquote  Pansy Parkinson had shrieked the first time she had come face-to-face with Hermione after Rita\rquote s article had appeared. \ldblquote What was she judging against \emdash  a chipmunk?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ignore it,\rdblquote  Hermione said in a dignified voice, holding her head in the air and stalking past the sniggering Slytherin girls as though she couldn\rquote t hear them. \ldblquote Just ignore it, Harry.\rdblquote\par
But Harry couldn\rquote t ignore it. Ron hadn\rquote t spoken to him at all since he had told him about Snape\rquote s detentions. Harry had half hoped they would make things up during the two hours they were forced to pickle rats\rquote  brains in Snape\rquote s dungeon, but that had been the day Rita\rquote s article had appeared, which seemed to have con\-firmed Ron\rquote s belief that Harry was really enjoying all the attention.\par
Hermione was furious with the pair of them; she went from one to the other, trying to force them to talk to each other, but Harry was adamant: He would talk to Ron again only if Ron admitted that Harry hadn\rquote t put his name in the Goblet of Fire and apolo\-gized for calling him a liar.\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t start this,\rdblquote  Harry said stubbornly. \ldblquote It\rquote s his problem.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You miss him!\rdblquote  Hermione said impatiently. \ldblquote And I \i know\i0  he misses you \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Miss him\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I don\rquote t \i miss him. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
But this was a downright lie. Harry liked Hermione very much, but she just wasn\rquote t the same as Ron. There was much less laughter and a lot more hanging around in the library when Hermione was your best friend. Harry still hadn\rquote t mastered Summoning Charms, he seemed to have developed something of a block about them, and Hermione insisted that learning the theory would help. They consequently spent a lot of time poring over books during their lunchtimes.\par
Viktor Krum was in the library an awful lot too, and Harry wondered what he was up to. Was he studying, or was he looking for things to help him through the first task? Hermione often com\-plained about Krum being there \emdash  not that he ever bothered them \emdash  but because groups of giggling girls often turned up to spy on him from behind bookshelves, and Hermione found the noise distracting.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s not even good-looking!\rdblquote  she muttered angrily, glaring at Krum\rquote s sharp profile. \ldblquote They only like him because he\rquote s famous! They wouldn\rquote t look twice at him if he couldn\rquote t do that Wonky-Faint thing \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wronski Feint,\rdblquote  said Harry, through gritted teeth. Quite apart from liking to get Quidditch terms correct, it caused him another pang to imagine Ron\rquote s expression if he could have heard Hermione talking about Wonky-Faints.\par
\par
It is a strange thing, but when you are dreading something, and would give anything to slow down time, it has a disobliging habit of speeding up. The days until the first task seemed to slip by as though someone had fixed the clocks to work at double speed. Harry\rquote s feeling of barely controlled panic was with him wherever he went, as everpresent as the snide comments about the \i Daily Prophet \i0 article.\par
On the Saturday before the first task, all students in the third year and above were permitted to visit the village of Hogsmeade. Hermione told Harry that it would do him good to get away from the castle for a bit, and Harry didn\rquote t need much persuasion.\par
\ldblquote What about Ron, though?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you want to go with him?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh \'85 well \'85\rdblquote  Hermione went slightly pink. \ldblquote I thought we might meet up with him in the Three Broomsticks. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry flatly.\par
\ldblquote Oh Harry, this is so stupid \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll come, but I\rquote m not meeting Ron, and I\rquote m wearing my Invis\-ibility Cloak.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh all right then \'85\rdblquote  Hermione snapped, \ldblquote but I hate talking to you in that cloak, I never know if I\rquote m looking at you or not.\rdblquote\par
So Harry put on his Invisibility Cloak in the dormitory, went back downstairs, and together he and Hermione set off for Hogsmeade.\par
Harry felt wonderfully free under the cloak; he watched other students walking past them as they entered the village, most of them sporting \i Support Cedric Diggory\i0 ! badges, but no horrible re\-marks came his way for a change, and nobody was quoting that stupid article.\par
\ldblquote People keep looking at \i me\i0  now,\rdblquote  said Hermione grumpily as they came out of Honeydukes Sweetshop later, eating large cream-filled chocolates. \ldblquote They think I\rquote m talking to myself.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t move your lips so much then.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come \i on,\i0  please just take off your cloak for a bit, no one\rquote s go\-ing to bother you here.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh yeah?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Look behind you.\rdblquote\par
Rita Skeeter and her photographer friend had just emerged from the Three Broomsticks pub. Talking in low voices, they passed right by Hermione without looking at her. Harry backed into the wall of Honeydukes to stop Rita Skeeter from hitting him with her crocodile-skin handbag. When they were gone, Harry said, \ldblquote She\rquote s staying in the village. I bet she\rquote s coming to watch the first task.\rdblquote\par
As he said it, his stomach flooded with a wave of molten panic. He didn\rquote t mention this; he and Hermione hadn\rquote t discussed what was coming in the first task much; he had the feeling she didn\rquote t want to think about it.\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s gone,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking right through Harry to\-ward the end of the street. \ldblquote Why don\rquote t we go and have a butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks, it\rquote s a bit cold, isn\rquote t it? You don\rquote t have to talk to Ron!\rdblquote  she added irritably, correctly interpreting his silence.\par
The Three Broomsticks was packed, mainly with Hogwarts stu\-dents enjoying their free afternoon, but also with a variety of mag\-ical people Harry rarely saw anywhere else. Harry supposed that as Hogsmeade was the only all-wizard village in Britain, it was a bit of a haven for creatures like hags, who were not as adept as wizards at disguising themselves.\par
It was very hard to move through crowds in the Invisibility Cloak, in case you accidentally trod on someone, which tended to lead to awkward questions. Harry edged slowly toward a spare table in the corner while Hermione went to buy drinks. On his way through the pub, Harry spotted Ron, who was sitting with Fred, George, and Lee Jordan. Resisting the urge to give Ron a good hard poke in the back of the head, he finally reached the table and sat down at it.\par
Hermione joined him a moment later and slipped him a butter\-beer under his cloak.\par
\ldblquote I look like such an idiot, sitting here on my own,\rdblquote  she mut\-tered. \ldblquote Lucky I brought something to do.\rdblquote\par
And she pulled out a notebook in which she had been keeping a record of S.P.E.W. members. Harry saw his and Ron\rquote s names at the top of the very short list. It seemed a long time ago that they had sat making up those predictions together, and Hermione had turned up and appointed them secretary and treasurer.\par
\ldblquote You know, maybe I should try and get some of the villagers in\-volved in S.P.E.W.,\rdblquote  Hermione said thoughtfully, looking around the pub.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, right,\rdblquote  said Harry. He took a swig of butterbeer under his cloak. \ldblquote Hermione, when are you going to give up on this spew stuff?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote When house-elves have decent wages and working conditions!\rdblquote  she hissed back. \ldblquote You know, I\rquote m starting to think it\rquote s time for more direct action. I wonder how you get into the school kitchens?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No idea, ask Fred and George,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Hermione lapsed into thoughtful silence, while Harry drank his butterbeer, watching the people in the pub. All of them looked cheerful and relaxed. Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbot were swapping Chocolate Frog cards at a nearby table; both of them sporting \i Support Cedric Diggory\i0 ! badges on their cloaks. Right over by the door he saw Cho and a large group of her Ravenclaw friends. She wasn\rquote t wearing a Cedric badge though. \'85 This cheered up Harry very slightly. \'85\par
What wouldn\rquote t he have given to be one of these people, sitting around laughing and talking, with nothing to worry about but homework? He imagined how it would have felt to be here if his name \i hadn\rquote t\i0  come out of the Goblet of Fire. He wouldn\rquote t be wearing the Invisibility Cloak, for one thing. Ron would be sitting with him. The three of them would probably be happily imagining what deadly dangerous task the school champions would be facing on Tuesday. He\rquote d have been really looking forward to it, watching them do whatever it was \'85 cheering on Cedric with everyone else, safe in a seat at the back of the stands. \'85\par
He wondered how the other champions were feeling. Every time he had seen Cedric lately, he had been surrounded by admirers and looking nervous but excited. Harry glimpsed Fleur Delacour from time to time in the corridors; she looked exactly as she always did, haughty and unruffled. And Krum just sat in the library, poring over books.\par
Harry thought of Sirius, and the tight, tense knot in his chest seemed to ease slightly. He would be speaking to him in just over twelve hours, for tonight was the night they were meeting at the common room fire \emdash  assuming nothing went wrong, as every\-thing else had done lately. \'85\par
\ldblquote Look, it\rquote s Hagrid!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
The back of Hagrid\rquote s enormous shaggy head \emdash  he had merci\-fully abandoned his bunches \emdash  emerged over the crowd. Harry wondered why he hadn\rquote t spotted him at once, as Hagrid was so large, but standing up carefully, he saw that Hagrid had been lean\-ing low, talking to Professor Moody. Hagrid had his usual enor\-mous tankard in front of him, but Moody was drinking from his hip flask. Madam Rosmerta, the pretty landlady, didn\rquote t seem to think much of this; she was looking askance at Moody as she col\-lected glasses from tables around them. Perhaps she thought it was an insult to her mulled mead, but Harry knew better. Moody had told them all during their last Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson that he preferred to prepare his own food and drink at all times, as it was so easy for Dark wizards to poison an unattended cup.\par
As Harry watched, he saw Hagrid and Moody get up to leave. He waved, then remembered that Hagrid couldn\rquote t see him. Moody, however, paused, his magical eye on the corner where Harry was standing. He tapped Hagrid in the small of the back (being unable to reach his shoulder), muttered something to him, and then the pair of them made their way back across the pub toward Harry and Hermione\rquote s table.\par
\ldblquote All right, Hermione?\rdblquote  said Hagrid loudly.\par
\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  said Hermione, smiling back.\par
Moody limped around the table and bent down; Harry thought he was reading the S.P.E.W. notebook, until he muttered, \ldblquote Nice cloak, Potter.\rdblquote\par
Harry stared at him in amazement. The large chunk missing from Moody\rquote s nose was particularly obvious at a few inches\rquote  dis\-tance. Moody grinned.\par
\ldblquote Can your eye \emdash  I mean, can you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, it can see through Invisibility Cloaks,\rdblquote  Moody said qui\-etly. \ldblquote And it\rquote s come in useful at times, I can tell you.\rdblquote\par
Hagrid was beaming down at Harry too. Harry knew Hagrid couldn\rquote t see him, but Moody had obviously told Hagrid he was there. Hagrid now bent down on the pretext of reading the S.P.E.W. notebook as well, and said in a whisper so low that only Harry could hear it, \ldblquote Harry, meet me tonight at midnight at me cabin. Wear that cloak.\rdblquote\par
Straightening up, Hagrid said loudly, \ldblquote Nice ter see yeh, Hermione,\rdblquote  winked, and departed. Moody followed him.\par
\ldblquote Why does Hagrid want me to meet him at midnight?\rdblquote  Harry said, very surprised.\par
\ldblquote Does he?\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking startled. \ldblquote I wonder what he\rquote s up to? I don\rquote t know whether you should go, Harry. \'85\rdblquote  She looked nervously around and hissed, \ldblquote It might make you late for Sirius.\rdblquote\par
It was true that going down to Hagrid\rquote s at midnight would mean cutting his meeting with Sirius very fine indeed; Hermione sug\-gested sending Hedwig down to Hagrid\rquote s to tell him he couldn\rquote t go \emdash  always assuming she would consent to take the note, of course \emdash  Harry, however, thought it better just to be quick at what\-ever Hagrid wanted him for. He was very curious to know what this might be; Hagrid had never asked Harry to visit him so late at night.\par
At half past eleven that evening, Harry, who had pretended to go up to bed early, pulled the Invisibility Cloak back over himself and crept back downstairs through the common room. Quite a few people were still in there. The Creevey brothers had managed to get hold of a stack of \i Support Cedric Diggory\i0 ! badges and were trying to bewitch them to make them say \i Support Harry Potter\i0 ! instead. So far, however, all they had managed to do was get the badges stuck on \i POTTER STINKS. \i0 Harry crept past them to the portrait hole and waited for a minute or so, keeping an eye on his watch. Then Hermione opened the Fat Lady for him from outside as they had planned. He slipped past her with a whispered \ldblquote Thanks!\rdblquote  and set off through the castle.\par
The grounds were very dark. Harry walked down the lawn toward the lights shining in Hagrid\rquote s cabin. The inside of the enormous Beauxbatons carriage was also lit up; Harry could hear Madame Maxime talking inside it as he knocked on Hagrid\rquote s front door.\par
\ldblquote You there, Harry?\rdblquote  Hagrid whispered, opening the door and looking around.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, slipping inside the cabin and pulling the cloak down off his head. \ldblquote What\rquote s up?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Got summat ter show yeh,\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\par
There was an air of enormous excitement about Hagrid. He was wearing a flower that resembled an oversized artichoke in his but\-tonhole. It looked as though he had abandoned the use of axle grease, but he had certainly attempted to comb his hair \emdash  Harry could see the comb\rquote s broken teeth tangled in it.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote re you showing me?\rdblquote  Harry said warily, wondering if the skrewts had laid eggs, or Hagrid had managed to buy another giant three-headed dog off a stranger in a pub.\par
\ldblquote Come with me, keep quiet, an\rquote  keep yerself covered with that cloak,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote We won\rquote  take Fang, he won\rquote  like it. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Listen, Hagrid, I can\rquote t stay long. \'85 I\rquote ve got to be back up at the castle by one o\rquote clock \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Hagrid wasn\rquote t listening; he was opening the cabin door and striding off into the night. Harry hurried to follow and found, to his great surprise, that Hagrid was leading him to the Beauxbatons carriage.\par
\ldblquote Hagrid, what \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shhh!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, and he knocked three times on the door bearing the crossed golden wands.\par
Madame Maxime opened it. She was wearing a silk shawl wrapped around her massive shoulders. She smiled when she saw Hagrid.\par
\ldblquote Ah, \rquote Agrid \'85 it is time?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Bong-sewer,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, beaming at her, and holding out a hand to help her down the golden steps.\par
Madame Maxime closed the door behind her, Hagrid offered her his arm, and they set off around the edge of the paddock con\-taining Madame Maxime\rquote s giant winged horses, with Harry, totally bewildered, running to keep up with them. Had Hagrid wanted to show him Madame Maxime? He could see her any old time he wanted \'85 she wasn\rquote t exactly hard to miss. \'85\par
But it seemed that Madame Maxime was in for the same treat as Harry, because after a while she said playfully, \ldblquote Wair is it you are taking me, \rquote Agrid?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeh\rquote ll enjoy this,\rdblquote  said Hagrid gruffly, \ldblquote worth seein\rquote , trust me. On\rquote y \emdash  don\rquote  go tellin\rquote  anyone I showed yeh, right? Yeh\rquote re not s\rquote posed ter know.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course not,\rdblquote  said Madame Maxime, fluttering her long black eyelashes.\par
And still they walked, Harry getting more and more irritated as he jogged along in their wake, checking his watch every now and then. Hagrid had some harebrained scheme in hand, which might make him miss Sirius. If they didn\rquote t get there soon, he was going to turn around, go straight back to the castle, and leave Hagrid to en\-joy his moonlit stroll with Madame Maxime. \'85\par
But then \emdash  when they had walked so far around the perimeter of the forest that the castle and the lake were out of sight \emdash  Harry heard something. Men were shouting up ahead \'85 then came a deafening, earsplitting roar. \'85\par
Hagrid led Madame Maxime around a clump of trees and came to a halt. Harry hurried up alongside them \emdash  for a split second, he thought he was seeing bonfires, and men darting around them \emdash  and then his mouth fell open.\par
\i Dragons.\i0\par
Four fully grown, enormous, vicious-looking dragons were rear\-ing onto their hind legs inside an enclosure fenced with thick planks of wood, roaring and snorting \emdash  torrents of fire were shooting into the dark sky from their open, fanged mouths, fifty feet above the ground on their outstretched necks. There was a silvery-blue one with long, pointed horns, snapping and snarling at the wizards on the ground; a smooth-scaled green one, which was writhing and stamping with all its might; a red one with an odd fringe of fine gold spikes around its face, which was shooting mushroom-shaped fire clouds into the air; and a gigantic black one, more lizard-like than the others, which was nearest to them.\par
At least thirty wizards, seven or eight to each dragon, were attempting to control them, pulling on the chains connected to heavy leather straps around their necks and legs. Mesmerized, Harry looked up, high above him, and saw the eyes of the black dragon, with vertical pupils like a cat\rquote s, bulging with either fear or rage, he couldn\rquote t tell which. \'85 It was making a horrible noise, a yowling, screeching scream. \'85\par
\ldblquote Keep back there, Hagrid!\rdblquote  yelled a wizard near the fence, strain\-ing on the chain he was holding. \ldblquote They can shoot fire at a range of twenty feet, you know! I\rquote ve seen this Horntail do forty!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Is\rquote n\rquote  it beautiful?\rdblquote  said Hagrid softly.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s no good!\rdblquote  yelled another wizard. \ldblquote Stunning Spells, on the count of three!\rdblquote\par
Harry saw each of the dragon keepers pull out his wand.\par
\ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote  they shouted in unison, and the Stunning Spells shot into the darkness like fiery rockets, bursting in showers of stars on the dragons\rquote  scaly hides \emdash\par
Harry watched the dragon nearest to them teeter dangerously on its back legs; its jaws stretched wide in a silent howl; its nostrils were suddenly devoid of flame, though still smoking \emdash  then, very slowly, it fell. Several tons of sinewy, scaly-black dragon hit the ground with a thud that Harry could have sworn made the trees behind him quake.\par
The dragon keepers lowered their wands and walked forward to their fallen charges, each of which was the size of a small hill. They hurried to tighten the chains and fasten them securely to iron pegs, which they forced deep into the ground with their wands.\par
\ldblquote Wan\rquote  a closer look?\rdblquote  Hagrid asked Madame Maxime excitedly. The pair of them moved right up to the fence, and Harry followed. The wizard who had warned Hagrid not to come any closer turned, and Harry realized who it was: Charlie Weasley.\par
\ldblquote All right, Hagrid?\rdblquote  he panted, coming over to talk. \ldblquote They should be okay now \emdash  we put them out with a Sleeping Draft on the way here, thought it might be better for them to wake up in the dark and the quiet \emdash  but, like you saw, they weren\rquote t happy, not happy at all \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What breeds you got here, Charlie?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, gazing at the closest dragon, the black one, with something close to reverence. Its eyes were still just open. Harry could see a strip of gleaming yel\-low beneath its wrinkled black eyelid.\par
\ldblquote This is a Hungarian Horntail,\rdblquote  said Charlie. \ldblquote There\rquote s a Com\-mon Welsh Green over there, the smaller one \emdash  a Swedish Short-Snout, that blue-gray \emdash  and a Chinese Fireball, that\rquote s the red.\rdblquote\par
Charlie looked around; Madame Maxime was strolling away around the edge of the enclosure, gazing at the stunned dragons.\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t know you were bringing her, Hagrid,\rdblquote  Charlie said, frowning. \ldblquote The champions aren\rquote t supposed to know what\rquote s com\-ing \emdash  she\rquote s bound to tell her student, isn\rquote t she?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Jus\rquote  thought she\rquote d like ter see \rquote em,\rdblquote  shrugged Hagrid, still gaz\-ing, enraptured, at the dragons.\par
\ldblquote Really romantic date, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Charlie, shaking his head.\par
\ldblquote Four \'85\rdblquote  said Hagrid, \ldblquote so it\rquote s one fer each o\rquote  the champions, is it? What\rquote ve they gotta do \emdash  fight \rquote em?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Just get past them, I think,\rdblquote  said Charlie. \ldblquote We\rquote ll be on hand if it gets nasty, Extinguishing Spells at the ready. They wanted nest\-ing mothers, I don\rquote t know why \'85 but I tell you this, I don\rquote t envy the one who gets the Horntail. Vicious thing. Its back end\rquote s as dan\-gerous as its front, look.\rdblquote\par
Charlie pointed toward the Horntail\rquote s tail, and Harry saw long, bronze-colored spikes protruding along it every few inches.\par
Five of Charlie\rquote s fellow keepers staggered up to the Horntail at that moment, carrying a clutch of huge granite-gray eggs between them in a blanket. They placed them carefully at the Horntail\rquote s side. Hagrid let out a moan of longing.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve got them counted, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Charlie sternly. Then he said, \ldblquote How\rquote s Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. He was still gazing at the eggs.\par
\ldblquote Just hope he\rquote s still fine after he\rquote s faced this lot,\rdblquote  said Charlie grimly, looking out over the dragons\rquote  enclosure. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t dare tell Mum what he\rquote s got to do for the first task; she\rquote s already having kit\-tens about him. \'85\rdblquote  Charlie imitated his mother\rquote s anxious voice. \ldblquote  \lquote\i How could they let him enter that tournament, he\rquote s much too young\i0 ! \i I thought they were all safe, I thought there was going to be an age\i0  \i limit\i0 !\rquote  She was in floods after that \i Daily Prophet\i0  article about him. \lquote\i He still cries about his parents\i0 ! \i Oh bless him, I never knew\i0 !\rquote  \rdblquote\par
Harry had had enough. Trusting to the fact that Hagrid wouldn\rquote t miss him, with the attractions of four dragons and Madame Maxime to occupy him, he turned silently and began to walk away, back to the castle.\par
He didn\rquote t know whether he was glad he\rquote d seen what was coming or not. Perhaps this way was better. The first shock was over now. Maybe if he\rquote d seen the dragons for the first time on Tuesday, he would have passed out cold in front of the whole school \'85 but maybe he would anyway. \'85 He was going to be armed with his wand \emdash  which, just now, felt like nothing more than a narrow strip of wood \emdash  against a fifty-foot-high, scaly, spike-ridden, fire-breathing dragon. And he had to get past it. With everyone watch\-ing. \i How\i0 ?\par
Harry sped up, skirting the edge of the forest; he had just under fifteen minutes to get back to the fireside and talk to Sirius, and he couldn\rquote t remember, ever, wanting to talk to someone more than he did right now \emdash  when, without warning, he ran into something very solid.\par
Harry fell backward, his glasses askew, clutching the cloak around him. A voice nearby said, \ldblquote Ouch! Who\rquote s there?\rdblquote\par
Harry hastily checked that the cloak was covering him and lay very still, staring up at the dark outline of the wizard he had hit. He recognized the goatee \'85 it was Karkaroff.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s there?\rdblquote  said Karkaroff again, very suspiciously, looking around in the darkness. Harry remained still and silent. After a minute or so, Karkaroff seemed to decide that he had hit some sort of animal; he was looking around at waist height, as though ex\-pecting to see a dog. Then he crept back under the cover of the trees and started to edge forward toward the place where the drag\-ons were.\par
Very slowly and very carefully, Harry got to his feet and set off again as fast as he could without making too much noise, hurrying through the darkness back toward Hogwarts.\par
He had no doubt whatsoever what Karkaroff was up to. He had sneaked off his ship to try and find out what the first task was going to be. He might even have spotted Hagrid and Madame Maxime heading off around the forest together \emdash  they were hardly difficult to spot at a distance \'85 and now all Karkaroff had to do was fol\-low the sound of voices, and he, like Madame Maxime, would know what was in store for the champions.\par
By the looks of it, the only champion who would be facing the unknown on Tuesday was Cedric.\par
Harry reached the castle, slipped in through the front doors, and began to climb the marble stairs; he was very out of breath, but he didn\rquote t dare slow down. \'85 He had less than five minutes to get up to the fire. \'85\par
\ldblquote Balderdash!\rdblquote  he gasped at the Fat Lady, who was snoozing in her frame in front of the portrait hole.\par
\ldblquote If you say so,\rdblquote  she muttered sleepily, without opening her eyes, and the picture swung forward to admit him. Harry climbed in\-side. The common room was deserted, and, judging by the fact that it smelled quite normal, Hermione had not needed to set off any Dungbombs to ensure that he and Sirius got privacy.\par
Harry pulled off the Invisibility Cloak and threw himself into an armchair in front of the fire. The room was in semidarkness; the flames were the only source of light. Nearby, on a table, the \i Support Cedric Diggory\i0 ! badges the Creeveys had been trying to improve were glinting in the firelight. They now read \i POTTER REALLY STINKS. \i0 Harry looked back into the flames, and jumped.\par
Sirius\rquote s head was sitting in the fire. If Harry hadn\rquote t seen Mr. Dig\-gory do exactly this back in the Weasleys\rquote  kitchen, it would have scared him out of his wits. Instead, his face breaking into the first smile he had worn for days, he scrambled out of his chair, crouched down by the hearth, and said, \ldblquote Sirius \emdash  how\rquote re you doing?\rdblquote\par
Sirius looked different from Harry\rquote s memory of him. When they had said good-bye, Sirius\rquote s face had been gaunt and sunken, sur\-rounded by a quantity of long, black, matted hair \emdash  but the hair was short and clean now, Sirius\rquote s face was fuller, and he looked younger, much more like the only photograph Harry had of him, which had been taken at the Potters\rquote  wedding.\par
\ldblquote Never mind me, how are you?\rdblquote  said Sirius seriously.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m \emdash\rdblquote  For a second, Harry tried to say \ldblquote fine\rdblquote  \emdash  but he couldn\rquote t do it. Before he could stop himself, he was talking more than he\rquote d talked in days \emdash  about how no one believed he hadn\rquote t entered the tournament of his own free will, how Rita Skeeter had lied about him in the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  how he couldn\rquote t walk down a corridor without being sneered at \emdash  and about Ron, Ron not believing him, Ron\rquote s jealousy \'85\par
\ldblquote\'85 and now Hagrid\rquote s just shown me what\rquote s coming in the first task, and it\rquote s dragons, Sirius, and I\rquote m a goner,\rdblquote  he finished des\-perately.\par
Sirius looked at him, eyes full of concern, eyes that had not yet lost the look that Azkaban had given them \emdash  that deadened, haunted look. He had let Harry talk himself into silence without interruption, but now he said, \ldblquote Dragons we can deal with, Harry, but we\rquote ll get to that in a minute \emdash  I haven\rquote t got long here \'85 I\rquote ve broken into a wizarding house to use the fire, but they could be back at any time. There are things I need to warn you about.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry, feeling his spirits slip a further few notches. \'85 Surely there could be nothing worse than dragons coming?\par
\ldblquote Karkaroff,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote Harry, he was a Death Eater. You know what Death Eaters are, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes \emdash  he \emdash  what?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He was caught, he was in Azkaban with me, but he got released. I\rquote d bet everything that\rquote s why Dumbledore wanted an Auror at Hogwarts this year \emdash  to keep an eye on him. Moody caught Karkaroff. Put him into Azkaban in the first place.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Karkaroff got released?\rdblquote  Harry said slowly \emdash  his brain seemed to be struggling to absorb yet another piece of shocking informa\-tion. \ldblquote Why did they release him?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He did a deal with the Ministry of Magic,\rdblquote  said Sirius bitterly. \ldblquote He said he\rquote d seen the error of his ways, and then he named names \'85 he put a load of other people into Azkaban in his place. \'85 He\rquote s not very popular in there, I can tell you. And since he got out, from what I can tell, he\rquote s been teaching the Dark Arts to every student who passes through that school of his. So watch out for the Durmstrang champion as well.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly. \ldblquote But \'85 are you saying Karkaroff put my name in the goblet? Because if he did, he\rquote s a really good actor. He seemed furious about it. He wanted to stop me from competing.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We know he\rquote s a good actor,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote because he convinced the Ministry of Magic to set him free, didn\rquote t he? Now, I\rquote ve been keeping an eye on the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  Harry \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  you and the rest of the world,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly.\par
\ldblquote\emdash  and reading between the lines of that Skeeter woman\rquote s arti\-cle last month, Moody was attacked the night before he started at Hogwarts. Yes, I know she says it was another false alarm,\rdblquote  Sirius said hastily, seeing Harry about to speak, \ldblquote but I don\rquote t think so, somehow. I think someone tried to stop him from getting to Hog\-warts. I think someone knew their job would be a lot more difficult with him around. And no one\rquote s going to look into it too closely; Mad-Eye\rquote s heard intruders a bit too often. But that doesn\rquote t mean he can\rquote t still spot the real thing. Moody was the best Auror the Min\-istry ever had.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So \'85 what are you saying?\rdblquote  said Harry slowly. \ldblquote Karkaroff\rquote s trying to kill me? But \emdash  why?\rdblquote\par
Sirius hesitated.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve been hearing some very strange things,\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote The Death Eaters seem to be a bit more active than usual lately. They showed themselves at the Quidditch World Cup, didn\rquote t they? Someone set off the Dark Mark \'85 and then \emdash  did you hear about that Ministry of Magic witch who\rquote s gone missing?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Bertha Jorkins?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Exactly \'85 she disappeared in Albania, and that\rquote s definitely where Voldemort was rumored to be last \'85 and she would have known the Triwizard Tournament was coming up, wouldn\rquote t she?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, but \'85 it\rquote s not very likely she\rquote d have walked straight into Voldemort, is it?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Listen, I knew Bertha Jorkins,\rdblquote  said Sirius grimly. \ldblquote She was at Hogwarts when I was, a few years above your dad and me. And she was an idiot. Very nosy, but no brains, none at all. It\rquote s not a good combination, Harry. I\rquote d say she\rquote d be very easy to lure into a trap.\par
\ldblquote So \'85 so Voldemort could have found out about the tourna\-ment?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Is that what you mean? You think Karkaroff might be here on his orders?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Sirius slowly, \ldblquote I just don\rquote t know \'85 Karkaroff doesn\rquote t strike me as the type who\rquote d go back to Voldemort unless he knew Voldemort was powerful enough to protect him. But whoever put your name in that goblet did it for a reason, and I can\rquote t help thinking the tournament would be a very good way to attack you and make it look like an accident.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Looks like a really good plan from where I\rquote m standing,\rdblquote  said Harry grinning bleakly. \ldblquote They\rquote ll just have to stand back and let the dragons do their stuff.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Right \emdash  these dragons,\rdblquote  said Sirius, speaking very quickly now. \ldblquote There\rquote s a way, Harry. Don\rquote t be tempted to try a Stunning Spell \emdash  dragons are strong and too powerfully magical to be knocked out by a single Stunner, you need about half a dozen wiz\-ards at a time to overcome a dragon \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I know, I just saw,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote But you can do it alone,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote There is a way, and a sim\-ple spell\rquote s all you need. Just \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Harry held up a hand to silence him, his heart suddenly pounding as though it would burst. He could hear footsteps com\-ing down the spiral staircase behind him.\par
\ldblquote Go!\rdblquote  he hissed at Sirius. \ldblquote\i Go\i0 ! There\rquote s someone coming!\rdblquote\par
Harry scrambled to his feet, hiding the fire \emdash  if someone saw Sirius\rquote s face within the walls of Hogwarts, they would raise an almighty uproar \emdash  the Ministry would get dragged in \emdash  he, Harry, would be questioned about Sirius\rquote s whereabouts \emdash\par
Harry heard a tiny \i pop\i0 ! in the fire behind him and knew Sirius had gone. He watched the bottom of the spiral staircase. Who had decided to go for a stroll at one o\rquote clock in the morning, and stopped Sirius from telling him how to get past a dragon?\par
It was Ron. Dressed in his maroon paisley pajamas, Ron stopped dead facing Harry across the room, and looked around.\par
\ldblquote Who were you talking to?\rdblquote  he said.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that got to do with you?\rdblquote  Harry snarled. \ldblquote What are you doing down here at this time of night?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I just wondered where you \emdash\rdblquote  Ron broke off, shrugging. \ldblquote Nothing. I\rquote m going back to bed.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Just thought you\rquote d come nosing around, did you?\rdblquote  Harry shouted. He knew that Ron had no idea what he\rquote d walked in on, knew he hadn\rquote t done it on purpose, but he didn\rquote t care \emdash  at this moment he hated everything about Ron, right down to the several inches of bare ankle showing beneath his pajama trousers.\par
\ldblquote Sorry about that,\rdblquote  said Ron, his face reddening with anger. \ldblquote Should\rquote ve realized you didn\rquote t want to be disturbed. I\rquote ll let you get on with practicing for your next interview in peace.\rdblquote\par
Harry seized one of the \i POTTER REALLY STINKS \i0 badges off the table and chucked it, as hard as he could, across the room. It hit Ron on the forehead and bounced off.\par
\ldblquote There you go,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote Something for you to wear on Tuesday. You might even have a scar now, if you\rquote re lucky. \'85 That\rquote s what you want, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\par
He strode across the room toward the stairs; he half expected Ron to stop him, he would even have liked Ron to throw a punch at him, but Ron just stood there in his too-small pajamas, and Harry, having stormed upstairs, lay awake in bed fuming for a long time afterward and didn\rquote t hear him come up to bed.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The First Task\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Harry got up on Sunday morning and dressed so inatten\-tively that it was a while before he realized he was trying to pull his hat onto his foot instead of his sock. When he\rquote d finally got all his clothes on the right parts of his body, he hurried off to find Hermione, locating her at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall, where she was eating breakfast with Ginny. Feeling too queasy to eat, Harry waited until Hermione had swallowed her last spoonful of porridge, then dragged her out onto the grounds. There, he told her all about the dragons, and about everything Sirius had said, while they took another long walk around the lake.\par
Alarmed as she was by Sirius\rquote s warnings about Karkaroff, Hermione still thought that the dragons were the more pressing problem.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s just try and keep you alive until Tuesday evening,\rdblquote  she said desperately, \ldblquote and then we can worry about Karkaroff.\rdblquote\par
They walked three times around the lake, trying all the way to think of a simple spell that would subdue a dragon. Nothing what\-soever occurred to them, so they retired to the library instead. Here, Harry pulled down every book he could find on dragons, and both of them set to work searching through the large pile.\par
\ldblquote  \lquote\i Talon-clipping by charms\i0  \'85 \i treating scale-rot\i0  \'85\rquote  This is no good, this is for nutters like Hagrid who want to keep them healthy. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote  \lquote\i Dragons are extremely difficult to slay, owing to the ancient magic that imbues their thick hides, which none but the most powerful spells can penetrate\i0  \'85\rquote  But Sirius said a simple one would do it. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s try some simple spellbooks, then,\rdblquote  said Harry, throwing aside \i Men Who Love Dragons Too Much.\i0\par
He returned to the table with a pile of spellbooks, set them down, and began to flick through each in turn, Hermione whis\-pering nonstop at his elbow.\par
\ldblquote Well, there are Switching Spells \'85 but what\rquote s the point of Switching it? Unless you swapped its fangs for wine-gums or some\-thing that would make it less dangerous. \'85 The trouble is, like that book said, not much is going to get through a dragon\rquote s hide. \'85 I\rquote d say Transfigure it, but something that big, you really haven\rquote t got a hope, I doubt even Professor McGonagall \'85 unless you\rquote re supposed to put the spell on \i yourself\i0 ? Maybe to give yourself extra powers? But \i they\rquote re\i0  not simple spells, I mean, we haven\rquote t done any of those in class, I only know about them because I\rquote ve been do\-ing O.W.L. practice papers. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  Harry said, through gritted teeth, \ldblquote will you shut up for a bit, please? I\rquote m trying to concentrate.\rdblquote\par
But all that happened, when Hermione fell silent, was that Harry\rquote s brain filled with a sort of blank buzzing, which didn\rquote t seem to allow room for concentration. He stared hopelessly down the in\-dex of \i Basic Hexes for the Busy and Vexed. Instant scalping\i0  \'85 but dragons had no hair \'85 \i pepper breath\i0  \'85 that would probably in\-crease a dragon\rquote s firepower \'85 \i horn tongue\i0  \'85 just what he needed, to give it an extra weapon \'85\par
\ldblquote Oh no, he\rquote s back \i again,\i0  why can\rquote t he read on his stupid ship?\rdblquote  said Hermione irritably as Viktor Krum slouched in, cast a surly look over at the pair of them, and settled himself in a distant cor\-ner with a pile of books. \ldblquote Come on, Harry, we\rquote ll go back to the common room \'85 his fan club\rquote ll be here in a moment, twittering away. \'85\rdblquote\par
And sure enough, as they left the library, a gang of girls tiptoed past them, one of them wearing a Bulgaria scarf tied around her waist.\par
\par
Harry barely slept that night. When he awoke on Monday morn\-ing, he seriously considered for the first time ever just running away from Hogwarts. But as he looked around the Great Hall at breakfast time, and thought about what leaving the castle would mean, he knew he couldn\rquote t do it. It was the only place he had ever been happy \'85 well, he supposed he must have been happy with his parents too, but he couldn\rquote t remember that.\par
Somehow, the knowledge that he would rather be here and fac\-ing a dragon than back on Privet Drive with Dudley was good to know; it made him feel slightly calmer. He finished his bacon with difficulty (his throat wasn\rquote t working too well), and as he and Hermione got up, he saw Cedric Diggory leaving the Hufflepuff table.\par
Cedric still didn\rquote t know about the dragons \'85 the only cham\-pion who didn\rquote t, if Harry was right in thinking that Maxime and Karkaroff would have told Fleur and Krum. \'85\par
\ldblquote Hermione, I\rquote ll see you in the greenhouses,\rdblquote  Harry said, coming to his decision as he watched Cedric leaving the Hall. \ldblquote Go on, I\rquote ll catch you up.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry, you\rquote ll be late, the bell\rquote s about to ring \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll catch you up, okay?\rdblquote\par
By the time Harry reached the bottom of the marble staircase, Cedric was at the top. He was with a load of sixth-year friends. Harry didn\rquote t want to talk to Cedric in front of them; they were among those who had been quoting Rita Skeeter\rquote s article at him every time he went near them. He followed Cedric at a distance and saw that he was heading toward the Charms corridor. This gave Harry an idea. Pausing at a distance from them, he pulled out his wand, and took careful aim.\par
\ldblquote\i Diffindo\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Cedric\rquote s bag split. Parchment, quills, and books spilled out of it onto the floor. Several bottles of ink smashed.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t bother,\rdblquote  said Cedric in an exasperated voice as his friends bent down to help him. \ldblquote Tell Flitwick I\rquote m coming, go on. \'85\rdblquote\par
This was exactly what Harry had been hoping for. He slipped his wand back into his robes, waited until Cedric\rquote s friends had disap\-peared into their classroom, and hurried up the corridor, which was now empty of everyone but himself and Cedric.\par
\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Cedric, picking up a copy of \i A Guide to Advanced Transfiguration\i0  that was now splattered with ink. \ldblquote My bag just split \'85 brand-new and all \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Cedric,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote the first task is dragons.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Cedric, looking up.\par
\ldblquote Dragons,\rdblquote  said Harry, speaking quickly, in case Professor Flit\-wick came out to see where Cedric had got to. \ldblquote They\rquote ve got four, one for each of us, and we\rquote ve got to get past them.\rdblquote\par
Cedric stared at him. Harry saw some of the panic he\rquote d been feeling since Saturday night flickering in Cedric\rquote s gray eyes.\par
\ldblquote Are you sure?\rdblquote  Cedric said in a hushed voice.\par
\ldblquote Dead sure,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote ve seen them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But how did you find out? We\rquote re not supposed to know. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Never mind,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly \emdash  he knew Hagrid would be in trouble if he told the truth. \ldblquote But I\rquote m not the only one who knows. Fleur and Krum will know by now \emdash  Maxime and Karkaroff both saw the dragons too.\rdblquote\par
Cedric straightened up, his arms full of inky quills, parchment, and books, his ripped bag dangling off one shoulder. He stared at Harry, and there was a puzzled, almost suspicious look in his eyes.\par
\ldblquote Why are you telling me?\rdblquote  he asked.\par
Harry looked at him in disbelief. He was sure Cedric wouldn\rquote t have asked that if he had seen the dragons himself. Harry wouldn\rquote t have let his worst enemy face those monsters unprepared \emdash  well, perhaps Malfoy or Snape \'85\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s just \'85 fair, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  he said to Cedric. \ldblquote We all know now \'85 we\rquote re on an even footing, aren\rquote t we?\rdblquote\par
Cedric was still looking at him in a slightly suspicious way when Harry heard a familiar clunking noise behind him. He turned around and saw Mad-Eye Moody emerging from a nearby class\-room.\par
\ldblquote Come with me, Potter,\rdblquote  he growled. \ldblquote Diggory, off you go.\rdblquote\par
Harry stared apprehensively at Moody. Had he overheard them?\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  Professor, I\rquote m supposed to be in Herbology \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Never mind that, Potter. In my office, please. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry followed him, wondering what was going to happen to him now. What if Moody wanted to know how he\rquote d found out about the dragons? Would Moody go to Dumbledore and tell on Hagrid, or just turn Harry into a ferret? Well, it might be easier to get past a dragon if he were a ferret, Harry thought dully, he\rquote d be smaller, much less easy to see from a height of fifty feet \'85\par
He followed Moody into his office. Moody closed the door be\-hind them and turned to look at Harry, his magical eye fixed upon him as well as the normal one.\par
\ldblquote That was a very decent thing you just did, Potter,\rdblquote  Moody said quietly.\par
Harry didn\rquote t know what to say; this wasn\rquote t the reaction he had expected at all.\par
\ldblquote Sit down,\rdblquote  said Moody, and Harry sat, looking around.\par
He had visited this office under two of its previous occupants. In Professor Lockhart\rquote s day, the walls had been plastered with beam\-ing, winking pictures of Professor Lockhart himself. When Lupin had lived here, you were more likely to come across a specimen of some fascinating new Dark creature he had procured for them to study in class. Now, however, the office was full of a number of ex\-ceptionally odd objects that Harry supposed Moody had used in the days when he had been an Auror.\par
On his desk stood what looked like a large, cracked, glass spin\-ning top; Harry recognized it at once as a Sneakoscope, because he owned one himself, though it was much smaller than Moody\rquote s. In the corner on a small table stood an object that looked something like an extra-squiggly, golden television aerial. It was humming slightly. What appeared to be a mirror hung opposite Harry on the wall, but it was not reflecting the room. Shadowy figures were mov\-ing around inside it, none of them clearly in focus.\par
\ldblquote Like my Dark Detectors, do you?\rdblquote  said Moody, who was watching Harry closely.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  Harry asked, pointing at the squiggly golden aerial.\par
\ldblquote Secrecy Sensor. Vibrates when it detects concealment and lies \'85 no use here, of course, too much interference \emdash  students in every direction lying about why they haven\rquote t done their home\-work. Been humming ever since I got here. I had to disable my Sneakoscope because it wouldn\rquote t stop whistling. It\rquote s extra-sensitive, picks up stuff about a mile around. Of course, it could be picking up more than kid stuff,\rdblquote  he added in a growl.\par
\ldblquote And what\rquote s the mirror for?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh that\rquote s my Foe-Glass. See them out there, skulking around? I\rquote m not really in trouble until I see the whites of their eyes. That\rquote s when I open my trunk.\rdblquote\par
He let out a short, harsh laugh, and pointed to the large trunk under the window. It had seven keyholes in a row. Harry wondered what was in there, until Moody\rquote s next question brought him sharply back to earth.\par
\ldblquote So \'85 found out about the dragons, have you?\rdblquote\par
Harry hesitated. He\rquote d been afraid of this \emdash  but he hadn\rquote t told Cedric, and he certainly wasn\rquote t going to tell Moody, that Hagrid had broken the rules.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s all right,\rdblquote  said Moody, sitting down and stretching out his wooden leg with a groan. \ldblquote Cheating\rquote s a traditional part of the Tri-wizard Tournament and always has been.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t cheat,\rdblquote  said Harry sharply. \ldblquote It was \emdash  a sort of accident that I found out.\rdblquote\par
Moody grinned. \ldblquote I wasn\rquote t accusing you, laddie. I\rquote ve been telling Dumbledore from the start, he can be as high-minded as he likes, but you can bet old Karkaroff and Maxime won\rquote t be. They\rquote ll have told their champions everything they can. They want to win. They want to beat Dumbledore. They\rquote d like to prove he\rquote s only human.\rdblquote\par
Moody gave another harsh laugh, and his magical eye swiveled around so fast it made Harry feel queasy to watch it.\par
\ldblquote So \'85 got any ideas how you\rquote re going to get past your dragon yet?\rdblquote  said Moody.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m not going to tell you,\rdblquote  said Moody gruffly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t show favoritism, me. I\rquote m just going to give you some good, general advice. And the first bit is \emdash  \i play to your strengths.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I haven\rquote t got any,\rdblquote  said Harry, before he could stop himself.\par
\ldblquote Excuse me,\rdblquote  growled Moody, \ldblquote you\rquote ve got strengths if I say you\rquote ve got them. Think now. What are you best at?\rdblquote\par
Harry tried to concentrate. What \i was\i0  he best at? Well, that was easy, really \emdash\par
\ldblquote Quidditch,\rdblquote  he said dully, \ldblquote and a fat lot of help \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Moody, staring at him very hard, his magical eye barely moving at all. \ldblquote You\rquote re a damn good flier from what I\rquote ve heard.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, but \'85\rdblquote  Harry stared at him. \ldblquote I\rquote m not allowed a broom, I\rquote ve only got my wand \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My second piece of general advice,\rdblquote  said Moody loudly, inter\-rupting him, \ldblquote is to use a nice, simple spell that will enable you to \i get what you need.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry looked at him blankly. What did he need?\par
\ldblquote Come on, boy \'85\rdblquote  whispered Moody. \ldblquote Put them together \'85 it\rquote s not that difficult. \'85\rdblquote\par
And it clicked. He was best at flying. He needed to pass the dragon in the air. For that, he needed his Firebolt. And for his Fire\-bolt, he needed \emdash\par
\par
\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  Harry whispered, when he had sped into greenhouse three minutes later, uttering a hurried apology to Professor Sprout as he passed her. \ldblquote Hermione \emdash  I need you to help me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you think I\rquote ve been trying to do, Harry?\rdblquote  she whis\-pered back, her eyes round with anxiety over the top of the quiver\-ing Flutterby Bush she was pruning.\par
\ldblquote Hermione, I need to learn how to do a Summoning Charm properly by tomorrow afternoon.\rdblquote\par
\par
And so they practiced. They didn\rquote t have lunch, but headed for a free classroom, where Harry tried with all his might to make vari\-ous objects fly across the room toward him. He was still having problems. The books and quills kept losing heart halfway across the room and dropping like stones to the floor.\par
\ldblquote Concentrate, Harry, \i concentrate. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you think I\rquote m trying to do?\rdblquote  said Harry angrily. \ldblquote A great big dragon keeps popping up in my head for some reason. \'85 Okay, try again. \'85\rdblquote\par
He wanted to skip Divination to keep practicing, but Hermione refused point-blank to skive off Arithmancy, and there was no point in staying without her. He therefore had to endure over an hour of Professor Trelawney, who spent half the lesson telling everyone that the position of Mars with relation to Saturn at that moment meant that people born in July were in great danger of sudden, violent deaths.\par
\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s good,\rdblquote  said Harry loudly, his temper getting the better of him, \ldblquote just as long as it\rquote s not drawn-out. I don\rquote t want to suffer.\rdblquote\par
Ron looked for a moment as though he was going to laugh; he certainly caught Harry\rquote s eye for the first time in days, but Harry was still feeling too resentful toward Ron to care. He spent the rest of the lesson trying to attract small objects toward him under the table with his wand. He managed to make a fly zoom straight into his hand, though he wasn\rquote t entirely sure that was his prowess at Summoning Charms \emdash  perhaps the fly was just stupid.\par
He forced down some dinner after Divination, then returned to the empty classroom with Hermione, using the Invisibility Cloak to avoid the teachers. They kept practicing until past midnight. They would have stayed longer, but Peeves turned up and, pre\-tending to think that Harry wanted things thrown at him, started chucking chairs across the room. Harry and Hermione left in a hurry before the noise attracted Filch, and went back to the Gryffindor common room, which was now mercifully empty.\par
At two o\rquote clock in the morning, Harry stood near the fireplace, surrounded by heaps of objects: books, quills, several upturned chairs, an old set of Gobstones, and Neville\rquote s toad, Trevor. Only in the last hour had Harry really got the hang of the Summoning Charm.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s better, Harry, that\rquote s loads better,\rdblquote  Hermione said, look\-ing exhausted but very pleased.\par
\ldblquote Well, now we know what to do next time I can\rquote t manage a spell,\rdblquote  Harry said, throwing a rune dictionary back to Hermione, so he could try again, \ldblquote threaten me with a dragon. Right \'85\rdblquote  He raised his wand once more. \ldblquote\i Accio Dictionary\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The heavy book soared out of Hermione\rquote s hand, flew across the room, and Harry caught it.\par
\ldblquote Harry, I really think you\rquote ve got it!\rdblquote  said Hermione delightedly.\par
\ldblquote Just as long as it works tomorrow,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote The Firebolt\rquote s going to be much farther away than the stuff in here, it\rquote s going to be in the castle, and I\rquote m going to be out there on the grounds. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That doesn\rquote t matter,\rdblquote  said Hermione firmly \ldblquote Just as long as you\rquote re concentrating really, really hard on it, it\rquote ll come. Harry, we\rquote d better get some sleep \'85 you\rquote re going to need it.\rdblquote\par
\par
Harry had been focusing so hard on learning the Summoning Charm that evening that some of his blind panic had left him. It re\-turned in full measure, however, on the following morning. The at\-mosphere in the school was one of great tension and excitement. Lessons were to stop at midday, giving all the students time to get down to the dragons\rquote  enclosure \emdash  though of course, they didn\rquote t yet know what they would find there.\par
Harry felt oddly separate from everyone around him, whether they were wishing him good luck or hissing \ldblquote\i We\rquote ll have a box of tis\-sues ready, Potter\i0\rdblquote  as he passed. It was a state of nervousness so ad\-vanced that he wondered whether he mightn\rquote t just lose his head when they tried to lead him out to his dragon, and start trying to curse everyone in sight. Time was behaving in a more peculiar fash\-ion than ever, rushing past in great dollops, so that one moment he seemed to be sitting down in his first lesson, History of Magic, and the next, walking into lunch \'85 and then (where had the morning gone? the last of the dragon-free hours?), Professor McGonagall was hurrying over to him in the Great Hall. Lots of people were watching.\par
\ldblquote Potter, the champions have to come down onto the grounds now. \'85 You have to get ready for your first task.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, standing up, his fork falling onto his plate with a clatter.\par
\ldblquote Good luck, Harry,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote You\rquote ll be fine!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry in a voice that was most unlike his own.\par
He left the Great Hall with Professor McGonagall. She didn\rquote t seem herself either; in fact, she looked nearly as anxious as Her\-mione. As she walked him down the stone steps and out into the cold November afternoon, she put her hand on his shoulder.\par
\ldblquote Now, don\rquote t panic,\rdblquote  she said, \ldblquote just keep a cool head. \'85 We\rquote ve got wizards standing by to control the situation if it gets out of hand. \'85 The main thing is just to do your best, and nobody will think any the worse of you. \'85 Are you all right?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  Harry heard himself say. \ldblquote Yes, I\rquote m fine.\rdblquote\par
She was leading him toward the place where the dragons were, around the edge of the forest, but when they approached the clump of trees behind which the enclosure would be clearly visible, Harry saw that a tent had been erected, its entrance facing them, screen\-ing the dragons from view.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re to go in here with the other champions,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, in a rather shaky sort of voice, \ldblquote and wait for your turn, Potter. Mr. Bagman is in there \'85 he\rquote ll be telling you the \emdash  the procedure. \'85 Good luck.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, in a flat, distant voice. She left him at the entrance of the tent. Harry went inside.\par
Fleur Delacour was sitting in a corner on a low wooden stool. She didn\rquote t look nearly as composed as usual, but rather pale and clammy. Viktor Krum looked even surlier than usual, which Harry supposed was his way of showing nerves. Cedric was pacing up and down. When Harry entered, Cedric gave him a small smile, which Harry returned, feeling the muscles in his face working rather hard, as though they had forgotten how to do it.\par
\ldblquote Harry! Good-o!\rdblquote  said Bagman happily, looking around at him. \ldblquote Come in, come in, make yourself at home!\rdblquote\par
Bagman looked somehow like a slightly overblown cartoon fig\-ure, standing amid all the pale-faced champions. He was wearing his old Wasp robes again.\par
\ldblquote Well, now we\rquote re all here \emdash  time to fill you in!\rdblquote  said Bagman brightly. \ldblquote When the audience has assembled, I\rquote m going to be offering each of you this bag\rdblquote  \emdash  he held up a small sack of purple silk and shook it at them \emdash  \ldblquote from which you will each select a small model of the thing you are about to face! There are different \emdash  er \emdash  varieties, you see. And I have to tell you something else too \'85 ah, yes \'85 your task is to \i collect the golden egg\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Harry glanced around. Cedric had nodded once, to show that he understood Bagman\rquote s words, and then started pacing around the tent again; he looked slightly green. Fleur Delacour and Krum hadn\rquote t reacted at all. Perhaps they thought they might be sick if they opened their mouths; that was certainly how Harry felt. But they, at least, had volunteered for this. \'85\par
And in no time at all, hundreds upon hundreds of pairs of feet could be heard passing the tent, their owners talking excitedly, laughing, joking. \'85 Harry felt as separate from the crowd as though they were a different species. And then \emdash  it seemed like about a second later to Harry \emdash  Bagman was opening the neck of the purple silk sack.\par
\ldblquote Ladies first,\rdblquote  he said, offering it to Fleur Delacour.\par
She put a shaking hand inside the bag and drew out a tiny, per\-fect model of a dragon \emdash  a Welsh Green. It had the number two around its neck. And Harry knew, by the fact that Fleur showed no sign of surprise, but rather a determined resignation, that he had been right: Madame Maxime had told her what was coming.\par
The same held true for Krum. He pulled out the scarlet Chinese Fireball. It had a number three around its neck. He didn\rquote t even blink, just sat back down and stared at the ground.\par
Cedric put his hand into the bag, and out came the blueish-gray Swedish Short-Snout, the number one tied around its neck. Know\-ing what was left, Harry put his hand into the silk bag and pulled out the Hungarian Horntail, and the number four. It stretched its wings as he looked down at it, and bared its minuscule fangs.\par
\ldblquote Well, there you are!\rdblquote  said Bagman. \ldblquote You have each pulled out the dragon you will face, and the numbers refer to the order in which you are to take on the dragons, do you see? Now, I\rquote m going to have to leave you in a moment, because I\rquote m commentating. Mr. Diggory, you\rquote re first, just go out into the enclosure when you hear a whistle, all right? Now \'85 Harry \'85 could I have a quick word? Outside?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \'85 yes,\rdblquote  said Harry blankly, and he got up and went out of the tent with Bagman, who walked him a short distance away, into the trees, and then turned to him with a fatherly expression on his face.\par
\ldblquote Feeling all right, Harry? Anything I can get you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I \emdash  no, nothing.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Got a plan?\rdblquote  said Bagman, lowering his voice conspiratorially. \ldblquote Because I don\rquote t mind sharing a few pointers, if you\rquote d like them, you know. I mean,\rdblquote  Bagman continued, lowering his voice still fur\-ther, \ldblquote you\rquote re the underdog here, Harry. \'85 Anything I can do to help \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry so quickly he knew he had sounded rude, \ldblquote no \emdash  I \emdash  I know what I\rquote m going to do, thanks.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nobody would \i know,\i0  Harry,\rdblquote  said Bagman, winking at him.\par
\ldblquote No, I\rquote m fine,\rdblquote  said Harry, wondering why he kept telling peo\-ple this, and wondering whether he had ever been less fine. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got a plan worked out, I \emdash\rdblquote\par
A whistle had blown somewhere.\par
\ldblquote Good lord, I\rquote ve got to run!\rdblquote  said Bagman in alarm, and he hur\-ried off.\par
Harry walked back to the tent and saw Cedric emerging from it, greener than ever. Harry tried to wish him luck as he walked past, but all that came out of his mouth was a sort of hoarse grunt.\par
Harry went back inside to Fleur and Krum. Seconds later, they heard the roar of the crowd, which meant Cedric had entered the enclosure and was now face-to-face with the living counterpart of his model. \'85\par
It was worse than Harry could ever have imagined, sitting there and listening. The crowd screamed \'85 yelled \'85 gasped like a sin\-gle many-headed entity, as Cedric did whatever he was doing to get past the Swedish Short-Snout. Krum was still staring at the ground. Fleur had now taken to retracing Cedric\rquote s steps, around and around the tent. And Bagman\rquote s commentary made everything much, much worse. \'85 Horrible pictures formed in Harry\rquote s mind as he heard: \ldblquote Oooh, narrow miss there, very narrow\rdblquote  \'85 \ldblquote He\rquote s tak\-ing risks, this one!\rdblquote  \'85 \ldblquote\i Clever\i0  move \emdash  pity it didn\rquote t work!\rdblquote\par
And then, after about fifteen minutes, Harry heard the deafen\-ing roar that could mean only one thing: Cedric had gotten past his dragon and captured the golden egg.\par
\ldblquote Very good indeed!\rdblquote  Bagman was shouting. \ldblquote And now the marks from the judges!\rdblquote\par
But he didn\rquote t shout out the marks; Harry supposed the judges were holding them up and showing them to the crowd.\par
\ldblquote One down, three to go!\rdblquote  Bagman yelled as the whistle blew again. \ldblquote Miss Delacour, if you please!\rdblquote\par
Fleur was trembling from head to foot; Harry felt more warmly toward her than he had done so far as she left the tent with her head held high and her hand clutching her wand. He and Krum were left alone, at opposite sides of the tent, avoiding each other\rquote s gaze.\par
The same process started again. \'85 \ldblquote Oh I\rquote m not sure that was wise!\rdblquote  they could hear Bagman shouting gleefully. \ldblquote Oh \'85 nearly! Careful now \'85 good lord, I thought she\rquote d had it then!\rdblquote\par
Ten minutes later, Harry heard the crowd erupt into applause once more. \'85 Fleur must have been successful too. A pause, while Fleur\rquote s marks were being shown \'85 more clapping \'85 then, for the third time, the whistle.\par
\ldblquote And here comes Mr. Krum!\rdblquote  cried Bagman, and Krum slouched out, leaving Harry quite alone.\par
He felt much more aware of his body than usual; very aware of the way his heart was pumping fast, and his fingers tingling with fear \'85 yet at the same time, he seemed to be outside himself, see\-ing the walls of the tent, and hearing the crowd, as though from far away. \'85\par
\ldblquote Very daring!\rdblquote  Bagman was yelling, and Harry heard the Chi\-nese Fireball emit a horrible, roaring shriek, while the crowd drew its collective breath. \ldblquote That\rquote s some nerve he\rquote s showing \emdash  and \emdash  yes, he\rquote s got the egg!\rdblquote\par
Applause shattered the wintery air like breaking glass; Krum had finished \emdash  it would be Harry\rquote s turn any moment.\par
He stood up, noticing dimly that his legs seemed to be made of marshmallow. He waited. And then he heard the whistle blow. He walked out through the entrance of the tent, the panic rising into a crescendo inside him. And now he was walking past the trees, through a gap in the enclosure fence.\par
He saw everything in front of him as though it was a very highly colored dream. There were hundreds and hundreds of faces staring down at him from stands that had been magicked there since he\rquote d last stood on this spot. And there was the Horntail, at the other end of the enclosure, crouched low over her clutch of eggs, her wings half-furled, her evil, yellow eyes upon him, a monstrous, scaly, black lizard, thrashing her spiked tail, leaving yard-long gouge marks in the hard ground. The crowd was making a great deal of noise, but whether friendly or not, Harry didn\rquote t know or care. It was time to do what he had to do \'85 to focus his mind, entirely and absolutely, upon the thing that was his only chance. \'85\par
He raised his wand.\par
\ldblquote\i Accio Firebolt\i0 !\rdblquote  he shouted.\par
Harry waited, every fiber of him hoping, praying. \'85 If it hadn\rquote t worked \'85 if it wasn\rquote t coming \'85 He seemed to be looking at everything around him through some sort of shimmering, trans\-parent barrier, like a heat haze, which made the enclosure and the hundreds of faces around him swim strangely. \'85\par
And then he heard it, speeding through the air behind him; he turned and saw his Firebolt hurtling toward him around the edge of the woods, soaring into the enclosure, and stopping dead in midair beside him, waiting for him to mount. The crowd was mak\-ing even more noise. \'85 Bagman was shouting something \'85 but Harry\rquote s ears were not working properly anymore \'85 listening wasn\rquote t important. \'85\par
He swung his leg over the broom and kicked off from the ground. And a second later, something miraculous happened. \'85\par
As he soared upward, as the wind rushed through his hair, as the crowd\rquote s faces became mere flesh-colored pinpricks below, and the Horntail shrank to the size of a dog, he realized that he had left not only the ground behind, but also his fear. \'85 He was back where he belonged. \'85\par
This was just another Quidditch match, that was all \'85 just an\-other Quidditch match, and that Horntail was just another ugly opposing team. \'85\par
He looked down at the clutch of eggs and spotted the gold one, gleaming against its cement-colored fellows, residing safely be\-tween the dragon\rquote s front legs. \ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  Harry told himself, \ldblquote diver\-sionary tactics \'85 let\rquote s go. \'85\rdblquote\par
He dived. The Horntail\rquote s head followed him; he knew what it was going to do and pulled out of the dive just in time; a jet of fire had been released exactly where he would have been had he not swerved away \'85 but Harry didn\rquote t care \'85 that was no more than dodging a Bludger. \'85\par
\ldblquote Great Scott, he can fly!\rdblquote  yelled Bagman as the crowd shrieked and gasped. \ldblquote Are you watching this, Mr. Krum?\rdblquote\par
Harry soared higher in a circle; the Horntail was still following his progress; its head revolving on its long neck \emdash  if he kept this up, it would be nicely dizzy \emdash  but better not push it too long, or it would be breathing fire again \emdash\par
Harry plummeted just as the Horntail opened its mouth, but this time he was less lucky \emdash  he missed the flames, but the tail came whipping up to meet him instead, and as he swerved to the left, one of the long spikes grazed his shoulder, ripping his robes \emdash\par
He could feel it stinging, he could hear screaming and groans from the crowd, but the cut didn\rquote t seem to be deep. \'85 Now he zoomed around the back of the Horntail, and a possibility occurred to him. \'85\par
The Horntail didn\rquote t seem to want to take off, she was too pro\-tective of her eggs. Though she writhed and twisted, furling and unfurling her wings and keeping those fearsome yellow eyes on Harry, she was afraid to move too far from them \'85 but he had to persuade her to do it, or he\rquote d never get near them. \'85 The trick was to do it carefully, gradually. \'85\par
He began to fly, first this way, then the other, not near enough to make her breathe fire to stave him off, but still posing a sufficient threat to ensure she kept her eyes on him. Her head swayed this way and that, watching him out of those vertical pupils, her fangs bared. \'85\par
He flew higher. The Horntail\rquote s head rose with him, her neck now stretched to its fullest extent, still swaying, like a snake before its charmer. \'85\par
Harry rose a few more feet, and she let out a roar of exaspera\-tion. He was like a fly to her, a fly she was longing to swat; her tail thrashed again, but he was too high to reach now. \'85 She shot fire into the air, which he dodged. \'85 Her jaws opened wide. \'85\par
\ldblquote Come on,\rdblquote  Harry hissed, swerving tantalizingly above her, \ldblquote come on, come and get me \'85 up you get now \'85\rdblquote\par
And then she reared, spreading her great, black, leathery wings at last, as wide as those of a small airplane \emdash  and Harry dived. Before the dragon knew what he had done, or where he had dis\-appeared to, he was speeding toward the ground as fast as he could go, toward the eggs now unprotected by her clawed front legs \emdash  he had taken his hands off his Firebolt \emdash  he had seized the golden egg \emdash\par
And with a huge spurt of speed, he was off, he was soaring out over the stands, the heavy egg safely under his uninjured arm, and it was as though somebody had just turned the volume back up \emdash  for the first time, he became properly aware of the noise of the crowd, which was screaming and applauding as loudly as the Irish supporters at the World Cup \emdash\par
\ldblquote Look at that!\rdblquote  Bagman was yelling. \ldblquote Will you look at that! Our youngest champion is quickest to get his egg! Well, this is going to shorten the odds on Mr. Potter!\rdblquote\par
Harry saw the dragon keepers rushing forward to subdue the Horntail, and, over at the entrance to the enclosure, Professor McGonagall, Professor Moody, and Hagrid hurrying to meet him, all of them waving him toward them, their smiles evident even from this distance. He flew back over the stands, the noise of the crowd pounding his eardrums, and came in smoothly to land, his heart lighter than it had been in weeks. \'85 He had got through the first task, he had survived. \'85\par
\ldblquote That was excellent, Potter!\rdblquote  cried Professor McGonagall as he got off the Firebolt \emdash  which from her was extravagant praise. He noticed that her hand shook as she pointed at his shoulder. \ldblquote You\rquote ll need to see Madam Pomfrey before the judges give out your score. \'85 Over there, she\rquote s had to mop up Diggory already. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeh did it, Harry!\rdblquote  said Hagrid hoarsely. \ldblquote Yeh did it! An\rquote  agains\rquote  the Horntail an\rquote  all, an\rquote  yeh know Charlie said that was the wors\rquote  \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thanks, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Harry loudly, so that Hagrid wouldn\rquote t blunder on and reveal that he had shown Harry the dragons beforehand.\par
Professor Moody looked very pleased too; his magical eye was dancing in its socket.\par
\ldblquote Nice and easy does the trick, Potter,\rdblquote  he growled.\par
\ldblquote Right then, Potter, the first aid tent, please \'85\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall.\par
Harry walked out of the enclosure, still panting, and saw Madam Pomfrey standing at the mouth of a second tent, looking worried.\par
\ldblquote Dragons!\rdblquote  she said, in a disgusted tone, pulling Harry inside. The tent was divided into cubicles; he could make out Cedric\rquote s shadow through the canvas, but Cedric didn\rquote t seem to be badly in\-jured; he was sitting up, at least. Madam Pomfrey examined Harry\rquote s shoulder, talking furiously all the while. \ldblquote Last year demen\-tors, this year dragons, what are they going to bring into this school next? You\rquote re very lucky \'85 this is quite shallow \'85 it\rquote ll need clean\-ing before I heal it up, though. \'85\rdblquote\par
She cleaned the cut with a dab of some purple liquid that smoked and stung, but then poked his shoulder with her wand, and he felt it heal instantly.\par
\ldblquote Now, just sit quietly for a minute \emdash  \i sit\i0 ! And then you can go and get your score.\rdblquote\par
She bustled out of the tent and he heard her go next door and say, \ldblquote How does it feel now, Diggory?\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t want to sit still: He was too full of adrenaline. He got to his feet, wanting to see what was going on outside, but be\-fore he\rquote d reached the mouth of the tent, two people had come dart\-ing inside \emdash  Hermione, followed closely by Ron.\par
\ldblquote Harry, you were brilliant!\rdblquote  Hermione said squeakily. There were fingernail marks on her face where she had been clutching it in fear. \ldblquote You were amazing! You really were!\rdblquote\par
But Harry was looking at Ron, who was very white and staring at Harry as though he were a ghost.\par
\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  he said, very seriously, \ldblquote whoever put your name in that goblet \emdash  I \emdash  I reckon they\rquote re trying to do you in!\rdblquote\par
It was as though the last few weeks had never happened \emdash  as though Harry were meeting Ron for the first time, right after he\rquote d been made champion.\par
\ldblquote Caught on, have you?\rdblquote  said Harry coldly. \ldblquote Took you long enough.\rdblquote\par
Hermione stood nervously between them, looking from one to the other. Ron opened his mouth uncertainly. Harry knew Ron was about to apologize and suddenly he found he didn\rquote t need to hear it.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s okay,\rdblquote  he said, before Ron could get the words out. \ldblquote Forget it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote I shouldn\rquote t\rquote ve \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Forget it,\i0\rdblquote  Harry said.\par
Ron grinned nervously at him, and Harry grinned back.\par
Hermione burst into tears.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s nothing to cry about!\rdblquote  Harry told her, bewildered.\par
\ldblquote You two are so \i stupid\i0 !\rdblquote  she shouted, stamping her foot on the ground, tears splashing down her front. Then, before either of them could stop her, she had given both of them a hug and dashed away, now positively howling.\par
\ldblquote Barking mad,\rdblquote  said Ron, shaking his head. \ldblquote Harry, c\rquote mon, they\rquote ll be putting up your scores. \'85\rdblquote\par
Picking up the golden egg and his Firebolt, feeling more elated than he would have believed possible an hour ago, Harry ducked out of the tent, Ron by his side, talking fast.\par
\ldblquote You were the best, you know, no competition. Cedric did this weird thing where he Transfigured a rock on the ground \'85 turned it into a dog \'85 he was trying to make the dragon go for the dog instead of him. Well, it was a pretty cool bit of Transfiguration, and it sort of worked, because he did get the egg, but he got burned as well \emdash  the dragon changed its mind halfway through and decided it would rather have him than the Labrador; he only just got away. And that Fleur girl tried this sort of charm, I think she was trying to put it into a trance \emdash  well, that kind of worked too, it went all sleepy, but then it snored, and this great jet of flame shot out, and her skirt caught fire \emdash  she put it out with a bit of water out of her wand. And Krum \emdash  you won\rquote t believe this, but he didn\rquote t even think of flying! He was probably the best after you, though. Hit it with some sort of spell right in the eye. Only thing is, it went tram\-pling around in agony and squashed half the real eggs \emdash  they took marks off for that, he wasn\rquote t supposed to do any damage to them.\rdblquote\par
Ron drew breath as he and Harry reached the edge of the enclo\-sure. Now that the Horntail had been taken away, Harry could see where the five judges were sitting \emdash  right at the other end, in raised seats draped in gold.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s marks out of ten from each one,\rdblquote  Ron said, and Harry, squinting up the field, saw the first judge \emdash  Madame Maxime \emdash  raise her wand in the air. What looked like a long silver ribbon shot out of it, which twisted itself into a large figure eight.\par
\ldblquote Not bad!\rdblquote  said Ron as the crowd applauded. \ldblquote I suppose she took marks off for your shoulder. \'85\rdblquote\par
Mr. Crouch came next. He shot a number nine into the air.\par
\ldblquote Looking good!\rdblquote  Ron yelled, thumping Harry on the back.\par
Next, Dumbledore. He too put up a nine. The crowd was cheer\-ing harder than ever.\par
Ludo Bagman \emdash  \i ten.\i0\par
\ldblquote Ten?\rdblquote  said Harry in disbelief. \ldblquote But \'85 I got hurt. \'85 What\rquote s he playing at?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry, don\rquote t complain!\rdblquote  Ron yelled excitedly.\par
And now Karkaroff raised his wand. He paused for a moment, and then a number shot out of his wand too \emdash  four.\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  Ron bellowed furiously. \ldblquote\i Four\i0 ? You lousy, biased scum\-bag, you gave Krum ten!\rdblquote\par
But Harry didn\rquote t care, he wouldn\rquote t have cared if Karkaroff had given him zero; Ron\rquote s indignation on his behalf was worth about a hundred points to him. He didn\rquote t tell Ron this, of course, but his heart felt lighter than air as he turned to leave the enclosure. And it wasn\rquote t just Ron \'85 those weren\rquote t only Gryffindors cheering in the crowd. When it had come to it, when they had seen what he was facing, most of the school had been on his side as well as Cedric\rquote s. \'85 He didn\rquote t care about the Slytherins, he could stand whatever they threw at him now.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re tied in first place, Harry! You and Krum!\rdblquote  said Charlie Weasley, hurrying to meet them as they set off back toward the school. \ldblquote Listen, I\rquote ve got to run, I\rquote ve got to go and send Mum an owl, I swore I\rquote d tell her what happened \emdash  but that was unbeliev\-able! Oh yeah \emdash  and they told me to tell you you\rquote ve got to hang around for a few more minutes. \'85 Bagman wants a word, back in the champions\rquote  tent.\rdblquote\par
Ron said he would wait, so Harry reentered the tent, which somehow looked quite different now: friendly and welcoming. He thought back to how he\rquote d felt while dodging the Horntail, and compared it to the long wait before he\rquote d walked out to face it. \'85 There was no comparison; the wait had been immeasurably worse.\par
Fleur, Cedric, and Krum all came in together. One side of Cedric\rquote s face was covered in a thick orange paste, which was pre\-sumably mending his burn. He grinned at Harry when he saw him.\par
\ldblquote Good one, Harry.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And you,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning back.\par
\ldblquote Well done, \i all\i0  of you!\rdblquote  said Ludo Bagman, bouncing into the tent and looking as pleased as though he personally had just got past a dragon. \ldblquote Now, just a quick few words. You\rquote ve got a nice long break before the second task, which will take place at half past nine on the morning of February the twenty-fourth \emdash  but we\rquote re giving you something to think about in the meantime! If you look down at those golden eggs you\rquote re all holding, you will see that they open \'85 see the hinges there? You need to solve the clue inside the egg \emdash  because it will tell you what the second task is, and enable you to prepare for it! All clear? Sure? Well, off you go, then!\rdblquote\par
Harry left the tent, rejoined Ron, and they started to walk back around the edge of the forest, talking hard; Harry wanted to hear what the other champions had done in more detail. Then, as they rounded the clump of trees behind which Harry had first heard the dragons roar, a witch leapt out from behind them.\par
It was Rita Skeeter. She was wearing acid-green robes today; the Quick-Quotes Quill in her hand blended perfectly against them.\par
\ldblquote Congratulations, Harry!\rdblquote  she said, beaming at him. \ldblquote I wonder if you could give me a quick word? How you felt facing that dragon? How you feel \i now,\i0  about the fairness of the scoring?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, you can have a word,\rdblquote  said Harry savagely. \ldblquote\i Good-bye.\i0\rdblquote\par
And he set off back to the castle with Ron.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 21\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The House-Elf Liberation Front\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione went up to the Owlery that evening to find Pigwidgeon, so that Harry could send Sirius a letter telling him that he had managed to get past his dragon unscathed. On the way, Harry filled Ron in on everything Sirius had told him about Karkaroff. Though shocked at first to hear that Karkaroff had been a Death Eater, by the time they en\-tered the Owlery Ron was saying that they ought to have suspected it all along.\par
\ldblquote Fits, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Remember what Malfoy said on the train, about his dad being friends with Karkaroff? Now we know where they knew each other. They were probably running around in masks together at the World Cup. \'85 I\rquote ll tell you one thing, though, Harry, if it \i was\i0  Karkaroff who put your name in the gob\-let, he\rquote s going to be feeling really stupid now, isn\rquote t he? Didn\rquote t work, did it? You only got a scratch! Come here \emdash  I\rquote ll do it \emdash\rdblquote\par
Pigwidgeon was so overexcited at the idea of a delivery he was flying around and around Harry\rquote s head, hooting incessantly. Ron snatched Pigwidgeon out of the air and held him still while Harry attached the letter to his leg.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s no way any of the other tasks are going to be that dan\-gerous, how could they be?\rdblquote  Ron went on as he carried Pigwidgeon to the window. \ldblquote You know what? I reckon you could win this tour\-nament, Harry, I\rquote m serious.\rdblquote\par
Harry knew that Ron was only saying this to make up for his be\-havior of the last few weeks, but he appreciated it all the same. Hermione, however, leaned against the Owlery wall, folded her arms, and frowned at Ron.\par
\ldblquote Harry\rquote s got a long way to go before he finishes this tourna\-ment,\rdblquote  she said seriously. \ldblquote If that was the first task, I hate to think what\rquote s coming next.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Right little ray of sunshine, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You and Professor Trelawney should get together sometime.\rdblquote\par
He threw Pigwidgeon out of the window. Pigwidgeon plum\-meted twelve feet before managing to pull himself back up again; the letter attached to his leg was much longer and heavier than usual \emdash  Harry hadn\rquote t been able to resist giving Sirius a blow-by-blow account of exactly how he had swerved, circled, and dodged the Horntail. They watched Pigwidgeon disappear into the dark\-ness, and then Ron said, \ldblquote Well, we\rquote d better get downstairs for your surprise party, Harry \emdash  Fred and George should have nicked enough food from the kitchens by now.\rdblquote\par
Sure enough, when they entered the Gryffindor common room it exploded with cheers and yells again. There were mountains of cakes and flagons of pumpkin juice and butterbeer on every surface; Lee Jordan had let off some Filibuster\rquote s Fireworks, so that the air was thick with stars and sparks; and Dean Thomas, who was very good at drawing, had put up some impressive new banners, most of which depicted Harry zooming around the Horntail\rquote s head on his Firebolt, though a couple showed Cedric with his head on fire.\par
Harry helped himself to food; he had almost forgotten what it was like to feel properly hungry, and sat down with Ron and Hermione. He couldn\rquote t believe how happy he felt; he had Ron back on his side, he\rquote d gotten through the first task, and he wouldn\rquote t have to face the second one for three months.\par
\ldblquote Blimey, this is heavy,\rdblquote  said Lee Jordan, picking up the golden egg, which Harry had left on a table, and weighing it in his hands. \ldblquote Open it, Harry, go on! Let\rquote s just see what\rquote s inside it!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s supposed to work out the clue on his own,\rdblquote  Hermione said swiftly. \ldblquote It\rquote s in the tournament rules. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I was supposed to work out how to get past the dragon on my own too,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, so only Hermione could hear him, and she grinned rather guiltily.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, go on, Harry, open it!\rdblquote  several people echoed.\par
Lee passed Harry the egg, and Harry dug his fingernails into the groove that ran all the way around it and prised it open.\par
It was hollow and completely empty \emdash  but the moment Harry opened it, the most horrible noise, a loud and screechy wailing, filled the room. The nearest thing to it Harry had ever heard was the ghost orchestra at Nearly Headless Nick\rquote s deathday party, who had all been playing the musical saw.\par
\ldblquote Shut it!\rdblquote  Fred bellowed, his hands over his ears.\par
\ldblquote What was that?\rdblquote  said Seamus Finnigan, staring at the egg as Harry slammed it shut again. \ldblquote Sounded like a banshee. \'85 Maybe you\rquote ve got to get past one of those next, Harry!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It was someone being tortured!\rdblquote  said Neville, who had gone very white and spilled sausage rolls all over the floor. \ldblquote You\rquote re going to have to fight the Cruciatus Curse!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be a prat, Neville, that\rquote s illegal,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote They wouldn\rquote t use the Cruciatus Curse on the champions. I thought it sounded a bit like Percy singing \'85 maybe you\rquote ve got to attack him while he\rquote s in the shower, Harry.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Want a jam tart, Hermione?\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
Hermione looked doubtfully at the plate he was offering her. Fred grinned.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s all right,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t done anything to them. It\rquote s the custard creams you\rquote ve got to watch \emdash\rdblquote\par
Neville, who had just bitten into a custard cream, choked and spat it out. Fred laughed.\par
\ldblquote Just my little joke, Neville. \'85\rdblquote\par
Hermione took a jam tart. Then she said, \ldblquote Did you get all this from the kitchens, Fred?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Fred, grinning at her. He put on a high-pitched squeak and imitated a house-elf. \ldblquote  \lquote Anything we can get you, sir, anything at all!\rquote  They\rquote re dead helpful \'85 get me a roast ox if I said I was peckish.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How do you get in there?\rdblquote  Hermione said in an innocently casual sort of voice.\par
\ldblquote Easy,\rdblquote  said Fred, \ldblquote concealed door behind a painting of a bowl of fruit. Just tickle the pear, and it giggles and \emdash\rdblquote  He stopped and looked suspiciously at her. \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly.\par
\ldblquote Going to try and lead the house-elves out on strike now, are you?\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Going to give up all the leaflet stuff and try and stir them up into rebellion?\rdblquote\par
Several people chortled. Hermione didn\rquote t answer.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t you go upsetting them and telling them they\rquote ve got to take clothes and salaries!\rdblquote  said Fred warningly \ldblquote You\rquote ll put them off their cooking!\rdblquote\par
Just then, Neville caused a slight diversion by turning into a large canary.\par
\ldblquote Oh \emdash  sorry, Neville!\rdblquote  Fred shouted over all the laughter. \ldblquote I for\-got \emdash  it \i was\i0  the custard creams we hexed \emdash\rdblquote\par
Within a minute, however, Neville had molted, and once his feathers had fallen off, he reappeared looking entirely normal. He even joined in laughing.\par
\ldblquote Canary Creams!\rdblquote  Fred shouted to the excitable crowd. \ldblquote George and I invented them \emdash  seven Sickles each, a bargain!\rdblquote\par
It was nearly one in the morning when Harry finally went up to the dormitory with Ron, Neville, Seamus, and Dean. Before he pulled the curtains of his four-poster shut, Harry set his tiny model of the Hungarian Horntail on the table next to his bed, where it yawned, curled up, and closed its eyes. \i Really,\i0  Harry thought, as he pulled the hangings on his four-poster closed, \i Hagrid had a point\i0  \'85 \i they were all right, really, dragons. \'85\i0\par
\par
The start of December brought wind and sleet to Hogwarts. Drafty though the castle always was in winter, Harry was glad of its fires and thick walls every time he passed the Durmstrang ship on the lake, which was pitching in the high winds, its black sails billowing against the dark skies. He thought the Beauxbatons caravan was likely to be pretty chilly too. Hagrid, he noticed, was keeping Madame Maxime\rquote s horses well provided with their preferred drink of single-malt whiskey; the fumes wafting from the trough in the corner of their paddock was enough to make the entire Care of Magical Creatures class light-headed. This was unhelpful, as they were still tending the horrible skrewts and needed their wits about them.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not sure whether they hibernate or not,\rdblquote  Hagrid told the shivering class in the windy pumpkin patch next lesson. \ldblquote Thought we\rquote d jus\rquote  try an\rquote  see if they fancied a kip \'85 we\rquote ll jus\rquote  settle \rquote em down in these boxes. \'85\rdblquote\par
There were now only ten skrewts left; apparently their desire to kill one another had not been exercised out of them. Each of them was now approaching six feet in length. Their thick gray armor; their powerful, scuttling legs; their fire-blasting ends; their stings and their suckers, combined to make the skrewts the most repul\-sive things Harry had ever seen. The class looked dispiritedly at the enormous boxes Hagrid had brought out, all lined with pillows and fluffy blankets.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll jus\rquote  lead \rquote em in here,\rdblquote  Hagrid said, \ldblquote an\rquote  put the lids on, and we\rquote ll see what happens.\rdblquote\par
But the skrewts, it transpired, did \i not\i0  hibernate, and did not ap\-preciate being forced into pillow-lined boxes and nailed in. Hagrid was soon yelling, \ldblquote Don\rquote  panic, now, don\rquote  panic!\rdblquote  while the skrewts rampaged around the pumpkin patch, now strewn with the smol\-dering wreckage of the boxes. Most of the class \emdash  Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle in the lead \emdash  had fled into Hagrid\rquote s cabin through the back door and barricaded themselves in; Harry, Ron, and Hermi\-one, however, were among those who remained outside trying to help Hagrid. Together they managed to restrain and tie up nine of the skrewts, though at the cost of numerous burns and cuts; finally, only one skrewt was left.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote  frighten him, now!\rdblquote  Hagrid shouted as Ron and Harry used their wands to shoot jets of fiery sparks at the skrewt, which was advancing menacingly on them, its sting arched, quivering, over its back. \ldblquote Jus\rquote  try an\rquote  slip the rope \rquote round his sting, so he won\rquote  hurt any o\rquote  the others!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, we wouldn\rquote t want that!\rdblquote  Ron shouted angrily as he and Harry backed into the wall of Hagrid\rquote s cabin, still holding the skrewt off with their sparks.\par
\ldblquote Well, well, well \'85 this \i does\i0  look like fun.\rdblquote\par
Rita Skeeter was leaning on Hagrid\rquote s garden fence, looking in at the mayhem. She was wearing a thick magenta cloak with a furry purple collar today, and her crocodile-skin handbag was over her arm.\par
Hagrid launched himself forward on top of the skrewt that was cornering Harry and Ron and flattened it; a blast of fire shot out of its end, withering the pumpkin plants nearby.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote re you?\rdblquote  Hagrid asked Rita Skeeter as he slipped a loop of rope around the skrewt\rquote s sting and tightened it.\par
\ldblquote Rita Skeeter, \i Daily Prophet\i0  reporter,\rdblquote  Rita replied, beaming at him. Her gold teeth glinted.\par
\ldblquote Thought Dumbledore said you weren\rquote  allowed inside the school anymore,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, frowning slightly as he got off the slightly squashed skrewt and started tugging it over to its fellows.\par
Rita acted as though she hadn\rquote t heard what Hagrid had said.\par
\ldblquote What are these fascinating creatures called?\rdblquote  she asked, beam\-ing still more widely.\par
\ldblquote Blast-Ended Skrewts,\rdblquote  grunted Hagrid.\par
\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote  said Rita, apparently full of lively interest. \ldblquote I\rquote ve never heard of them before \'85 where do they come from?\rdblquote\par
Harry noticed a dull red flush rising up out of Hagrid\rquote s wild black beard, and his heart sank. Where \i had\i0  Hagrid got the skrewts from? Hermione, who seemed to be thinking along these lines, said quickly, \ldblquote They\rquote re very interesting, aren\rquote t they? Aren\rquote t they, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What? Oh yeah \'85 ouch \'85 interesting,\rdblquote  said Harry as she stepped on his foot.\par
\ldblquote Ah, \i you\rquote re\i0  here, Harry!\rdblquote  said Rita Skeeter as she looked around. \ldblquote So you like Care of Magical Creatures, do you? One of your fa\-vorite lessons?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry stoutly. Hagrid beamed at him.\par
\ldblquote Lovely,\rdblquote  said Rita. \ldblquote Really lovely. Been teaching long?\rdblquote  she added to Hagrid.\par
Harry noticed her eyes travel over Dean (who had a nasty cut across one cheek), Lavender (whose robes were badly singed), Sea\-mus (who was nursing several burnt fingers), and then to the cabin windows, where most of the class stood, their noses pressed against the glass waiting to see if the coast was clear.\par
\ldblquote This is o\rquote ny me second year,\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\par
\ldblquote Lovely\'85 I don\rquote t suppose you\rquote d like to give an interview, would you? Share some of your experience of magical creatures? The \i Prophet\i0  does a zoological column every Wednesday, as I\rquote m sure you know. We could feature these \emdash  er \emdash  Bang-Ended Scoots.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Blast-Ended Skrewts,\rdblquote  Hagrid said eagerly. \ldblquote Er \emdash  yeah, why not?\rdblquote\par
Harry had a very bad feeling about this, but there was no way of communicating it to Hagrid without Rita Skeeter seeing, so he had to stand and watch in silence as Hagrid and Rita Skeeter made arrangements to meet in the Three Broomsticks for a good long in\-terview later that week. Then the bell rang up at the castle, signal\-ing the end of the lesson.\par
\ldblquote Well, good-bye, Harry!\rdblquote  Rita Skeeter called merrily to him as he set off with Ron and Hermione. \ldblquote Until Friday night, then, Hagrid!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She\rquote ll twist everything he says,\rdblquote  Harry said under his breath.\par
\ldblquote Just as long as he didn\rquote t import those skrewts illegally or any\-thing,\rdblquote  said Hermione desperately. They looked at one another \emdash  it was exactly the sort of thing Hagrid might do.\par
\ldblquote Hagrid\rquote s been in loads of trouble before, and Dumbledore\rquote s never sacked him,\rdblquote  said Ron consolingly. \ldblquote Worst that can happen is Hagrid\rquote ll have to get rid of the skrewts. Sorry \'85 did I say worst? I meant best.\rdblquote\par
Harry and Hermione laughed, and, feeling slightly more cheer\-ful, went off to lunch.\par
Harry thoroughly enjoyed double Divination that afternoon; they were still doing star charts and predictions, but now that he and Ron were friends once more, the whole thing seemed very funny again. Professor Trelawney, who had been so pleased with the pair of them when they had been predicting their own horrific deaths, quickly became irritated as they sniggered through her explanation of the various ways in which Pluto could disrupt everyday life.\par
\ldblquote I would \i think,\i0\rdblquote  she said, in a mystical whisper that did not con\-ceal her obvious annoyance, \ldblquote that \i some\i0  of us\rdblquote  \emdash  she stared very meaningfully at Harry \emdash  \ldblquote might be a little less \i frivolous\i0  had they seen what I have seen during my crystal gazing last night. As I sat here, absorbed in my needlework, the urge to consult the orb over\-powered me. I arose, I settled myself before it, and I gazed into its crystalline depths \'85 and what do you think I saw gazing back at me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote An ugly old bat in outsize specs?\rdblquote  Ron muttered under his breath.\par
Harry fought hard to keep his face straight.\par
\ldblquote\i Death,\i0  my dears.\rdblquote\par
Parvati and Lavender both put their hands over their mouths, looking horrified.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, nodding impressively, \ldblquote it comes, ever closer, it circles overhead like a vulture, ever lower \'85 ever lower over the castle. \'85\rdblquote\par
She stared pointedly at Harry, who yawned very widely and obviously.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote d be a bit more impressive if she hadn\rquote t done it about eighty times before,\rdblquote  Harry said as they finally regained the fresh air of the staircase beneath Professor Trelawney\rquote s room. \ldblquote But if I\rquote d dropped dead every time she\rquote s told me I\rquote m going to, I\rquote d be a medical miracle.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d be a sort of extra-concentrated ghost,\rdblquote  said Ron, chortling, as they passed the Bloody Baron going in the opposite direction, his wide eyes staring sinisterly. \ldblquote At least we didn\rquote t get homework. I hope Hermione got loads off Professor Vector, I love not working when she is. \'85\rdblquote\par
But Hermione wasn\rquote t at dinner, nor was she in the library when they went to look for her afterward. The only person in there was Viktor Krum. Ron hovered behind the bookshelves for a while, watching Krum, debating in whispers with Harry whether he should ask for an autograph \emdash  but then Ron realized that six or seven girls were lurking in the next row of books, debating exactly the same thing, and he lost his enthusiasm for the idea.\par
\ldblquote Wonder where she\rquote s got to?\rdblquote  Ron said as he and Harry went back to Gryffindor Tower.\par
\ldblquote Dunno \'85 balderdash.\rdblquote\par
But the Fat Lady had barely begun to swing forward when the sound of racing feet behind them announced Hermione\rquote s arrival.\par
\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  she panted, skidding to a halt beside him (the Fat Lady stared down at her, eyebrows raised). \ldblquote Harry, you\rquote ve got to come \emdash  you\rquote ve \i got\i0  to come, the most amazing thing\rquote s happened \emdash  please \emdash\rdblquote\par
She seized Harry\rquote s arm and started to try to drag him back along the corridor.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote  Harry said.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll show you when we get there \emdash  oh come on, quick \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry looked around at Ron; he looked back at Harry, intrigued.\par
\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  Harry said, starting off back down the corridor with Hermione, Ron hurrying to keep up.\par
\ldblquote Oh don\rquote t mind me!\rdblquote  the Fat Lady called irritably after them. \ldblquote Don\rquote t apologize for bothering me! I\rquote ll just hang here, wide open, until you get back, shall I?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, thanks!\rdblquote  Ron shouted over his shoulder.\par
\ldblquote Hermione, where are we going?\rdblquote  Harry asked, after she had led them down through six floors, and started down the marble stair\-case into the entrance hall.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll see, you\rquote ll see in a minute!\rdblquote  said Hermione excitedly.\par
She turned left at the bottom of the staircase and hurried toward the door through which Cedric Diggory had gone the night after the Goblet of Fire had regurgitated his and Harry\rquote s names. Harry had never been through here before. He and Ron followed Hermione down a flight of stone steps, but instead of ending up in a gloomy underground passage like the one that led to Snape\rquote s dun\-geon, they found themselves in a broad stone corridor, brightly lit with torches, and decorated with cheerful paintings that were mainly of food.\par
\ldblquote Oh hang on \'85\rdblquote  said Harry slowly, halfway down the corridor. \ldblquote Wait a minute, Hermione. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  She turned around to look at him, anticipation all over her face.\par
\ldblquote I know what this is about,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
He nudged Ron and pointed to the painting just behind Hermione. It showed a gigantic silver fruit bowl.\par
\ldblquote Hermione!\rdblquote  said Ron, cottoning on. \ldblquote You\rquote re trying to rope us into that spew stuff again!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, no, I\rquote m not!\rdblquote  she said hastily. \ldblquote And it\rquote s not \i spew,\i0  Ron \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Changed the name, have you?\rdblquote  said Ron, frowning at her. \ldblquote What are we now, then, the House-Elf Liberation Front? I\rquote m not barging into that kitchen and trying to make them stop work, I\rquote m not doing it \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not asking you to!\rdblquote  Hermione said impatiently. \ldblquote I came down here just now, to talk to them all, and I found \emdash  oh come \i on,\i0  Harry, I want to show you!\rdblquote\par
She seized his arm again, pulled him in front of the picture of the giant fruit bowl, stretched out her forefinger, and tickled the huge green pear. It began to squirm, chuckling, and suddenly turned into a large green door handle. Hermione seized it, pulled the door open, and pushed Harry hard in the back, forcing him inside.\par
He had one brief glimpse of an enormous, high-ceilinged room, large as the Great Hall above it, with mounds of glittering brass pots and pans heaped around the stone walls, and a great brick fire\-place at the other end, when something small hurtled toward him from the middle of the room, squealing, \ldblquote Harry Potter, sir! \i Harry Potter\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Next second all the wind had been knocked out of him as the squealing elf hit him hard in the midriff, hugging him so tightly he thought his ribs would break.\par
\ldblquote D-Dobby?\rdblquote  Harry gasped.\par
\ldblquote It \i is\i0  Dobby, sir, it is!\rdblquote  squealed the voice from somewhere around his navel. \ldblquote Dobby has been hoping and hoping to see Harry Potter, sir, and Harry Potter has come to see him, sir!\rdblquote\par
Dobby let go and stepped back a few paces, beaming up at Harry, his enormous, green, tennis-ball-shaped eyes brimming with tears of happiness. He looked almost exactly as Harry remem\-bered him; the pencil-shaped nose, the batlike ears, the long fingers and feet \emdash  all except the clothes, which were very different.\par
When Dobby had worked for the Malfoys, he had always worn the same filthy old pillowcase. Now, however, he was wearing the strangest assortment of garments Harry had ever seen; he had done an even worse job of dressing himself than the wizards at the World Cup. He was wearing a tea cozy for a hat, on which he had pinned a number of bright badges; a tie patterned with horseshoes over a bare chest, a pair of what looked like children\rquote s soccer shorts, and odd socks. One of these, Harry saw, was the black one Harry had removed from his own foot and tricked Mr. Malfoy into giving Dobby, thereby setting Dobby free. The other was covered in pink and orange stripes.\par
\ldblquote Dobby, what\rquote re you doing here?\rdblquote  Harry said in amazement.\par
\ldblquote Dobby has come to work at Hogwarts, sir!\rdblquote  Dobby squealed excitedly. \ldblquote Professor Dumbledore gave Dobby and Winky jobs, sir!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Winky?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote She\rquote s here too?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, sir, yes!\rdblquote  said Dobby, and he seized Harry\rquote s hand and pulled him off into the kitchen between the four long wooden tables that stood there. Each of these tables, Harry noticed as he passed them, was positioned exactly beneath the four House tables above, in the Great Hall. At the moment, they were clear of food, dinner having finished, but he supposed that an hour ago they had been laden with dishes that were then sent up through the ceiling to their counterparts above.\par
At least a hundred little elves were standing around the kitchen, beaming, bowing, and curtsying as Dobby led Harry past them. They were all wearing the same uniform: a tea towel stamped with the Hogwarts crest, and tied, as Winky\rquote s had been, like a toga.\par
Dobby stopped in front of the brick fireplace and pointed.\par
\ldblquote Winky, sir!\rdblquote  he said.\par
Winky was sitting on a stool by the fire. Unlike Dobby, she had obviously not foraged for clothes. She was wearing a neat little skirt and blouse with a matching blue hat, which had holes in it for her large ears. However, while every one of Dobby\rquote s strange collection of garments was so clean and well cared for that it looked brand-new, Winky was plainly not taking care of her clothes at all. There were soup stains all down her blouse and a burn in her skirt.\par
\ldblquote Hello, Winky,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Winky\rquote s lip quivered. Then she burst into tears, which spilled out of her great brown eyes and splashed down her front, just as they had done at the Quidditch World Cup.\par
\ldblquote Oh dear,\rdblquote  said Hermione. She and Ron had followed Harry and Dobby to the end of the kitchen. \ldblquote Winky, don\rquote t cry, please don\rquote t \'85\rdblquote\par
But Winky cried harder than ever. Dobby, on the other hand, beamed up at Harry.\par
\ldblquote Would Harry Potter like a cup of tea?\rdblquote  he squeaked loudly, over Winky\rquote s sobs.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  yeah, okay,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Instantly, about six house-elves came trotting up behind him, bearing a large silver tray laden with a teapot, cups for Harry, Ron, and Hermione, a milk jug, and a large plate of biscuits.\par
\ldblquote Good service!\rdblquote  Ron said, in an impressed voice. Hermione frowned at him, but the elves all looked delighted; they bowed very low and retreated.\par
\ldblquote How long have you been here, Dobby?\rdblquote  Harry asked as Dobby handed around the tea.\par
\ldblquote Only a week, Harry Potter, sir!\rdblquote  said Dobby happily. \ldblquote Dobby came to see Professor Dumbledore, sir. You see, sir, it is very diffi\-cult for a house-elf who has been dismissed to get a new position, sir, very difficult indeed \emdash\rdblquote\par
At this, Winky howled even harder, her squashed-tomato of a nose dribbling all down her front, though she made no effort to stem the flow.\par
\ldblquote Dobby has traveled the country for two whole years, sir, trying to find work!\rdblquote  Dobby squeaked. \ldblquote But Dobby hasn\rquote t found work, sir, because Dobby wants paying now!\rdblquote\par
The house-elves all around the kitchen, who had been listening and watching with interest, all looked away at these words, as though Dobby had said something rude and embarrassing. Hermione, however, said, \ldblquote Good for you, Dobby!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you, miss!\rdblquote  said Dobby, grinning toothily at her. \ldblquote But most wizards doesn\rquote t want a house-elf who wants paying, miss. \lquote That\rquote s not the point of a house-elf,\rquote  they says, and they slammed the door in Dobby\rquote s face! Dobby likes work, but he wants to wear clothes and he wants to be paid, Harry Potter. \'85 Dobby likes be\-ing free!\rdblquote\par
The Hogwarts house-elves had now started edging away from Dobby, as though he were carrying something contagious. Winky, however, remained where she was, though there was a definite in\-crease in the volume of her crying.\par
\ldblquote And then, Harry Potter, Dobby goes to visit Winky, and finds out Winky has been freed too, sir!\rdblquote  said Dobby delightedly.\par
At this, Winky flung herself forward off her stool and lay face\-down on the flagged stone floor, beating her tiny fists upon it and positively screaming with misery. Hermione hastily dropped down to her knees beside her and tried to comfort her, but nothing she said made the slightest difference. Dobby continued with his story, shouting shrilly over Winky\rquote s screeches.\par
\ldblquote And then Dobby had the idea, Harry Potter, sir! \lquote Why doesn\rquote t Dobby and Winky find work together?\rquote  Dobby says. \lquote Where is there enough work for two house-elves?\rquote  says Winky. And Dobby thinks, and it comes to him, sir! \i Hogwarts\i0 ! So Dobby and Winky came to see Professor Dumbledore, sir, and Professor Dumbledore took us on!\rdblquote\par
Dobby beamed very brightly, and happy tears welled in his eyes again.\par
\ldblquote And Professor Dumbledore says he will pay Dobby, sir, if Dobby wants paying! And so Dobby is a free elf, sir, and Dobby gets a Galleon a week and one day off a month!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s not very much!\rdblquote  Hermione shouted indignantly from the floor, over Winky\rquote s continued screaming and fist-beating.\par
\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore offered Dobby ten Galleons a week, and weekends off,\rdblquote  said Dobby, suddenly giving a little shiver, as though the prospect of so much leisure and riches were frightening, \ldblquote but Dobby beat him down, miss. \'85 Dobby likes freedom, miss, but he isn\rquote t wanting too much, miss, he likes work better.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And how much is Professor Dumbledore paying \i you,\i0  Winky?\rdblquote  Hermione asked kindly.\par
If she had thought this would cheer up Winky, she was wildly mistaken. Winky did stop crying, but when she sat up she was glar\-ing at Hermione through her massive brown eyes, her whole face sopping wet and suddenly furious.\par
\ldblquote Winky is a disgraced elf, but Winky is not yet getting paid!\rdblquote  she squeaked. \ldblquote Winky is not sunk so low as that! Winky is properly ashamed of being freed!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ashamed?\rdblquote  said Hermione blankly. \ldblquote But \emdash  Winky, come on! It\rquote s Mr. Crouch who should be ashamed, not you! You didn\rquote t do anything wrong, he was really horrible to you \emdash\rdblquote\par
But at these words, Winky clapped her hands over the holes in her hat, flattening her ears so that she couldn\rquote t hear a word, and screeched, \ldblquote You is not insulting my master, miss! You is not insult\-ing Mr. Crouch! Mr. Crouch is a good wizard, miss! Mr. Crouch is right to sack bad Winky!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Winky is having trouble adjusting, Harry Potter,\rdblquote  squeaked Dobby confidentially. \ldblquote Winky forgets she is not bound to Mr. Crouch anymore; she is allowed to speak her mind now, but she won\rquote t do it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Can\rquote t house-elves speak their minds about their masters, then?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\par
\ldblquote Oh no, sir, no,\rdblquote  said Dobby, looking suddenly serious. \ldblquote  \rquote Tis part of the house-elf\rquote s enslavement, sir. We keeps their secrets and our silence, sir. We upholds the family\rquote s honor, and we never speaks ill of them \emdash  though Professor Dumbledore told Dobby he does not insist upon this. Professor Dumbledore said we is free to \emdash  to \emdash\rdblquote\par
Dobby looked suddenly nervous and beckoned Harry closer. Harry bent forward. Dobby whispered, \ldblquote He said we is free to call him a \emdash  a barmy old codger if we likes, sir!\rdblquote\par
Dobby gave a frightened sort of giggle.\par
\ldblquote But Dobby is not wanting to, Harry Potter,\rdblquote  he said, talking normally again, and shaking his head so that his ears flapped. \ldblquote Dobby likes Professor Dumbledore very much, sir, and is proud to keep his secrets and our silence for him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But you can say what you like about the Malfoys now?\rdblquote  Harry asked him, grinning.\par
A slightly fearful look came into Dobby\rquote s immense eyes.\par
\ldblquote Dobby \emdash  Dobby could,\rdblquote  he said doubtfully. He squared his small shoulders. \ldblquote Dobby could tell Harry Potter that his old mas\-ters were \emdash  were \emdash  \i bad Dark wizards\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Dobby stood for a moment, quivering all over, horror-struck by his own daring \emdash  then he rushed over to the nearest table and be\-gan banging his head on it very hard, squealing, \ldblquote\i Bad Dobby\i0 ! \i Bad Dobby\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Harry seized Dobby by the back of his tie and pulled him away from the table.\par
\ldblquote Thank you, Harry Potter, thank you,\rdblquote  said Dobby breathlessly, rubbing his head.\par
\ldblquote You just need a bit of practice,\rdblquote  Harry said.\par
\ldblquote Practice!\rdblquote  squealed Winky furiously. \ldblquote You is ought to be ashamed of yourself, Dobby, talking that way about your masters!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They isn\rquote t my masters anymore, Winky!\rdblquote  said Dobby defiantly. \ldblquote Dobby doesn\rquote t care what they think anymore!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh you is a bad elf, Dobby!\rdblquote  moaned Winky, tears leaking down her face once more. \ldblquote My poor Mr. Crouch, what is he doing without Winky? He is needing me, he is needing my help! I is look\-ing after the Crouches all my life, and my mother is doing it before me, and my grandmother is doing it before her \'85 oh what is they saying if they knew Winky was freed? Oh the shame, the shame!\rdblquote  She buried her face in her skirt again and bawled.\par
\ldblquote Winky,\rdblquote  said Hermione firmly, \ldblquote I\rquote m quite sure Mr. Crouch is get\-ting along perfectly well without you. We\rquote ve seen him, you know \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You is seeing my master?\rdblquote  said Winky breathlessly, raising her tearstained face out of her skirt once more and goggling at Hermione. \ldblquote You is seeing him here at Hogwarts?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote he and Mr. Bagman are judges in the Tri-wizard Tournament.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mr. Bagman comes too?\rdblquote  squeaked Winky, and to Harry\rquote s great surprise (and Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s too, by the looks on their faces), she looked angry again. \ldblquote Mr. Bagman is a bad wizard! A very bad wizard! My master isn\rquote t liking him, oh no, not at all!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Bagman \emdash  bad?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  Winky said, nodding her head furiously. \ldblquote My master is telling Winky some things! But Winky is not saying \'85 Winky \emdash  Winky keeps her master\rquote s secrets. \'85\rdblquote\par
She dissolved yet again in tears; they could hear her sobbing into her skirt, \ldblquote Poor master, poor master, no Winky to help him no more!\par
They couldn\rquote t get another sensible word out of Winky. They left her to her crying and finished their tea, while Dobby chatted hap\-pily about his life as a free elf and his plans for his wages.\par
\ldblquote Dobby is going to buy a sweater next, Harry Potter!\rdblquote  he said happily, pointing at his bare chest.\par
\ldblquote Tell you what, Dobby,\rdblquote  said Ron, who seemed to have taken a great liking to the elf, \ldblquote I\rquote ll give you the one my mum knits me this Christmas, I always get one from her. You don\rquote t mind maroon, do you?\rdblquote\par
Dobby was delighted.\par
\ldblquote We might have to shrink it a bit to fit you,\rdblquote  Ron told him, \ldblquote but it\rquote ll go well with your tea cozy.\rdblquote\par
As they prepared to take their leave, many of the surrounding elves pressed in upon them, offering snacks to take back upstairs. Hermione refused, with a pained look at the way the elves kept bowing and curtsying, but Harry and Ron loaded their pockets with cream cakes and pies.\par
\ldblquote Thanks a lot!\rdblquote  Harry said to the elves, who had all clustered around the door to say good night. \ldblquote See you, Dobby!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter \'85 can Dobby come and see you sometimes, sir?\rdblquote  Dobby asked tentatively.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Course you can,\rdblquote  said Harry, and Dobby beamed.\par
\ldblquote You know what?\rdblquote  said Ron, once he, Hermione, and Harry had left the kitchens behind and were climbing the steps into the en\-trance hall again. \ldblquote All these years I\rquote ve been really impressed with Fred and George, nicking food from the kitchens \emdash  well, it\rquote s not exactly difficult, is it? They can\rquote t wait to give it away!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think this is the best thing that could have happened to those elves, you know,\rdblquote  said Hermione, leading the way back up the mar\-ble staircase. \ldblquote Dobby coming to work here, I mean. The other elves will see how happy he is, being free, and slowly it\rquote ll dawn on them that they want that too!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s hope they don\rquote t look too closely at Winky,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Oh she\rquote ll cheer up,\rdblquote  said Hermione, though she sounded a bit doubtful. \ldblquote Once the shock\rquote s worn off, and she\rquote s got used to Hog\-warts, she\rquote ll see how much better off she is without that Crouch man.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She seems to love him,\rdblquote  said Ron thickly (he had just started on a cream cake).\par
\ldblquote Doesn\rquote t think much of Bagman, though, does she?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Wonder what Crouch says at home about him?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Probably says he\rquote s not a very good Head of Department,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote and let\rquote s face it \'85 he\rquote s got a point, hasn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote d still rather work for him than old Crouch,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote At least Bagman\rquote s got a sense of humor.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t let Percy hear you saying that,\rdblquote  Hermione said, smiling slightly.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, well, Percy wouldn\rquote t want to work for anyone with a sense of humor, would he?\rdblquote  said Ron, now starting on a chocolate eclair. \ldblquote Percy wouldn\rquote t recognize a joke if it danced naked in front of him wearing Dobby\rquote s tea cozy.\rdblquote\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 22\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Unexpected Task\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
\ldblquote Potter! Weasley! \i Will you pay attention\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
Professor McGonagall\rquote s irritated voice cracked like a whip through the Transfiguration class on Thursday, and Harry and Ron both jumped and looked up.\par
It was the end of the lesson; they had finished their work; the guinea fowl they had been changing into guinea pigs had been shut away in a large cage on Professor McGonagall\rquote s desk (Neville\rquote s still had feathers); they had copied down their homework from the blackboard (\ldblquote\i Describe, with examples, the ways in which Transform\-ing Spells must be adapted when performing Cross-Species Switches\i0\rdblquote ). The bell was due to ring at any moment, and Harry and Ron, who had been having a sword fight with a couple of Fred and George\rquote s fake wands at the back of the class, looked up, Ron holding a tin parrot and Harry, a rubber haddock.\par
\ldblquote Now that Potter and Weasley have been kind enough to act their age,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, with an angry look at the pair of them as the head of Harry\rquote s haddock drooped and fell silently to the floor \emdash  Ron\rquote s parrot\rquote s beak had severed it moments before \emdash  \ldblquote I have something to say to you all.\par
\ldblquote The Yule Ball is approaching \emdash  a traditional part of the Tri-wizard Tournament and an opportunity for us to socialize with our foreign guests. Now, the ball will be open only to fourth years and above \emdash  although you may invite a younger student if you wish \emdash\rdblquote\par
Lavender Brown let out a shrill giggle. Parvati Patil nudged her hard in the ribs, her face working furiously as she too fought not to giggle. They both looked around at Harry. Professor McGonagall ignored them, which Harry thought was distinctly unfair, as she had just told off him and Ron.\par
\ldblquote Dress robes will be worn,\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall continued, \ldblquote and the ball will start at eight o\rquote clock on Christmas Day, finishing at midnight in the Great Hall. Now then \emdash\rdblquote\par
Professor McGonagall stared deliberately around the class.\par
\ldblquote The Yule Ball is of course a chance for us all to \emdash  er \emdash  let our hair down,\rdblquote  she said, in a disapproving voice.\par
Lavender giggled harder than ever, with her hand pressed hard against her mouth to stifle the sound. Harry could see what was funny this time: Professor McGonagall, with her hair in a tight bun, looked as though she had never let her hair down in any sense.\par
\ldblquote But that does NOT mean,\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall went on, \ldblquote that we will be relaxing the standards of behavior we expect from Hogwarts students. I will be most seriously displeased if a Gryffin\-dor student embarrasses the school in any way.\rdblquote\par
The bell rang, and there was the usual scuffle of activity as every\-one packed their bags and swung them onto their shoulders.\par
Professor McGonagall called above the noise, \ldblquote Potter \emdash  a word, if you please.\rdblquote\par
Assuming this had something to do with his headless rubber haddock, Harry proceeded gloomily to the teacher\rquote s desk. Professor McGonagall waited until the rest of the class had gone, and then said, \ldblquote Potter, the champions and their partners \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What partners?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Professor McGonagall looked suspiciously at him, as though she thought he was trying to be funny.\par
\ldblquote Your partners for the Yule Ball, Potter,\rdblquote  she said coldly. \ldblquote Your \i dance partners.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s insides seemed to curl up and shrivel.\par
\ldblquote Dance partners?\rdblquote  He felt himself going red. \ldblquote I don\rquote t dance,\rdblquote  he said quickly.\par
\ldblquote Oh yes, you do,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall irritably. \ldblquote That\rquote s what I\rquote m telling you. Traditionally, the champions and their part\-ners open the ball.\rdblquote\par
Harry had a sudden mental image of himself in a top hat and tails, accompanied by a girl in the sort of frilly dress Aunt Petunia always wore to Uncle Vernon\rquote s work parties.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not dancing,\rdblquote  he said.\par
\ldblquote It is traditional,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall firmly. \ldblquote You are a Hogwarts champion, and you will do what is expected of you as a representative of the school. So make sure you get yourself a part\-ner, Potter.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But \emdash  I don\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You heard me, Potter,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall in a very final sort of way.\par
\par
A week ago, Harry would have said finding a partner for a dance would be a cinch compared to taking on a Hungarian Horntail. But now that he had done the latter, and was facing the prospect of asking a girl to the ball, he thought he\rquote d rather have another round with the dragon.\par
Harry had never known so many people to put their names down to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas; he always did, of course, because the alternative was usually going back to Privet Drive, but he had always been very much in the minority before now. This year, however, everyone in the fourth year and above seemed to be staying, and they all seemed to Harry to be obsessed with the com\-ing ball \emdash  or at least all the girls were, and it was amazing how many girls Hogwarts suddenly seemed to hold; he had never quite noticed that before. Girls giggling and whispering in the corridors, girls shrieking with laughter as boys passed them, girls excitedly comparing notes on what they were going to wear on Christmas night. \'85\par
\ldblquote Why do they have to move in packs?\rdblquote  Harry asked Ron as a dozen or so girls walked past them, sniggering and staring at Harry. \ldblquote How\rquote re you supposed to get one on their own to ask them?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Lasso one?\rdblquote  Ron suggested. \ldblquote Got any idea who you\rquote re going to try?\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t answer. He knew perfectly well whom he\rquote d \i like\i0  to ask, but working up the nerve was something else. \'85 Cho was a year older than he was; she was very pretty; she was a very good Quidditch player, and she was also very popular.\par
Ron seemed to know what was going on inside Harry\rquote s head.\par
\ldblquote Listen, you\rquote re not going to have any trouble. You\rquote re a cham\-pion. You\rquote ve just beaten a Hungarian Horntail. I bet they\rquote ll be queuing up to go with you.\rdblquote\par
In tribute to their recently repaired friendship, Ron had kept the bitterness in his voice to a bare minimum. Moreover, to Harry\rquote s amazement, he turned out to be quite right.\par
A curly-haired third-year Hufflepuff girl to whom Harry had never spoken in his life asked him to go to the ball with her the very next day. Harry was so taken aback he said no before he\rquote d even stopped to consider the matter. The girl walked off looking rather hurt, and Harry had to endure Dean\rquote s, Seamus\rquote s, and Ron\rquote s taunts about her all through History of Magic. The following day, two more girls asked him, a second year and (to his horror) a fifth year who looked as though she might knock him out if he refused.\par
\ldblquote She was quite good-looking,\rdblquote  said Ron fairly, after he\rquote d stopped laughing.\par
\ldblquote She was a foot taller than me,\rdblquote  said Harry, still unnerved. \ldblquote Imagine what I\rquote d look like trying to dance with her.\rdblquote\par
Hermione\rquote s words about Krum kept coming back to him. \ldblquote They only like him because he\rquote s famous!\rdblquote  Harry doubted very much if any of the girls who had asked to be his partner so far would have wanted to go to the ball with him if he hadn\rquote t been a school cham\-pion. Then he wondered if this would bother him if Cho asked him.\par
On the whole, Harry had to admit that even with the embar\-rassing prospect of opening the ball before him, life had definitely improved since he had got through the first task. He wasn\rquote t attract\-ing nearly as much unpleasantness in the corridors anymore, which he suspected had a lot to do with Cedric \emdash  he had an idea Cedric might have told the Hufflepuffs to leave Harry alone, in gratitude for Harry\rquote s tip-off about the dragons. There seemed to be fewer \i Support Cedric Diggory\i0 ! badges around too. Draco Malfoy, of course, was still quoting Rita Skeeter\rquote s article to him at every possi\-ble opportunity, but he was getting fewer and fewer laughs out of it \emdash  and just to heighten Harry\rquote s feeling of well-being, no story about Hagrid had appeared in the \i Daily Prophet.\i0\par
\ldblquote She didn\rquote  seem very int\rquote rested in magical creatures, ter tell yeh the truth,\rdblquote  Hagrid said, when Harry, Ron, and Hermione asked him how his interview with Rita Skeeter had gone during the last Care of Magical Creatures lesson of the term. To their very great relief, Hagrid had given up on direct contact with the skrewts now, and they were merely sheltering behind his cabin today, sitting at a trestle table and preparing a fresh selection of food with which to tempt the skrewts.\par
\ldblquote She jus\rquote  wanted me ter talk about you, Harry,\rdblquote  Hagrid contin\-ued in a low voice. \ldblquote Well, I told her we\rquote d been friends since I went ter fetch yeh from the Dursleys. \lquote Never had to tell him off in four years?\rquote  she said. \lquote Never played you up in lessons, has he?\rquote  I told her no, an\rquote  she didn\rquote  seem happy at all. Yeh\rquote d think she wanted me to say yeh were horrible, Harry.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Course she did,\rdblquote  said Harry, throwing lumps of dragon liver into a large metal bowl and picking up his knife to cut some more. \ldblquote She can\rquote t keep writing about what a tragic little hero I am, it\rquote ll get boring.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She wants a new angle, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Ron wisely as he shelled salamander eggs. \ldblquote You were supposed to say Harry\rquote s a mad delin\-quent!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But he\rquote s not!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking genuinely shocked.\par
\ldblquote She should\rquote ve interviewed Snape,\rdblquote  said Harry grimly. \ldblquote He\rquote d give her the goods on me any day. \lquote\i Potter has been crossing lines ever since he first arrived at this school. \'85\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Said that, did he?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, while Ron and Hermione laughed. \ldblquote Well, yeh might\rquote ve bent a few rules, Harry, bu\rquote  yeh\rquote re all righ\rquote  really, aren\rquote  you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Cheers, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning.\par
\ldblquote You coming to this ball thing on Christmas Day, Hagrid?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Though\rquote  I might look in on it, yeah,\rdblquote  said Hagrid gruffly. \ldblquote Should be a good do, I reckon. You\rquote ll be openin\rquote  the dancin\rquote , won\rquote  yeh, Harry? Who\rquote re you takin\rquote ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No one, yet,\rdblquote  said Harry, feeling himself going red again. Hag\-rid didn\rquote t pursue the subject.\par
The last week of term became increasingly boisterous as it pro\-gressed. Rumors about the Yule Ball were flying everywhere, though Harry didn\rquote t believe half of them \emdash  for instance, that Dumbledore had bought eight hundred barrels of mulled mead from Madam Rosmerta. It seemed to be fact, however, that he had booked the Weird Sisters. Exactly who or what the Weird Sisters were Harry didn\rquote t know, never having had access to a wizard\rquote s wire\-less, but he deduced from the wild excitement of those who had grown up listening to the WWN (Wizarding Wireless Network) that they were a very famous musical group.\par
Some of the teachers, like little Professor Flitwick, gave up trying to teach them much when their minds were so clearly elsewhere; he allowed them to play games in his lesson on Wednesday, and spent most of it talking to Harry about the perfect Summoning Charm Harry had used during the first task of the Triwizard Tournament. Other teachers were not so generous. Nothing would ever deflect Professor Binns, for example, from plowing on through his notes on goblin rebellions \emdash  as Binns hadn\rquote t let his own death stand in the way of continuing to teach, they supposed a small thing like Christmas wasn\rquote t going to put him off. It was amazing how he could make even bloody and vicious goblin riots sound as boring as Percy\rquote s cauldron-bottom report. Professors McGonagall and Moody kept them working until the very last second of their classes too, and Snape, of course, would no sooner let them play games in class than adopt Harry. Staring nastily around at them all, he informed them that he would be testing them on poison antidotes during the last lesson of the term.\par
\ldblquote Evil, he is,\rdblquote  Ron said bitterly that night in the Gryffindor com\-mon room. \ldblquote Springing a test on us on the last day. Ruining the last bit of term with a whole load of studying.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mmm \'85 you\rquote re not exactly straining yourself, though, are you?\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking at him over the top of her Potions notes. Ron was busy building a card castle out of his Exploding Snap pack \emdash  a much more interesting pastime than with Muggle cards, because of the chance that the whole thing would blow up at any second.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s Christmas, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry lazily; he was rereading \i Flying with the Cannons\i0  for the tenth time in an armchair near the fire.\par
Hermione looked severely over at him too. \ldblquote I\rquote d have thought you\rquote d be doing something constructive, Harry, even if you don\rquote t want to learn your antidotes!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Like what?\rdblquote  Harry said as he watched Joey Jenkins of the Can\-nons belt a Bludger toward a Ballycastle Bats Chaser.\par
\ldblquote That egg!\rdblquote  Hermione hissed.\par
\ldblquote Come on, Hermione, I\rquote ve got till February the twenty-fourth,\rdblquote  Harry said.\par
He had put the golden egg upstairs in his trunk and hadn\rquote t opened it since the celebration party after the first task. There were still two and a half months to go until he needed to know what all the screechy wailing meant, after all.\par
\ldblquote But it might take weeks to work it out!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote You\rquote re going to look a real idiot if everyone else knows what the next task is and you don\rquote t!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Leave him alone, Hermione, he\rquote s earned a bit of a break,\rdblquote  said Ron, and he placed the last two cards on top of the castle and the whole lot blew up, singeing his eyebrows.\par
\ldblquote Nice look, Ron \'85 go well with your dress robes, that will.\rdblquote\par
It was Fred and George. They sat down at the table with Harry, Ron, and Hermione as Ron felt how much damage had been done.\par
\ldblquote Ron, can we borrow Pigwidgeon?\rdblquote  George asked.\par
\ldblquote No, he\rquote s off delivering a letter,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Because George wants to invite him to the ball,\rdblquote  said Fred sar\-castically.\par
\ldblquote Because \i we \i0 want to send a letter, you stupid great prat,\rdblquote  said George.\par
\ldblquote Who d\rquote you two keep writing to, eh?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Nose out, Ron, or I\rquote ll burn that for you too,\rdblquote  said Fred, waving his wand threateningly. \ldblquote So \'85 you lot got dates for the ball yet?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nope,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Well, you\rquote d better hurry up, mate, or all the good ones will be gone,\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote re you going with, then?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Angelina,\rdblquote  said Fred promptly, without a trace of embar\-rassment.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron, taken aback. \ldblquote You\rquote ve already asked her?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good point,\rdblquote  said Fred. He turned his head and called across the common room, \ldblquote Oi! Angelina!\rdblquote\par
Angelina, who had been chatting with Alicia Spinnet near the fire, looked over at him.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  she called back.\par
\ldblquote Want to come to the ball with me?\rdblquote\par
Angelina gave Fred an appraising sort of look.\par
\ldblquote All right, then,\rdblquote  she said, and she turned back to Alicia and car\-ried on chatting with a bit of a grin on her face.\par
\ldblquote There you go,\rdblquote  said Fred to Harry and Ron, \ldblquote piece of cake.\rdblquote\par
He got to his feet, yawning, and said, \ldblquote We\rquote d better use a school owl then, George, come on. \'85\rdblquote\par
They left. Ron stopped feeling his eyebrows and looked across the smoldering wreck of his card castle at Harry.\par
\ldblquote We \i should\i0  get a move on, you know \'85 ask someone. He\rquote s right. We don\rquote t want to end up with a pair of trolls.\rdblquote\par
Hermione let out a sputter of indignation.\par
\ldblquote A pair of \'85 \i what,\i0  excuse me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well \emdash  you know,\rdblquote  said Ron, shrugging. \ldblquote I\rquote d rather go alone than with \emdash  with Eloise Midgen, say.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Her acne\rquote s loads better lately \emdash  and she\rquote s really nice!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Her nose is off-center,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Oh I see,\rdblquote  Hermione said, bristling. \ldblquote So basically, you\rquote re going to take the best-looking girl who\rquote ll have you, even if she\rquote s com\-pletely horrible?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  yeah, that sounds about right,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m going to bed,\rdblquote  Hermione snapped, and she swept off to\-ward the girls\rquote  staircase without another word.\par
\par
The Hogwarts staff, demonstrating a continued desire to impress the visitors from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, seemed deter\-mined to show the castle at its best this Christmas. When the dec\-orations went up, Harry noticed that they were the most stunning he had yet seen inside the school. Everlasting icicles had been at\-tached to the banisters of the marble staircase; the usual twelve Christmas trees in the Great Hall were bedecked with everything from luminous holly berries to real, hooting, golden owls, and the suits of armor had all been bewitched to sing carols whenever any\-one passed them. It was quite something to hear \ldblquote O Come, All Ye Faithful\rdblquote  sung by an empty helmet that only knew half the words. Several times, Filch the caretaker had to extract Peeves from inside the armor, where he had taken to hiding, filling in the gaps in the songs with lyrics of his own invention, all of which were very rude.\par
And still, Harry hadn\rquote t asked Cho to the ball. He and Ron were getting very nervous now, though as Harry pointed out, Ron would look much less stupid than he would without a partner; Harry was supposed to be starting the dancing with the other champions.\par
\ldblquote I suppose there\rquote s always Moaning Myrtle,\rdblquote  he said gloomily, re\-ferring to the ghost who haunted the girls\rquote  toilets on the second floor.\par
\ldblquote Harry \emdash  we\rquote ve just got to grit our teeth and do it,\rdblquote  said Ron on Friday morning, in a tone that suggested they were planning the storming of an impregnable fortress. \ldblquote When we get back to the common room tonight, we\rquote ll both have partners \emdash  agreed?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \'85 okay,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
But every time he glimpsed Cho that day \emdash  during break, and then lunchtime, and once on the way to History of Magic \emdash  she was surrounded by friends. Didn\rquote t she \i ever\i0  go anywhere alone? Could he perhaps ambush her as she was going into a bathroom? But no \emdash  she even seemed to go there with an escort of four or five girls. Yet if he didn\rquote t do it soon, she was bound to have been asked by somebody else.\par
He found it hard to concentrate on Snape\rquote s Potions test, and consequently forgot to add the key ingredient \emdash  a bezoar \emdash  meaning that he received bottom marks. He didn\rquote t care, though; he was too busy screwing up his courage for what he was about to do. When the bell rang, he grabbed his bag, and hurried to the dun\-geon door.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll meet you at dinner,\rdblquote  he said to Ron and Hermione, and he dashed off upstairs.\par
He\rquote d just have to ask Cho for a private word, that was all. \'85 He hurried off through the packed corridors looking for her, and (rather sooner than he had expected) he found her, emerging from a Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  Cho? Could I have a word with you?\rdblquote\par
Giggling should be made illegal, Harry thought furiously, as all the girls around Cho started doing it. She didn\rquote t, though. She said, \ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  and followed him out of earshot of her classmates.\par
Harry turned to look at her and his stomach gave a weird lurch as though he had missed a step going downstairs.\par
\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  he said.\par
He couldn\rquote t ask her. He couldn\rquote t. But he had to. Cho stood there looking puzzled, watching him.\par
The words came out before Harry had quite got his tongue around them.\par
\ldblquote Wangoballwime?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sorry?\rdblquote  said Cho.\par
\ldblquote D\rquote you \emdash  d\rquote you want to go to the ball with me?\rdblquote  said Harry. Why did he have to go red now? \i Why\i0 ?\par
\ldblquote Oh!\rdblquote  said Cho, and she went red too. \ldblquote Oh Harry, I\rquote m really sorry,\rdblquote  and she truly looked it. \ldblquote I\rquote ve already said I\rquote ll go with some\-one else.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
It was odd; a moment before his insides had been writhing like snakes, but suddenly he didn\rquote t seem to have any insides at all.\par
\ldblquote Oh okay,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote no problem.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m really sorry,\rdblquote  she said again.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s okay,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
They stood there looking at each other, and then Cho said, \ldblquote Well \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Well, \rquote bye,\rdblquote  said Cho, still very red. She walked away.\par
Harry called after her, before he could stop himself.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote re you going with?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh \emdash  Cedric,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Cedric Diggory.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh right,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
His insides had come back again. It felt as though they had been filled with lead in their absence.\par
Completely forgetting about dinner, he walked slowly back up to Gryffindor Tower, Cho\rquote s voice echoing in his ears with every step he took. \ldblquote\i Cedric \emdash  Cedric Diggory.\i0\rdblquote  He had been starting to quite like Cedric \emdash  prepared to overlook the fact that he had once beaten him at Quidditch, and was handsome, and popular, and nearly everyone\rquote s favorite champion. Now he suddenly realized that Cedric was in fact a useless pretty boy who didn\rquote t have enough brains to fill an eggcup.\par
\ldblquote Fairy lights,\rdblquote  he said dully to the Fat Lady \emdash  the password had been changed the previous day.\par
\ldblquote Yes, indeed, dear!\rdblquote  she trilled, straightening her new tinsel hair band as she swung forward to admit him.\par
Entering the common room, Harry looked around, and to his surprise he saw Ron sitting ashen-faced in a distant corner. Ginny was sitting with him, talking to him in what seemed to be a low, soothing voice.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s up, Ron?\rdblquote  said Harry, joining them.\par
Ron looked up at Harry, a sort of blind horror in his face.\par
\ldblquote Why did I do it?\rdblquote  he said wildly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know what made me do it!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote He \emdash  er \emdash  just asked Fleur Delacour to go to the ball with him,\rdblquote  said Ginny. She looked as though she was fighting back a smile, but she kept patting Ron\rquote s arm sympathetically.\par
\ldblquote You \i what\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know what made me do it!\rdblquote  Ron gasped again. \ldblquote What was I playing at? There were people \emdash  all around \emdash  I\rquote ve gone mad \emdash  everyone watching! I was just walking past her in the en\-trance hall \emdash  she was standing there talking to Diggory \emdash  and it sort of came over me \emdash  and I asked her!\rdblquote\par
Ron moaned and put his face in his hands. He kept talking, though the words were barely distinguishable.\par
\ldblquote She looked at me like I was a sea slug or something. Didn\rquote t even answer. And then \emdash  I dunno \emdash  I just sort of came to my senses and ran for it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s part veela,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You were right \emdash  her grand\-mother was one. It wasn\rquote t your fault, I bet you just walked past when she was turning on the old charm for Diggory and got a blast of it \emdash  but she was wasting her time. He\rquote s going with Cho Chang.\rdblquote\par
Ron looked up.\par
\ldblquote I asked her to go with me just now,\rdblquote  Harry said dully, \ldblquote and she told me.\rdblquote\par
Ginny had suddenly stopped smiling.\par
\ldblquote This is mad,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote We\rquote re the only ones left who haven\rquote t got anyone \emdash  well, except Neville. Hey \emdash  guess who he asked? \i Hermione\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry, completely distracted by this startling news.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I know!\rdblquote  said Ron, some of the color coming back into his face as he started to laugh. \ldblquote He told me after Potions! Said she\rquote s always been really nice, helping him out with work and stuff \emdash  but she told him she was already going with someone. Ha! As if! She just didn\rquote t want to go with Neville \'85 I mean, who would?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t!\rdblquote  said Ginny, annoyed. \ldblquote Don\rquote t laugh \emdash\rdblquote\par
Just then Hermione climbed in through the portrait hole.\par
\ldblquote Why weren\rquote t you two at dinner?\rdblquote  she said, coming over to join them.\par
\ldblquote Because \emdash  oh shut up laughing, you two \emdash  because they\rquote ve both just been turned down by girls they asked to the ball!\rdblquote  said Ginny.\par
That shut Harry and Ron up.\par
\ldblquote Thanks a bunch, Ginny,\rdblquote  said Ron sourly.\par
\ldblquote All the good-looking ones taken, Ron?\rdblquote  said Hermione loftily. \ldblquote Eloise Midgen starting to look quite pretty now, is she? Well, I\rquote m sure you\rquote ll find someone \i somewhere\i0  who\rquote ll have you.\rdblquote\par
But Ron was staring at Hermione as though suddenly seeing her in a whole new light.\par
\ldblquote Hermione, Neville\rquote s right \emdash  you \i are\i0  a girl. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh well spotted,\rdblquote  she said acidly.\par
\ldblquote Well \emdash  you can come with one of us!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, I can\rquote t,\rdblquote  snapped Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Oh come on,\rdblquote  he said impatiently, \ldblquote we need partners, we\rquote re go\-ing to look really stupid if we haven\rquote t got any, everyone else has \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t come with you,\rdblquote  said Hermione, now blushing, \ldblquote because I\rquote m already going with someone.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, you\rquote re not!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You just said that to get rid of Neville!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh \i did\i0  I?\rdblquote  said Hermione, and her eyes flashed dangerously. \ldblquote Just because it\rquote s taken \i you\i0  three years to notice, Ron, doesn\rquote t mean no one \i else\i0  has spotted I\rquote m a girl!\rdblquote\par
Ron stared at her. Then he grinned again.\par
\ldblquote Okay, okay, we know you\rquote re a girl,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote That do? Will you come now?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve already told you!\rdblquote  Hermione said very angrily. \ldblquote I\rquote m going with someone else!\rdblquote\par
And she stormed off toward the girls\rquote  dormitories again.\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s lying,\rdblquote  said Ron flatly, watching her go.\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s not,\rdblquote  said Ginny quietly.\par
\ldblquote Who is it then?\rdblquote  said Ron sharply.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not telling you, it\rquote s her business,\rdblquote  said Ginny.\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Ron, who looked extremely put out, \ldblquote this is getting stupid. Ginny, \i you\i0  can go with Harry, and I\rquote ll just \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Ginny, and she went scarlet too. \ldblquote I\rquote m going with \emdash  with Neville. He asked me when Hermione said no, and I thought \'85 well \'85 I\rquote m not going to be able to go otherwise, I\rquote m not in fourth year.\rdblquote  She looked extremely miserable. \ldblquote I think I\rquote ll go and have dinner,\rdblquote  she said, and she got up and walked off to the portrait hole, her head bowed.\par
Ron goggled at Harry.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s got into them?\rdblquote  he demanded.\par
But Harry had just seen Parvati and Lavender come in through the portrait hole. The time had come for drastic action.\par
\ldblquote Wait here,\rdblquote  he said to Ron, and he stood up, walked straight up to Parvati, and said, \ldblquote Parvati? Will you go to the ball with me?\rdblquote\par
Parvati went into a fit of giggles. Harry waited for them to sub\-side, his fingers crossed in the pocket of his robes.\par
\ldblquote Yes, all right then,\rdblquote  she said finally, blushing furiously.\par
\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, in relief. \ldblquote Lavender \emdash  will you go with Ron?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s going with Seamus,\rdblquote  said Parvati, and the pair of them giggled harder than ever.\par
Harry sighed.\par
\ldblquote Can\rquote t you think of anyone who\rquote d go with Ron?\rdblquote  he said, lower\-ing his voice so that Ron wouldn\rquote t hear.\par
\ldblquote What about Hermione Granger?\rdblquote  said Parvati.\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s going with someone else.\rdblquote\par
Parvati looked astonished.\par
\ldblquote Ooooh \emdash  \i who\i0 ?\rdblquote  she said keenly.\par
Harry shrugged. \ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote So what about Ron?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well \'85\rdblquote  said Parvati slowly, \ldblquote I suppose my sister might \'85 Padma, you know \'85 in Ravenclaw. I\rquote ll ask her if you like.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, that would be great,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Let me know, will you?\rdblquote\par
And he went back over to Ron, feeling that this ball was a lot more trouble than it was worth, and hoping very much that Padma Patil\rquote s nose was dead center.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 23\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Yule Ball\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Despite the very heavy load of homework that the fourth years had been given for the holidays, Harry was in no mood to work when term ended, and spent the week leading up to Christmas enjoying himself as fully as possible along with everyone else. Gryffindor Tower was hardly less crowded now than during term-time; it seemed to have shrunk slightly too, as its inhabitants were being so much rowdier than usual. Fred and George had had a great success with their Canary Creams, and for the first couple of days of the holidays, people kept bursting into feather all over the place. Before long, however, all the Gryffindors had learned to treat food anybody else offered them with extreme caution, in case it had a Canary Cream concealed in the center, and George con\-fided to Harry that he and Fred were now working on developing something else. Harry made a mental note never to accept so much as a crisp from Fred and George in future. He still hadn\rquote t forgotten Dudley and the Ton-Tongue Toffee.\par
Snow was falling thickly upon the castle and its grounds now. The pale blue Beauxbatons carriage looked like a large, chilly, frosted pumpkin next to the iced gingerbread house that was Ha\-grid\rquote s cabin, while the Durmstrang ship\rquote s portholes were glazed with ice, the rigging white with frost. The house-elves down in the kitchen were outdoing themselves with a series of rich, warming stews and savory puddings, and only Fleur Delacour seemed to be able to find anything to complain about.\par
\ldblquote It is too \rquote eavy, all zis \rquote Ogwarts food,\rdblquote  they heard her saying grumpily as they left the Great Hall behind her one evening (Ron skulking behind Harry, keen not to be spotted by Fleur). \ldblquote I will not fit into my dress robes!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oooh there\rquote s a tragedy,\rdblquote  Hermione snapped as Fleur went out into the entrance hall. \ldblquote She really thinks a lot of herself, that one, doesn\rquote t she?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione \emdash  who are you going to the ball with?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
He kept springing this question on her, hoping to startle her into a response by asking it when she least expected it. However, Hermione merely frowned and said, \ldblquote I\rquote m not telling you, you\rquote ll just make fun of me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re joking, Weasley!\rdblquote  said Malfoy, behind them. \ldblquote You\rquote re not telling me someone\rquote s asked \i that\i0  to the ball? Not the long-molared Mudblood?\rdblquote\par
Harry and Ron both whipped around, but Hermione said loudly, waving to somebody over Malfoy\rquote s shoulder, \ldblquote Hello, Pro\-fessor Moody!\rdblquote\par
Malfoy went pale and jumped backward, looking wildly around for Moody, but he was still up at the staff table, finishing his stew.\par
\ldblquote Twitchy little ferret,  aren\rquote t you,  Malfoy?\rdblquote   said Hermione scathingly, and she, Harry, and Ron went up the marble staircase laughing heartily.\par
\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking sideways at her, suddenly frown\-ing, \ldblquote your teeth \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What about them?\rdblquote  she said.\par
\ldblquote Well, they\rquote re different \'85 I\rquote ve just noticed. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course they are \emdash  did you expect me to keep those fangs Malfoy gave me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, I mean, they\rquote re different to how they were before he put that hex on you. \'85 They\rquote re all \'85 straight and \emdash  and normal-sized.\rdblquote\par
Hermione suddenly smiled very mischievously, and Harry noticed it too: It was a very different smile from the one he remembered.\par
\ldblquote Well \'85 when I went up to Madam Pomfrey to get them shrunk, she held up a mirror and told me to stop her when they were back to how they normally were,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote And I just \'85 let her carry on a bit.\rdblquote  She smiled even more widely. \ldblquote Mum and Dad won\rquote t be too pleased. I\rquote ve been trying to persuade them to let me shrink them for ages, but they wanted me to carry on with my braces. You know, they\rquote re dentists, they just don\rquote t think teeth and magic should \emdash  look! Pigwidgeon\rquote s back!\rdblquote\par
Ron\rquote s tiny owl was twittering madly on the top of the icicle-laden banisters, a scroll of parchment tied to his leg. People passing him were pointing and laughing, and a group of third-year girls paused and said, \ldblquote Oh look at the weeny owl! Isn\rquote t he \i cute\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Stupid little feathery git!\rdblquote  Ron hissed, hurrying up the stairs and snatching up Pigwidgeon. \ldblquote You bring letters to the addressee! You don\rquote t hang around showing off!\rdblquote\par
Pigwidgeon hooted happily, his head protruding over Ron\rquote s fist. The third-year girls all looked very shocked.\par
\ldblquote Clear off!\rdblquote  Ron snapped at them, waving the fist holding Pig\-widgeon, who hooted more happily than ever as he soared through the air. \ldblquote Here \emdash  take it, Harry,\rdblquote  Ron added in an undertone as the third-year girls scuttled away looking scandalized. He pulled Sir\-ius\rquote s reply off Pigwidgeon\rquote s leg, Harry pocketed it, and they hurried back to Gryffindor Tower to read it.\par
Everyone in the common room was much too busy in letting off more holiday steam to observe what anyone else was up to. Ron, Harry, and Hermione sat apart from everyone else by a dark window that was gradually filling up with snow, and Harry read out:\par
\par
\i Dear Harry,\i0\par
\i Congratulations on getting past the Horntail. Whoever put your name in that goblet shouldn\rquote t be feeling too happy right now! I was going to suggest a Conjunctivitis Curse, as a dragon\rquote s eyes are its weakest point\i0  \emdash  \ldblquote That\rquote s what Krum did!\rdblquote  Hermione whispered \emdash  \i but your way was better, I\rquote m impressed\i0 .\par
\i Don\rquote t get complacent, though, Harry. You\rquote ve only done one task; whoever put you in for the tournament\rquote s got plenty more opportunity if they\rquote re trying to hurt you. Keep your eyes open \emdash  particularly when the person we discussed is around \emdash  and concentrate on keeping yourself out of trouble.\i0\par
\i Keep in touch, I still want to hear about anything unusual.\i0\par
\i Sirius\par
\i0\par
\ldblquote He sounds exactly like Moody,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly, tucking the letter away again inside his robes. \ldblquote  \lquote Constant vigilance!\rquote  You\rquote d think I walk around with my eyes shut, banging off the walls. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But he\rquote s right, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote you \i have\i0  still got two tasks to do. You really ought to have a look at that egg, you know, and start working out what it means. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione, he\rquote s got ages!\rdblquote  snapped Ron. \ldblquote Want a game of chess, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, okay,\rdblquote  said Harry. Then, spotting the look on Hermione\rquote s face, he said, \ldblquote Come on, how\rquote m I supposed to concentrate with all this noise going on? I won\rquote t even be able to hear the egg over this lot.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh I suppose not,\rdblquote  she sighed, and she sat down to watch their chess match, which culminated in an exciting checkmate of Ron\rquote s, involving a couple of recklessly brave pawns and a very violent bishop.\par
\par
Harry awoke very suddenly on Christmas Day. Wondering what had caused his abrupt return to consciousness, he opened his eyes, and saw something with very large, round, green eyes staring back at him in the darkness, so close they were almost nose to nose.\par
\ldblquote\i Dobby\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled, scrambling away from the elf so fast he almost fell out of bed. \ldblquote Don\rquote t \i do\i0  that!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dobby is sorry, sir!\rdblquote  squeaked Dobby anxiously, jumping back\-ward with his long fingers over his mouth. \ldblquote Dobby is only wanting to wish Harry Potter \lquote Merry Christmas\rquote  and bring him a present, sir! Harry Potter did say Dobby could come and see him some\-times, sir!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, still breathing rather faster than usual, while his heart rate returned to normal. \ldblquote Just \emdash  just prod me or something in future, all right, don\rquote t bend over me like that. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry pulled back the curtains around his four-poster, took his glasses from his bedside table, and put them on. His yell had awoken Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville. All of them were peering through the gaps in their own hangings, heavy-eyed and tousle-haired.\par
\ldblquote Someone attacking you, Harry?\rdblquote  Seamus asked sleepily.\par
\ldblquote No, it\rquote s just Dobby,\rdblquote  Harry muttered. \ldblquote Go back to sleep.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nah \'85 presents!\rdblquote  said Seamus, spotting the large pile at the foot of his bed. Ron, Dean, and Neville decided that now they were awake they might as well get down to some present-opening too. Harry turned back to Dobby, who was now standing nervously next to Harry\rquote s bed, still looking worried that he had upset Harry. There was a Christmas bauble tied to the loop on top of his tea cozy.\par
\ldblquote Can Dobby give Harry Potter his present?\rdblquote  he squeaked tentatively.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Course you can,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Er \'85 I\rquote ve got something for you too.\rdblquote\par
It was a lie; he hadn\rquote t bought anything for Dobby at all, but he quickly opened his trunk and pulled out a particularly knobbly rolled-up pair of socks. They were his oldest and foulest, mustard yellow, and had once belonged to Uncle Vernon. The reason they were extra-knobbly was that Harry had been using them to cush\-ion his Sneakoscope for over a year now. He pulled out the Sneako\-scope and handed the socks to Dobby, saying, \ldblquote Sorry, I forgot to wrap them. \'85\rdblquote\par
But Dobby was utterly delighted.\par
\ldblquote Socks are Dobby\rquote s favorite, favorite clothes, sir!\rdblquote  he said, rip\-ping off his odd ones and pulling on Uncle Vernon\rquote s. \ldblquote I has seven now, sir. \'85 But sir \'85\rdblquote  he said, his eyes widening, having pulled both socks up to their highest extent, so that they reached to the bottom of his shorts, \ldblquote they has made a mistake in the shop, Harry Potter, they is giving you two the same!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, no, Harry, how come you didn\rquote t spot that?\rdblquote  said Ron, grin\-ning over from his own bed, which was now strewn with wrapping paper. \ldblquote Tell you what, Dobby \emdash  here you go \emdash  take these two, and you can mix them up properly. And here\rquote s your sweater.\rdblquote\par
He threw Dobby a pair of violet socks he had just unwrapped, and the hand-knitted sweater Mrs. Weasley had sent. Dobby looked quite overwhelmed.\par
\ldblquote Sir is very kind!\rdblquote  he squeaked, his eyes brimming with tears again, bowing deeply to Ron. \ldblquote Dobby knew sir must be a great wizard, for he is Harry Potter\rquote s greatest friend, but Dobby did not know that he was also as generous of spirit, as noble, as selfless \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re only socks,\rdblquote  said Ron, who had gone slightly pink around the ears, though he looked rather pleased all the same. \ldblquote Wow, Harry \emdash\rdblquote  He had just opened Harry\rquote s present, a Chudley Cannon hat. \ldblquote Cool!\rdblquote  He jammed it onto his head, where it clashed horribly with his hair.\par
Dobby now handed Harry a small package, which turned out to be \emdash  socks.\par
\ldblquote Dobby is making them himself, sir!\rdblquote  the elf said happily. \ldblquote He is buying the wool out of his wages, sir!\rdblquote\par
The left sock was bright red and had a pattern of broomsticks upon it; the right sock was green with a pattern of Snitches.\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re \'85 they\rquote re really \'85 well, thanks, Dobby,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he pulled them on, causing Dobby\rquote s eyes to leak with happi\-ness again.\par
\ldblquote Dobby must go now, sir, we is already making Christmas dinner in the kitchens!\rdblquote  said Dobby, and he hurried out of the dor\-mitory, waving good-bye to Ron and the others as he passed.\par
Harry\rquote s other presents were much more satisfactory than Dobby\rquote s odd socks \emdash  with the obvious exception of the Dursleys\rquote , which consisted of a single tissue, an all-time low \emdash  Harry sup\-posed they too were remembering the Ton-Tongue Toffee. Hermione had given Harry a book called \i Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland\i0 ; Ron, a bulging bag of Dungbombs; Sirius, a handy penknife with attachments to unlock any lock and undo any knot; and Hagrid, a vast box of sweets including all Harry\rquote s fa\-vorites: Bertie Bott\rquote s Every Flavor Beans, Chocolate Frogs, Drooble\rquote s Best Blowing Gum, and Fizzing Whizbees. There was also, of course, Mrs. Weasley\rquote s usual package, including a new sweater (green, with a picture of a dragon on it \emdash  Harry supposed Charlie had told her all about the Horntail), and a large quantity of homemade mince pies.\par
Harry and Ron met up with Hermione in the common room, and they went down to breakfast together. They spent most of the morning in Gryffindor Tower, where everyone was enjoying their presents, then returned to the Great Hall for a magnificent lunch, which included at least a hundred turkeys and Christmas pud\-dings, and large piles of Cribbage\rquote s Wizarding Crackers.\par
They went out onto the grounds in the afternoon; the snow was untouched except for the deep channels made by the Durmstrang and Beauxbatons students on their way up to the castle. Hermione chose to watch Harry and the Weasleys\rquote  snowball fight rather than join in, and at five o\rquote clock said she was going back upstairs to get ready for the ball.\par
\ldblquote What, you need three hours?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking at her incred\-ulously and paying for his lapse in concentration when a large snowball, thrown by George, hit him hard on the side of the head. \ldblquote Who\rquote re you going with?\rdblquote  he yelled after Hermione, but she just waved and disappeared up the stone steps into the castle.\par
There was no Christmas tea today, as the ball included a feast, so at seven o\rquote clock, when it had become hard to aim properly, the oth\-ers abandoned their snowball fight and trooped back to the com\-mon room. The Fat Lady was sitting in her frame with her friend Violet from downstairs, both of them extremely tipsy, empty boxes of chocolate liqueurs littering the bottom of her picture.\par
\ldblquote Lairy fights, that\rquote s the one!\rdblquote  she giggled when they gave the password, and she swung forward to let them inside.\par
Harry, Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville changed into their dress robes up in their dormitory, all of them looking very self-conscious, but none as much as Ron, who surveyed himself in the long mirror in the corner with an appalled look on his face. There was just no getting around the fact that his robes looked more like a dress than anything else. In a desperate attempt to make them look more manly, he used a Severing Charm on the ruff and cuffs. It worked fairly well; at least he was now lace-free, although he had\-n\rquote t done a very neat job, and the edges still looked depressingly frayed as the boys set off downstairs.\par
\ldblquote I still can\rquote t work out how you two got the best-looking girls in the year,\rdblquote  muttered Dean.\par
\ldblquote Animal magnetism,\rdblquote  said Ron gloomily, pulling stray threads out of his cuffs.\par
The common room looked strange, full of people wearing dif\-ferent colors instead of the usual mass of black. Parvati was waiting for Harry at the foot of the stairs. She looked very pretty indeed, in robes of shocking pink, with her long dark plait braided with gold, and gold bracelets glimmering at her wrists. Harry was relieved to see that she wasn\rquote t giggling.\par
\ldblquote You \emdash  er \emdash  look nice,\rdblquote  he said awkwardly.\par
\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Padma\rquote s going to meet you in the entrance hall,\rdblquote  she added to Ron.\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking around. \ldblquote Where\rquote s Hermione?\rdblquote\par
Parvati shrugged. \ldblquote Shall we go down then, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, wishing he could just stay in the common room. Fred winked at Harry as he passed him on the way out of the portrait hole.\par
The entrance hall was packed with students too, all milling around waiting for eight o\rquote clock, when the doors to the Great Hall would be thrown open. Those people who were meeting partners from different Houses were edging through the crowd trying to find one another. Parvati found her sister, Padma, and led her over to Harry and Ron.\par
\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Padma, who was looking just as pretty as Parvati in robes of bright turquoise. She didn\rquote t look too enthusiastic about having Ron as a partner, though; her dark eyes lingered on the frayed neck and sleeves of his dress robes as she looked him up and down.\par
\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Ron, not looking at her, but staring around at the crowd. \ldblquote Oh no \'85\rdblquote\par
He bent his knees slightly to hide behind Harry, because Fleur Delacour was passing, looking stunning in robes of silver-gray satin, and accompanied by the Ravenclaw Quidditch captain, Roger Davies. When they had disappeared, Ron stood straight again and stared over the heads of the crowd.\par
\ldblquote Where \i is\i0  Hermione?\rdblquote  he said again.\par
A group of Slytherins came up the steps from their dungeon common room. Malfoy was in front; he was wearing dress robes of black velvet with a high collar, which in Harry\rquote s opinion made him look like a vicar. Pansy Parkinson in very frilly robes of pale pink was clutching Malfoy\rquote s arm. Crabbe and Goyle were both wearing green; they resembled moss-colored boulders, and neither of them, Harry was pleased to see, had managed to find a partner.\par
The oak front doors opened, and everyone turned to look as the Durmstrang students entered with Professor Karkaroff. Krum was at the front of the party, accompanied by a pretty girl in blue robes Harry didn\rquote t know. Over their heads he saw that an area of lawn right in front of the castle had been transformed into a sort of grotto full of fairy lights \emdash  meaning hundreds of actual living fairies were sitting in the rosebushes that had been conjured there, and fluttering over the statues of what seemed to be Father Christ\-mas and his reindeer.\par
Then Professor McGonagall\rquote s voice called, \ldblquote Champions over here, please!\rdblquote\par
Parvati readjusted her bangles, beaming; she and Harry said \ldblquote See you in a minute\rdblquote  to Ron and Padma and walked forward, the chat\-tering crowd parting to let them through. Professor McGonagall, who was wearing dress robes of red tartan and had arranged a rather ugly wreath of thistles around the brim of her hat, told them to wait on one side of the doors while everyone else went inside; they were to enter the Great Hall in procession when the rest of the students had sat down. Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies stationed themselves nearest the doors; Davies looked so stunned by his good fortune in having Fleur for a partner that he could hardly take his eyes off her. Cedric and Cho were close to Harry too; he looked away from them so he wouldn\rquote t have to talk to them. His eyes fell instead on the girl next to Krum. His jaw dropped.\par
It was Hermione.\par
But she didn\rquote t look like Hermione at all. She had done some\-thing with her hair; it was no longer bushy but sleek and shiny, and twisted up into an elegant knot at the back of her head. She was wearing robes made of a floaty, periwinkle-blue material, and she was holding herself differently, somehow \emdash  or maybe it was merely the absence of the twenty or so books she usually had slung over her back. She was also smiling \emdash  rather nervously, it was true \emdash  but the reduction in the size of her front teeth was more noticeable than ever; Harry couldn\rquote t understand how he hadn\rquote t spotted it before.\par
\ldblquote Hi, Harry!\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Hi, Parvati!\rdblquote\par
Parvati was gazing at Hermione in unflattering disbelief. She wasn\rquote t the only one either; when the doors to the Great Hall opened, Krum\rquote s fan club from the library stalked past, throwing Hermione looks of deepest loathing. Pansy Parkinson gaped at her as she walked by with Malfoy, and even he didn\rquote t seem to be able to find an insult to throw at her. Ron, however, walked right past Hermione without looking at her.\par
Once everyone else was settled in the Hall, Professor McGona\-gall told the champions and their partners to get in line in pairs and to follow her. They did so, and everyone in the Great Hall ap\-plauded as they entered and started walking up toward a large round table at the top of the Hall, where the judges were sitting.\par
The walls of the Hall had all been covered in sparkling silver frost, with hundreds of garlands of mistletoe and ivy crossing the starry black ceiling. The House tables had vanished; instead, there were about a hundred smaller, lantern-lit ones, each seating about a dozen people.\par
Harry concentrated on not tripping over his feet. Parvati seemed to be enjoying herself; she was beaming around at everybody, steer\-ing Harry so forcefully that he felt as though he were a show dog she was putting through its paces. He caught sight of Ron and Padma as he neared the top table. Ron was watching Hermione pass with narrowed eyes. Padma was looking sulky.\par
Dumbledore smiled happily as the champions approached the top table, but Karkaroff wore an expression remarkably like Ron\rquote s as he watched Krum and Hermione draw nearer. Ludo Bagman, tonight in robes of bright purple with large yellow stars, was clap\-ping as enthusiastically as any of the students; and Madame Maxime, who had changed her usual uniform of black satin for a flowing gown of lavender silk, was applauding them politely. But Mr. Crouch, Harry suddenly realized, was not there. The fifth seat at the table was occupied by Percy Weasley.\par
When the champions and their partners reached the table, Percy drew out the empty chair beside him, staring pointedly at Harry. Harry took the hint and sat down next to Percy, who was wearing brand-new, navy-blue dress robes and an expression of such smug\-ness that Harry thought it ought to be fined.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve been promoted,\rdblquote  Percy said before Harry could even ask, and from his tone, he might have been announcing his election as supreme ruler of the universe. \ldblquote I\rquote m now Mr. Crouch\rquote s personal as\-sistant, and I\rquote m here representing him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why didn\rquote t he come?\rdblquote  Harry asked. He wasn\rquote t looking forward to being lectured on cauldron bottoms all through dinner.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m afraid to say Mr. Crouch isn\rquote t well, not well at all. Hasn\rquote t been right since the World Cup. Hardly surprising \emdash  overwork. He\rquote s not as young as he was \emdash  though still quite brilliant, of course, the mind remains as great as it ever was. But the World Cup was a fiasco for the whole Ministry, and then, Mr. Crouch suffered a huge personal shock with the misbehavior of that house-elf of his, Blinky, or whatever she was called. Naturally, he dismissed her im\-mediately afterward, but \emdash  well, as I say, he\rquote s getting on, he needs looking after, and I think he\rquote s found a definite drop in his home comforts since she left. And then we had the tournament to arrange, and the aftermath of the Cup to deal with \emdash  that revolt\-ing Skeeter woman buzzing around \emdash  no, poor man, he\rquote s having a well earned, quiet Christmas. I\rquote m just glad he knew he had some\-one he could rely upon to take his place.\rdblquote\par
Harry wanted very much to ask whether Mr. Crouch had stopped calling Percy \ldblquote Weatherby\rdblquote  yet, but resisted the temptation.\par
There was no food as yet on the glittering golden plates, but small menus were lying in front of each of them. Harry picked his up uncertainly and looked around \emdash  there were no waiters. Dum\-bledore, however, looked carefully down at his own menu, then said very clearly to his plate, \ldblquote Pork chops!\rdblquote\par
And pork chops appeared. Getting the idea, the rest of the table placed their orders with their plates too. Harry glanced up at Hermione to see how she felt about this new and more compli\-cated method of dining \emdash  surely it meant plenty of extra work for the house-elves? \emdash  but for once, Hermione didn\rquote t seem to be thinking about S.P.E.W. She was deep in talk with Viktor Krum and hardly seemed to notice what she was eating.\par
It now occurred to Harry that he had never actually heard Krum speak before, but he was certainly talking now, and very enthusias\-tically at that.\par
\ldblquote Veil, ve have a castle also, not as big as this, nor as comfortable, I am thinking,\rdblquote  he was telling Hermione. \ldblquote Ve have just four floors, and the fires are lit only for magical purposes. But ve have grounds larger even than these \emdash  though in vinter, ve have very little day\-light, so ve are not enjoying them. But in summer ve are flying every day, over the lakes and the mountains \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Now, now, Viktor!\rdblquote  said Karkaroff with a laugh that didn\rquote t reach his cold eyes, \ldblquote don\rquote t go giving away anything else, now, or your charming friend will know exactly where to find us!\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore smiled, his eyes twinkling. \ldblquote Igor, all this secrecy \'85 one would almost think you didn\rquote t want visitors.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff, displaying his yellowing teeth to their fullest extent, \ldblquote we are all protective of our private domains, are we not? Do we not jealously guard the halls of learn\-ing that have been entrusted to us? Are we not right to be proud that we alone know our school\rquote s secrets, and right to protect them?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh I would never dream of assuming I know all Hogwarts\rquote  se\-crets, Igor,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore amicably. \ldblquote Only this morning, for instance, I took a wrong turning on the way to the bathroom and found myself in a beautifully proportioned room I have never seen before, containing a really rather magnificent collection of cham\-ber pots. When I went back to investigate more closely, I discov\-ered that the room had vanished. But I must keep an eye out for it. Possibly it is only accessible at five-thirty in the morning. Or it may only appear at the quarter moon \emdash  or when the seeker has an ex\-ceptionally full bladder.\rdblquote\par
Harry snorted into his plate of goulash. Percy frowned, but Harry could have sworn Dumbledore had given him a very small wink.\par
Meanwhile Fleur Delacour was criticizing the Hogwarts decora\-tions to Roger Davies.\par
\ldblquote Zis is nothing,\rdblquote  she said dismissively, looking around at the sparkling walls of the Great Hall. \ldblquote At ze Palace of Beauxbatons, we \rquote ave ice sculptures all around ze dining chamber at Chreestmas. Zey do not melt, of course \'85 zey are like \rquote uge statues of diamond, glittering around ze place. And ze food is seemply superb. And we \rquote ave choirs of wood nymphs, \rquote oo serenade us as we eat. We \rquote ave none of zis ugly armor in ze \rquote alls, and eef a poltergeist ever entaired into Beauxbatons, \rquote e would be expelled like \i zat.\i0\rdblquote  She slapped her hand onto the table impatiently.\par
Roger Davies was watching her talk with a very dazed look on his face, and he kept missing his mouth with his fork. Harry had the impression that Davies was too busy staring at Fleur to take in a word she was saying.\par
\ldblquote Absolutely right,\rdblquote  he said quickly, slapping his own hand down on the table in imitation of Fleur. \ldblquote Like \i that.\i0  Yeah.\rdblquote\par
Harry looked around the Hall. Hagrid was sitting at one of the other staff tables; he was back in his horrible hairy brown suit and gazing up at the top table. Harry saw him give a small wave, and looking around, saw Madame Maxime return it, her opals glitter\-ing in the candlelight.\par
Hermione was now teaching Krum to say her name properly; he kept calling her \ldblquote Hermy-own.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Her-my-oh-nee,\rdblquote  she said slowly and clearly.\par
\ldblquote Herm-own-ninny.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Close enough,\rdblquote  she said, catching Harry\rquote s eye and grinning.\par
When all the food had been consumed, Dumbledore stood up and asked the students to do the same. Then, with a wave of his wand, all the tables zoomed back along the walls leaving the floor clear, and then he conjured a raised platform into existence along the right wall. A set of drums, several guitars, a lute, a cello, and some bagpipes were set upon it.\par
The Weird Sisters now trooped up onto the stage to wildly en\-thusiastic applause; they were all extremely hairy and dressed in black robes that had been artfully ripped and torn. They picked up their instruments, and Harry, who had been so interested in watch\-ing them that he had almost forgotten what was coming, suddenly realized that the lanterns on all the other tables had gone out, and that the other champions and their partners were standing up.\par
\ldblquote Come on!\rdblquote  Parvati hissed. \ldblquote We\rquote re supposed to dance!\rdblquote\par
Harry tripped over his dress robes as he stood up. The Weird Sis\-ters struck up a slow, mournful tune; Harry walked onto the brightly lit dance floor, carefully avoiding catching anyone\rquote s eye (he could see Seamus and Dean waving at him and sniggering), and next moment, Parvati had seized his hands, placed one around her waist, and was holding the other tightly in hers.\par
It wasn\rquote t as bad as it could have been, Harry thought, revolving slowly on the spot (Parvati was steering). He kept his eyes fixed over the heads of the watching people, and very soon many of them too had come onto the dance floor, so that the champions were no longer the center of attention. Neville and Ginny were dancing nearby \emdash  he could see Ginny wincing frequently as Neville trod on her feet \emdash  and Dumbledore was waltzing with Madame Maxime. He was so dwarfed by her that the top of his pointed hat barely tickled her chin; however, she moved very gracefully for a woman so large. Mad-Eye Moody was doing an extremely ungainly two-step with Professor Sinistra, who was nervously avoiding his wooden leg.\par
\ldblquote Nice socks, Potter,\rdblquote  Moody growled as he passed, his magical eye staring through Harry\rquote s robes.\par
\ldblquote Oh \emdash  yeah, Dobby the house-elf knitted them for me,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning.\par
\ldblquote He is so \i creepy\i0 !\rdblquote  Parvati whispered as Moody clunked away. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think that eye should be \i allowed\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Harry heard the final, quavering note from the bagpipe with re\-lief. The Weird Sisters stopped playing, applause filled the hall once more, and Harry let go of Parvati at once.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s sit down, shall we?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh \emdash  but \emdash  this is a really good one!\rdblquote  Parvati said as the Weird Sisters struck up a new song, which was much faster.\par
\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t like it,\rdblquote  Harry lied, and he led her away from the dance floor, past Fred and Angelina, who were dancing so exhuberantly that people around them were backing away in fear of injury, and over to the table where Ron and Padma were sitting.\par
\ldblquote How\rquote s it going?\rdblquote  Harry asked Ron, sitting down and opening a bottle of butterbeer.\par
Ron didn\rquote t answer. He was glaring at Hermione and Krum, who were dancing nearby. Padma was sitting with her arms and legs crossed, one foot jiggling in time to the music. Every now and then she threw a disgruntled look at Ron, who was completely ignoring her. Parvati sat down on Harry\rquote s other side, crossed her arms and legs too, and within minutes was asked to dance by a boy from Beauxbatons.\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t mind, do you, Harry?\rdblquote  Parvati said.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry, who was now watching Cho and Cedric.\par
\ldblquote Oh never mind,\rdblquote  snapped Parvati, and she went off with the boy from Beauxbatons. When the song ended, she did not return.\par
Hermione came over and sat down in Parvati\rquote s empty chair. She was a bit pink in the face from dancing.\par
\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Harry. Ron didn\rquote t say anything.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s hot, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Hermione, fanning herself with her hand. \ldblquote Viktor\rquote s just gone to get some drinks.\rdblquote\par
Ron gave her a withering look. \ldblquote\i Viktor\i0 ?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Hasn\rquote t he asked you to call him \i Vicky\i0  yet?\rdblquote\par
Hermione looked at him in surprise. \ldblquote What\rquote s up with you?\rdblquote  she said.\par
\ldblquote If you don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Ron scathingly, \ldblquote I\rquote m not going to tell you.\rdblquote\par
Hermione stared at him, then at Harry, who shrugged.\par
\ldblquote Ron, what \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s from Durmstrang!\rdblquote  spat Ron. \ldblquote He\rquote s competing against Harry! Against Hogwarts! You \emdash  you\rquote re \emdash\rdblquote  Ron was obviously casting around for words strong enough to describe Hermione\rquote s crime, \ldblquote\i fraternizing with the enemy,\i0  that\rquote s what you\rquote re doing!\rdblquote\par
Hermione\rquote s mouth fell open.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be so stupid!\rdblquote  she said after a moment. \ldblquote The \i enemy\i0 ! Honestly \emdash  who was the one who was all excited when they saw him arrive? Who was the one who wanted his autograph? Who\rquote s got a model of him up in their dormitory?\rdblquote\par
Ron chose to ignore this. \ldblquote I s\rquote pose he asked you to come with him while you were both in the library?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, he did,\rdblquote  said Hermione, the pink patches on her cheeks glowing more brightly. \ldblquote So what?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What happened \emdash  trying to get him to join \i spew,\i0  were you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, I wasn\rquote t! If you \i really\i0  want to know, he \emdash  he said he\rquote d been coming up to the library every day to try and talk to me, but he hadn\rquote t been able to pluck up the courage!\rdblquote\par
Hermione said this very quickly, and blushed so deeply that she was the same color as Parvati\rquote s robes.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, well \emdash  that\rquote s his story,\rdblquote  said Ron nastily.\par
\ldblquote And what\rquote s that supposed to mean?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Obvious, isn\rquote t it? He\rquote s Karkaroff\rquote s student, isn\rquote t he? He knows who you hang around with. \'85 He\rquote s just trying to get closer to Harry \emdash  get inside information on him \emdash  or get near enough to jinx him \emdash\rdblquote\par
Hermione looked as though Ron had slapped her. When she spoke, her voice quivered.\par
\ldblquote For your information, he hasn\rquote t asked me \i one single thing\i0  about Harry, not one \emdash\rdblquote\par
Ron changed tack at the speed of light.\par
\ldblquote Then he\rquote s hoping you\rquote ll help him find out what his egg means! I suppose you\rquote ve been putting your heads together during those cozy little library sessions \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote d \i never\i0  help him work out that egg!\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking outraged. \ldblquote\i Never.\i0  How could you say something like that \emdash  I want Harry to win the tournament, Harry knows that, don\rquote t you, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve got a funny way of showing it,\rdblquote  sneered Ron.\par
\ldblquote This whole tournament\rquote s supposed to be about getting to know foreign wizards and making friends with them!\rdblquote  said Hermione hotly.\par
\ldblquote No it isn\rquote t!\rdblquote  shouted Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s about winning!\rdblquote\par
People were starting to stare at them.\par
\ldblquote Ron,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly, \ldblquote I haven\rquote t got a problem with Hermione coming with Krum \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Ron ignored Harry too.\par
\ldblquote Why don\rquote t you go and find Vicky, he\rquote ll be wondering where you are,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote\i Don\rquote t call him Vicky\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Hermione jumped to her feet and stormed off across the dance floor, disappearing into the crowd. Ron watched her go with a mix\-ture of anger and satisfaction on his face.\par
\ldblquote Are you going to ask me to dance at all?\rdblquote  Padma asked him.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron, still glaring after Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  snapped Padma, and she got up and went to join Parvati and the Beauxbatons boy, who conjured up one of his friends to join them so fast that Harry could have sworn he had zoomed him there by a Summoning Charm.\par
\ldblquote Vare is Herm-own-ninny?\rdblquote  said a voice.\par
Krum had just arrived at their table clutching two butterbeers.\par
\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  said Ron mulishly, looking up at him. \ldblquote Lost her, have you?\rdblquote\par
Krum was looking surly again.\par
\ldblquote Veil, if you see her, tell her I haff drinks,\rdblquote  he said, and he slouched off.\par
\ldblquote Made friends with Viktor Krum, have you, Ron?\rdblquote\par
Percy had bustled over, rubbing his hands together and looking extremely pompous. \ldblquote Excellent! That\rquote s the whole point, you know \emdash  international magical cooperation!\rdblquote\par
To Harry\rquote s displeasure, Percy now took Padma\rquote s vacated seat. The top table was now empty; Professor Dumbledore was dancing with Professor Sprout, Ludo Bagman with Professor McGonagall; Madame Maxime and Hagrid were cutting a wide path around the dance floor as they waltzed through the students, and Karkaroff was nowhere to be seen. When the next song ended, everybody ap\-plauded once more, and Harry saw Ludo Bagman kiss Professor McGonagall\rquote s hand and make his way back through the crowds, at which point Fred and George accosted him.\par
\ldblquote What do they think they\rquote re doing, annoying senior Ministry members?\rdblquote  Percy hissed, watching Fred and George suspiciously. \ldblquote\i No\i0  respect \'85\rdblquote\par
Ludo Bagman shook off Fred and George fairly quickly, how\-ever, and, spotting Harry, waved and came over to their table.\par
\ldblquote I hope my brothers weren\rquote t bothering you, Mr. Bagman?\rdblquote  said Percy at once.\par
\ldblquote What? Oh not at all, not at all!\rdblquote  said Bagman. \ldblquote No, they were just telling me a bit more about those fake wands of theirs. Won\-dering if I could advise them on the marketing. I\rquote ve promised to put them in touch with a couple of contacts of mine at Zonko\rquote s Joke Shop. \'85\rdblquote\par
Percy didn\rquote t look happy about this at all, and Harry was prepared to bet he would be rushing to tell Mrs. Weasley about this the mo\-ment he got home. Apparently Fred and George\rquote s plans had grown even more ambitious lately, if they were hoping to sell to the pub\-lic. Bagman opened his mouth to ask Harry something, but Percy diverted him.\par
\ldblquote How do you feel the tournament\rquote s going, Mr. Bagman? \i Our \i0 department\rquote s quite satisfied \emdash  the hitch with the Goblet of Fire\rdblquote  \emdash  he glanced at Harry \emdash  \ldblquote was a little unfortunate, of course, but it seems to have gone very smoothly since, don\rquote t you think?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  Bagman said cheerfully, \ldblquote it\rquote s all been enormous fun. How\rquote s old Barty doing? Shame he couldn\rquote t come.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh I\rquote m sure Mr. Crouch will be up and about in no time,\rdblquote  said Percy importantly, \ldblquote but in the meantime, I\rquote m more than willing to take up the slack. Of course, it\rquote s not all attending balls\rdblquote  \emdash  he laughed airily \emdash  \ldblquote oh no, I\rquote ve had to deal with all sorts of things that have cropped up in his absence \emdash  you heard Ali Bashir was caught smuggling a consignment of flying carpets into the coun\-try? And then we\rquote ve been trying to persuade the Transylvanians to sign the International Ban on Dueling. I\rquote ve got a meeting with their Head of Magical Cooperation in the new year \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s go for a walk,\rdblquote  Ron muttered to Harry, \ldblquote get away from Percy. \'85\rdblquote\par
Pretending they wanted more drinks, Harry and Ron left the table, edged around the dance floor, and slipped out into the en\-trance hall. The front doors stood open, and the fluttering fairy lights in the rose garden winked and twinkled as they went down the front steps, where they found themselves surrounded by bushes; winding, ornamental paths; and large stone statues. Harry could hear splashing water, which sounded like a fountain. Here and there, people were sitting on carved benches. He and Ron set off along one of the winding paths through the rosebushes, but they had gone only a short way when they heard an unpleasantly familiar voice.\par
\ldblquote\'85 don\rquote t see what there is to fuss about, Igor.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Severus, you cannot pretend this isn\rquote t happening!\rdblquote  Karkaroff\rquote s voice sounded anxious and hushed, as though keen not to be over\-heard. \ldblquote It\rquote s been getting clearer and clearer for months. I am be\-coming seriously concerned, I can\rquote t deny it \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then flee,\rdblquote  said Snape\rquote s voice curtly. \ldblquote Flee \emdash  I will make your excuses. I, however, am remaining at Hogwarts.\rdblquote\par
Snape and Karkaroff came around the corner. Snape had his wand out and was blasting rosebushes apart, his expression most ill-natured. Squeals issued from many of the bushes, and dark shapes emerged from them.\par
\ldblquote Ten points from Ravenclaw, Fawcett!\rdblquote  Snape snarled as a girl ran past him. \ldblquote And ten points from Hufflepuff too, Stebbins!\rdblquote  as a boy went rushing after her. \ldblquote And what are you two doing?\rdblquote  he added, catching sight of Harry and Ron on the path ahead. Karkaroff, Harry saw, looked slightly discomposed to see them standing there. His hand went nervously to his goatee, and he began winding it around his finger.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re walking,\rdblquote  Ron told Snape shortly. \ldblquote Not against the law, is it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Keep walking, then!\rdblquote  Snape snarled, and he brushed past them, his long black cloak billowing out behind him. Karkaroff hurried away after Snape. Harry and Ron continued down the path.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s got Karkaroff all worried?\rdblquote  Ron muttered.\par
\ldblquote And since when have he and Snape been on first-name terms?\rdblquote  said Harry slowly.\par
They had reached a large stone reindeer now, over which they could see the sparkling jets of a tall fountain. The shadowy out\-lines of two enormous people were visible on a stone bench, watching the water in the moonlight. And then Harry heard Hagrid speak.\par
\ldblquote Momen\rquote  I saw yeh, I knew,\rdblquote  he was saying, in an oddly husky voice.\par
Harry and Ron froze. This didn\rquote t sound like the sort of scene they ought to walk in on, somehow. \'85 Harry looked around, back up the path, and saw Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies stand\-ing half-concealed in a rosebush nearby. He tapped Ron on the shoulder and jerked his head toward them, meaning that they could easily sneak off that way without being noticed (Fleur and Davies looked very busy to Harry), but Ron, eyes widening in hor\-ror at the sight of Fleur, shook his head vigorously, and pulled Harry deeper into the shadows behind the reindeer.\par
\ldblquote What did you know, \rquote Agrid?\rdblquote  said Madame Maxime, a purr in her low voice.\par
Harry definitely didn\rquote t want to listen to this; he knew Hagrid would hate to be overheard in a situation like this (he certainly would have) \emdash  if it had been possible he would have put his fin\-gers in his ears and hummed loudly, but that wasn\rquote t really an op\-tion. Instead he tried to interest himself in a beetle crawling along the stone reindeer\rquote s back, but the beetle just wasn\rquote t interesting enough to block out Hagrid\rquote s next words.\par
\ldblquote I jus\rquote  knew \'85 knew you were like me. \'85 Was it yer mother or yer father?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  I don\rquote t know what you mean, \rquote Agrid. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It was my mother,\rdblquote  said Hagrid quietly. \ldblquote She was one o\rquote  the las\rquote  ones in Britain. \rquote Course, I can\rquote  remember her too well \'85 she left, see. When I was abou\rquote  three. She wasn\rquote  really the maternal sort. Well \'85 it\rquote s not in their natures, is it? Dunno what happened to her \'85 might be dead fer all I know. \'85\rdblquote\par
Madame Maxime didn\rquote t say anything. And Harry, in spite of himself, took his eyes off the beetle and looked over the top of the reindeer\rquote s antlers, listening. \'85 He had never heard Hagrid talk about his childhood before.\par
\ldblquote Me dad was broken-hearted when she wen\rquote . Tiny little bloke, my dad was. By the time I was six I could lift him up an\rquote  put him on top o\rquote  the dresser if he annoyed me. Used ter make him laugh. \'85\rdblquote  Hagrid\rquote s deep voice broke. Madame Maxime was lis\-tening, motionless, apparently staring at the silvery fountain. \ldblquote Dad raised me \'85 but he died, o\rquote  course, jus\rquote  after I started school. Sorta had ter make me own way after that. Dumbledore was a real help, mind. Very kind ter me, he was. \'85\rdblquote\par
Hagrid pulled out a large spotted silk handkerchief and blew his nose heavily.\par
\ldblquote So \'85 anyway \'85 enough abou\rquote  me. What about you? Which side you got it on?\rdblquote\par
But Madame Maxime had suddenly got to her feet.\par
\ldblquote It is chilly,\rdblquote  she said \emdash  but whatever the weather was doing, it was nowhere near as cold as her voice. \ldblquote I think I will go in now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Eh?\rdblquote  said Hagrid blankly. \ldblquote No, don\rquote  go! I\rquote ve \emdash  I\rquote ve never met another one before!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Anuzzer \i what,\i0  precisely?\rdblquote  said Madame Maxime, her tone icy.\par
Harry could have told Hagrid it was best not to answer; he stood there in the shadows gritting his teeth, hoping against hope he wouldn\rquote t \emdash  but it was no good.\par
\ldblquote Another half-giant, o\rquote  course!\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Ow dare you!\rdblquote  shrieked Madame Maxime. Her voice exploded through the peaceful night air like a foghorn; behind him, Harry heard Fleur and Roger fall out of their rosebush. \ldblquote I \rquote ave nevair been more insulted in my life! \rquote Alf-giant? \i Moi\i0 ? I \rquote ave \emdash  I \rquote ave big bones!\rdblquote\par
She stormed away; great multicolored swarms of fairies rose into the air as she passed, angrily pushing aside bushes. Hagrid was still sitting on the bench, staring after her. It was much too dark to make out his expression. Then, after about a minute, he stood up and strode away, not back to the castle, but off out into the dark grounds in the direction of his cabin.\par
\ldblquote C\rquote mon,\rdblquote  Harry said, very quietly to Ron. \ldblquote Let\rquote s go. \'85\rdblquote\par
But Ron didn\rquote t move.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s up?\rdblquote  said Harry, looking at him.\par
Ron looked around at Harry, his expression very serious indeed.\par
\ldblquote Did you know?\rdblquote  he whispered. \ldblquote About Hagrid being half-giant?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Harry said, shrugging. \ldblquote So what?\rdblquote\par
He knew immediately, from the look Ron was giving him, that he was once again revealing his ignorance of the wizarding world. Brought up by the Dursleys, there were many things that wizards took for granted that were revelations to Harry, but these surprises had become fewer with each successive year. Now, however, he could tell that most wizards would not have said \ldblquote So what?\rdblquote  upon finding out that one of their friends had a giantess for a mother.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll explain inside,\rdblquote  said Ron quietly, \ldblquote c\rquote mon. \'85\rdblquote\par
Fleur and Roger Davies had disappeared, probably into a more private clump of bushes. Harry and Ron returned to the Great Hall. Parvati and Padma were now sitting at a distant table with a whole crowd of Beauxbatons boys, and Hermione was once more dancing with Krum. Harry and Ron sat down at a table far re\-moved from the dance floor.\par
\ldblquote So?\rdblquote  Harry prompted Ron. \ldblquote What\rquote s the problem with giants?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, they\rquote re \'85 they\rquote re \'85\rdblquote  Ron struggled for words. \ldblquote\'85 not very nice,\rdblquote  he finished lamely.\par
\ldblquote Who cares?\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote There\rquote s nothing wrong with Hagrid!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I know there isn\rquote t, but \'85 blimey, no wonder he keeps it quiet,\rdblquote  Ron said, shaking his head. \ldblquote I always thought he\rquote d got in the way of a bad Engorgement Charm when he was a kid or some\-thing. Didn\rquote t like to mention it. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But what\rquote s it matter if his mother was a giantess?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Well \'85 no one who knows him will care, \rquote cos they\rquote ll know he\rquote s not dangerous,\rdblquote  said Ron slowly. \ldblquote But \'85 Harry, they\rquote re just vicious, giants. It\rquote s like Hagrid said, it\rquote s in their natures, they\rquote re like trolls \'85 they just like killing, everyone knows that. There aren\rquote t any left in Britain now, though.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What happened to them?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, they were dying out anyway, and then loads got them\-selves killed by Aurors. There\rquote re supposed to be giants abroad, though. \'85 They hide out in mountains mostly. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know who Maxime thinks she\rquote s kidding,\rdblquote  Harry said, watching Madame Maxime sitting alone at the judges\rquote  table, looking very somber. \ldblquote If Hagrid\rquote s half-giant, she definitely is. Big bones \'85 the only thing that\rquote s got bigger bones than her is a dinosaur.\rdblquote\par
Harry and Ron spent the rest of the ball discussing giants in their corner, neither of them having any inclination to dance. Harry tried not to watch Cho and Cedric too much; it gave him a strong desire to kick something.\par
When the Weird Sisters finished playing at midnight, everyone gave them a last, loud round of applause and started to wend their way into the entrance hall. Many people were expressing the wish that the ball could have gone on longer, but Harry was perfectly happy to be going to bed; as far as he was concerned, the evening hadn\rquote t been much fun.\par
Out in the entrance hall, Harry and Ron saw Hermione saying good night to Krum before he went back to the Durmstrang ship. She gave Ron a very cold look and swept past him up the marble staircase without speaking. Harry and Ron followed her, but halfway up the staircase Harry heard someone calling him.\par
\ldblquote Hey \emdash  Harry!\rdblquote\par
It was Cedric Diggory. Harry could see Cho waiting for him in the entrance hall below.\par
\ldblquote Yeah?\rdblquote  said Harry coldly as Cedric ran up the stairs toward him.\par
Cedric looked as though he didn\rquote t want to say whatever it was in front of Ron, who shrugged, looking bad-tempered, and continued to climb the stairs.\par
\ldblquote Listen \'85\rdblquote  Cedric lowered his voice as Ron disappeared. \ldblquote I owe you one for telling me about the dragons. You know that golden egg? Does yours wail when you open it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Well \'85 take a bath, okay?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Take a bath, and \emdash  er \emdash  take the egg with you, and \emdash  er \emdash  just mull things over in the hot water. It\rquote ll help you think. \'85 Trust me.\par
Harry stared at him.\par
\ldblquote Tell you what,\rdblquote  Cedric said, \ldblquote use the prefects\rquote  bathroom. Fourth door to the left of that statue of Boris the Bewildered on the fifth floor. Password\rquote s \lquote pine fresh.\rquote  Gotta go \'85 want to say good night \emdash\rdblquote\par
He grinned at Harry again and hurried back down the stairs to Cho.\par
Harry walked back to Gryffindor Tower alone. That had been extremely strange advice. Why would a bath help him to work out what the wailing egg meant? Was Cedric pulling his leg? Was he trying to make Harry look like a fool, so Cho would like him even more by comparison?\par
The Fat Lady and her friend Vi were snoozing in the picture over the portrait hole. Harry had to yell \ldblquote Fairy lights!\rdblquote  before he woke them up, and when he did, they were extremely irritated. He climbed into the common room and found Ron and Hermione having a blazing row. Standing ten feet apart, they were bellowing at each other, each scarlet in the face.\par
\ldblquote Well, if you don\rquote t like it, you know what the solution is, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote  yelled Hermione; her hair was coming down out of its ele\-gant bun now, and her face was screwed up in anger.\par
\ldblquote Oh yeah?\rdblquote  Ron yelled back. \ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Next time there\rquote s a ball, ask me before someone else does, and not as a last resort!\rdblquote\par
Ron mouthed soundlessly like a goldfish out of water as Hermione turned on her heel and stormed up the girls\rquote  staircase to bed. Ron turned to look at Harry.\par
\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  he sputtered, looking thunderstruck, \ldblquote well \emdash  that just proves \emdash  completely missed the point \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t say anything. He liked being back on speaking terms with Ron too much to speak his mind right now \emdash  but he somehow thought that Hermione had gotten the point much bet\-ter than Ron had.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Rita Skeeter\rquote s Scoop\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Everybody got up late on Boxing Day. The Gryffindor com\-mon room was much quieter than it had been lately, many yawns punctuating the lazy conversations. Hermione\rquote s hair was bushy again; she confessed to Harry that she had used liberal amounts of Sleekeazy\rquote s Hair Potion on it for the ball, \ldblquote but it\rquote s way too much bother to do every day,\rdblquote  she said matter-of-factly, scratching a purring Crookshanks behind the ears.\par
Ron and Hermione seemed to have reached an unspoken agree\-ment not to discuss their argument. They were being quite friendly to each other, though oddly formal. Ron and Harry wasted no time in telling Hermione about the conversation they had overheard be\-tween Madame Maxime and Hagrid, but Hermione didn\rquote t seem to find the news that Hagrid was a half-giant nearly as shocking as Ron did.\par
\ldblquote Well, I thought he must be,\rdblquote  she said, shrugging. \ldblquote I knew he couldn\rquote t be pure giant because they\rquote re about twenty feet tall. But honestly, all this hysteria about giants. They can\rquote t \i all\i0  be horri\-ble. \'85 It\rquote s the same sort of prejudice that people have toward werewolves. \'85 It\rquote s just bigotry, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\par
Ron looked as though he would have liked to reply scathingly, but perhaps he didn\rquote t want another row, because he contented him\-self with shaking his head disbelievingly while Hermione wasn\rquote t looking.\par
It was time now to think of the homework they had neglected during the first week of the holidays. Everybody seemed to be feel\-ing rather flat now that Christmas was over \emdash  everybody except Harry, that is, who was starting (once again) to feel slightly nervous.\par
The trouble was that February the twenty-fourth looked a lot closer from this side of Christmas, and he still hadn\rquote t done any\-thing about working out the clue inside the golden egg. He there\-fore started taking the egg out of his trunk every time he went up to the dormitory, opening it, and listening intently, hoping that this time it would make some sense. He strained to think what the sound reminded him of, apart from thirty musical saws, but he had never heard anything else like it. He closed the egg, shook it vigor\-ously, and opened it again to see if the sound had changed, but it hadn\rquote t. He tried asking the egg questions, shouting over all the wailing, but nothing happened. He even threw the egg across the room \emdash  though he hadn\rquote t really expected that to help.\par
Harry had not forgotten the hint that Cedric had given him, but his less-than-friendly feelings toward Cedric just now meant that he was keen not to take his help if he could avoid it. In any case, it seemed to him that if Cedric had really wanted to give Harry a hand, he would have been a lot more explicit. He, Harry, had told Cedric exactly what was coming in the first task \emdash  and Cedric\rquote s idea of a fair exchange had been to tell Harry to take a bath. Well, he didn\rquote t need that sort of rubbishy help \emdash  not from someone who kept walking down corridors hand in hand with Cho, anyway. And so the first day of the new term arrived, and Harry set off to lessons, weighed down with books, parchment, and quills as usual, but also with the lurking worry of the egg heavy in his stomach, as though he were carrying that around with him too.\par
Snow was still thick upon the grounds, and the greenhouse win\-dows were covered in condensation so thick that they couldn\rquote t see out of them in Herbology. Nobody was looking forward to Care of Magical Creatures much in this weather, though as Ron said, the skrewts would probably warm them up nicely, either by chasing them, or blasting off so forcefully that Hagrid\rquote s cabin would catch fire.\par
When they arrived at Hagrid\rquote s cabin, however, they found an el\-derly witch with closely cropped gray hair and a very prominent chin standing before his front door.\par
\ldblquote Hurry up, now, the bell rang five minutes ago,\rdblquote  she barked at them as they struggled toward her through the snow.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote re you?\rdblquote  said Ron, staring at her. \ldblquote Where\rquote s Hagrid?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My name is Professor Grubbly-Plank,\rdblquote  she said briskly. \ldblquote I am your temporary Care of Magical Creatures teacher.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Where\rquote s Hagrid?\rdblquote  Harry repeated loudly.\par
\ldblquote He is indisposed,\rdblquote  said Professor Grubbly-Plank shortly.\par
Soft and unpleasant laughter reached Harry\rquote s ears. He turned; Draco Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherins were joining the class. All of them looked gleeful, and none of them looked surprised to see Professor Grubbly-Plank.\par
\ldblquote This way, please,\rdblquote  said Professor Grubbly-Plank, and she strode off around the paddock where the Beauxbatons horses were shiver\-ing. Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed her, looking back over their shoulders at Hagrid\rquote s cabin. All the curtains were closed. Was Hagrid in there, alone and ill?\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong with Hagrid?\rdblquote  Harry said, hurrying to catch up with Professor Grubbly-Plank.\par
\ldblquote Never you mind,\rdblquote  she said as though she thought he was being nosy.\par
\ldblquote I do mind, though,\rdblquote  said Harry hotly. \ldblquote What\rquote s up with him?\rdblquote\par
Professor Grubbly-Plank acted as though she couldn\rquote t hear him. She led them past the paddock where the huge Beauxbatons horses were standing, huddled against the cold, and toward a tree on the edge of the forest, where a large and beautiful unicorn was tethered.\par
Many of the girls \ldblquote ooooohed!\rdblquote  at the sight of the unicorn.\par
\ldblquote Oh it\rquote s so beautiful!\rdblquote  whispered Lavender Brown. \ldblquote How did she get it? They\rquote re supposed to be really hard to catch!\rdblquote\par
The unicorn was so brightly white it made the snow all around look gray. It was pawing the ground nervously with its golden hooves and throwing back its horned head.\par
\ldblquote Boys keep back!\rdblquote  barked Professor Grubbly-Plank, throwing out an arm and catching Harry hard in the chest. \ldblquote They prefer the woman\rquote s touch, unicorns. Girls to the front, and approach with care, come on, easy does it. \'85\rdblquote\par
She and the girls walked slowly forward toward the unicorn, leaving the boys standing near the paddock fence, watching. The moment Professor Grubbly-Plank was out of earshot, Harry turned to Ron.\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon\rquote s wrong with him? You don\rquote t think a skrewt \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh he hasn\rquote t been attacked, Potter, if that\rquote s what you\rquote re think\-ing,\rdblquote  said Malfoy softly. \ldblquote No, he\rquote s just too ashamed to show his big, ugly face.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  said Harry sharply.\par
Malfoy put his hand inside the pocket of his robes and pulled out a folded page of newsprint.\par
\ldblquote There you go,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Hate to break it to you, Potter. \'85\rdblquote\par
He smirked as Harry snatched the page, unfolded it, and read it, with Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville looking over his shoulder. It was an article topped with a picture of Hagrid looking extremely shifty.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc DUMBLEDORE\rquote S GIANT MISTAKE\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj Albus Dumbledore, eccentric Headmaster of Hog\-warts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, has never been afraid to make controversial staff appoint\-ments, \i writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent.\i0  In September of this year, he hired Alastor \ldblquote Mad-Eye\rdblquote  Moody, the notoriously jinx-happy ex-Auror, to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts, a decision that caused many raised eyebrows at the Ministry of Magic, given Moody\rquote s well-known habit of at\-tacking anybody who makes a sudden movement in his presence. Mad-Eye Moody, however, looks responsible and kindly when set beside the part-human Dumbledore employs to teach Care of Magical Creatures.\par
Rubeus Hagrid, who admits to being expelled from Hogwarts in his third year, has enjoyed the position of gamekeeper at the school ever since, a job secured for him by Dumbledore. Last year, however, Hagrid used his mysterious influence over the headmaster to secure the additional post of Care of Magical Creatures teacher, over the heads of many better-qualified candidates.\par
An alarmingly large and ferocious-looking man, Hagrid has been using his newfound authority to terrify the students in his care with a succession of horrific creatures. While Dumbledore turns a blind eye, Hagrid has maimed several pupils during a series of lessons that many admit to being \ldblquote very frightening.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I was attacked by a hippogriff, and my friend Vincent Crabbe got a bad bite off a flobberworm,\rdblquote  says Draco Malfoy, a fourth-year student. \ldblquote We all hate Hagrid, but we\rquote re just too scared to say anything.\rdblquote\par
Hagrid has no intention of ceasing his campaign of intimidation, however. In conversation with a \i Daily Prophet\i0  reporter last month, he admitted breeding creatures he has dubbed \ldblquote Blast-Ended Skrewts,\rdblquote  highly dangerous crosses between manti-cores and fire-crabs. The creation of new breeds of magical creature is, of course, an activity usually closely observed by the Department for the Regu\-lation and Control of Magical Creatures. Hagrid, however, considers himself to be above such petty restrictions.\par
\ldblquote I was just having some fun,\rdblquote  he says, before hastily changing the subject.\par
As if this were not enough, the \i Daily Prophet\i0  has now unearthed evidence that Hagrid is not \emdash  as he has always pretended \emdash  a pure-blood wizard. He is not, in fact, even pure human. His mother, we can exclusively reveal, is none other than the giantess Fridwulfa, whose whereabouts are cur\-rently unknown.\par
Bloodthirsty and brutal, the giants brought themselves to the point of extinction by warring amongst themselves during the last century. The handful that remained joined the ranks of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, and were responsible for some of the worst mass Muggle killings of his reign of terror.\par
While many of the giants who served He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named were killed by Aurors work\-ing against the Dark Side, Fridwulfa was not among them. It is possible she escaped to one of the giant communities still existing in foreign mountain ranges. If his antics during Care of Mag\-ical Creatures lessons are any guide, however, Frid\-wulfa\rquote s son appears to have inherited her brutal nature.\par
In a bizarre twist, Hagrid is reputed to have developed a close friendship with the boy who brought around You-Know-Who\rquote s fall from power \emdash  thereby driving Hagrid\rquote s own mother, like the rest of You-Know-Who\rquote s supporters, into hiding. Perhaps Harry Potter is unaware of the un\-pleasant truth about his large friend \emdash  but Albus Dumbledore surely has a duty to ensure that Harry Potter, along with his fellow students, is warned about the dangers of associating with part-giants.\par
\par
Harry finished reading and looked up at Ron, whose mouth was hanging open.\par
\ldblquote How did she find out?\rdblquote  he whispered.\par
But that wasn\rquote t what was bothering Harry.\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, \lquote we all hate Hagrid\rquote ?\rdblquote  Harry spat at Malfoy. \ldblquote What\rquote s this rubbish about \i him\i0\rdblquote  \emdash  he pointed at Crabbe \emdash  \ldblquote get\-ting a bad bite off a flobberworm? They haven\rquote t even got teeth!\rdblquote\par
Crabbe was sniggering, apparently very pleased with himself.\par
\ldblquote Well, I think this should put an end to the oaf\rquote s teaching ca\-reer,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, his eyes glinting. \ldblquote Half-giant \'85 and there was me thinking he\rquote d just swallowed a bottle of Skele-Gro when he was young. \'85 None of the mummies and daddies are going to like this at all. \'85 They\rquote ll be worried he\rquote ll eat their kids, ha, ha. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Are you paying attention over there?\rdblquote\par
Professor Grubbly-Plank\rquote s voice carried over to the boys; the girls were all clustered around the unicorn now, stroking it. Harry was so angry that the \i Daily Prophet\i0  article shook in his hands as he turned to stare unseeingly at the unicorn, whose many magical properties Professor Grubbly-Plank was now enumerating in a loud voice, so that the boys could hear too.\par
\ldblquote I hope she stays, that woman!\rdblquote  said Parvati Patil when the lesson had ended and they were all heading back to the castle for lunch. \ldblquote That\rquote s more what I thought Care of Magical Creatures would be like \'85 proper creatures like unicorns, not monsters. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What about Hagrid?\rdblquote  Harry said angrily as they went up the steps.\par
\ldblquote What about him?\rdblquote  said Parvati in a hard voice. \ldblquote He can still be gamekeeper, can\rquote t he?\rdblquote\par
Parvati had been very cool toward Harry since the ball. He sup\-posed that he ought to have paid her a bit more attention, but she seemed to have had a good time all the same. She was certainly telling anybody who would listen that she had made arrangements to meet the boy from Beauxbatons in Hogsmeade on the next weekend trip.\par
\ldblquote That was a really good lesson,\rdblquote  said Hermione as they entered the Great Hall. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t know half the things Professor Grubbly-Plank told us about uni \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Look at this!\rdblquote  Harry snarled, and he shoved the \i Daily Prophet \i0 article under Hermione\rquote s nose.\par
Hermione\rquote s mouth fell open as she read. Her reaction was ex\-actly the same as Ron\rquote s.\par
\ldblquote How did that horrible Skeeter woman find out? You don\rquote t think Hagrid \i told\i0  her?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, leading the way over to the Gryffindor table and throwing himself into a chair, furious. \ldblquote He never even told us, did he? I reckon she was so mad he wouldn\rquote t give her loads of hor\-rible stuff about me, she went ferreting around to get him back.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe she heard him telling Madame Maxime at the ball,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote d have seen her in the garden!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Anyway, she\rquote s not supposed to come into school anymore, Hagrid said Dumbledore banned her. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe she\rquote s got an Invisibility Cloak,\rdblquote  said Harry, ladling chicken casserole onto his plate and splashing it everywhere in his anger. \ldblquote Sort of thing she\rquote d do, isn\rquote t it, hide in bushes listening to people.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Like you and Ron did, you mean,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote We weren\rquote t trying to hear him!\rdblquote  said Ron indignantly. \ldblquote We didn\rquote t have any choice! The stupid prat, talking about his giantess mother where anyone could have heard him!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ve got to go and see him,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote This evening, after Divination. Tell him we want him back \'85 you \i do\i0  want him back?\rdblquote  he shot at Hermione.\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  well, I\rquote m not going to pretend it didn\rquote t make a nice change, having a proper Care of Magical Creatures lesson for once \emdash  but I do want Hagrid back, of course I do!\rdblquote  Hermione added hastily, quailing under Harry\rquote s furious stare.\par
So that evening after dinner, the three of them left the castle once more and went down through the frozen grounds to Hagrid\rquote s cabin. They knocked, and Fang\rquote s booming barks answered.\par
\ldblquote Hagrid, it\rquote s us!\rdblquote  Harry shouted, pounding on the door. \ldblquote Open up!\par
Hagrid didn\rquote t answer. They could hear Fang scratching at the door, whining, but it didn\rquote t open. They hammered on it for ten more minutes; Ron even went and banged on one of the windows, but there was no response.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s he avoiding \i us\i0  for?\rdblquote  Hermione said when they had finally given up and were walking back to the school. \ldblquote He surely doesn\rquote t think we\rquote d care about him being half-giant?\rdblquote\par
But it seemed that Hagrid did care. They didn\rquote t see a sign of him all week. He didn\rquote t appear at the staff table at mealtimes, they didn\rquote t see him going about his gamekeeper duties on the grounds, and Pro\-fessor Grubbly-Plank continued to take the Care of Magical Crea\-tures classes. Malfoy was gloating at every possible opportunity.\par
\ldblquote Missing your half-breed pal?\rdblquote  he kept whispering to Harry whenever there was a teacher around, so that he was safe from Harry\rquote s retaliation. \ldblquote Missing the elephant-man?\rdblquote\par
There was a Hogsmeade visit halfway through January. Hermi\-one was very surprised that Harry was going to go.\par
\ldblquote I just thought you\rquote d want to take advantage of the common room being quiet,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Really get to work on that egg.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh I \emdash  I reckon I\rquote ve got a pretty good idea what it\rquote s about now,\rdblquote  Harry lied.\par
\ldblquote Have you really?\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking impressed. \ldblquote Well done!\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s insides gave a guilty squirm, but he ignored them. He still had five weeks to work out that egg clue, after all, and that was ages \'85 whereas if he went into Hogsmeade, he might run into Hagrid, and get a chance to persuade him to come back.\par
He, Ron, and Hermione left the castle together on Saturday and set off through the cold, wet grounds toward the gates. As they passed the Durmstrang ship moored in the lake, they saw Viktor Krum emerge onto the deck, dressed in nothing but swimming trunks. He was very skinny indeed, but apparently a lot tougher than he looked, because he climbed up onto the side of the ship, stretched out his arms, and dived, right into the lake.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s mad!\rdblquote  said Harry, staring at Krum\rquote s dark head as it bobbed out into the middle of the lake. \ldblquote It must be freezing, it\rquote s January!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a lot colder where he comes from,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I sup\-pose it feels quite warm to him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, but there\rquote s still the giant squid,\rdblquote  said Ron. He didn\rquote t sound anxious \emdash  if anything, he sounded hopeful. Hermione no\-ticed his tone of voice and frowned.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s really nice, you know,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote He\rquote s not at all like you\rquote d think, coming from Durmstrang. He likes it much better here, he told me.\rdblquote\par
Ron said nothing. He hadn\rquote t mentioned Viktor Krum since the ball, but Harry had found a miniature arm under his bed on Box\-ing Day, which had looked very much as though it had been snapped off a small model figure wearing Bulgarian Quidditch robes.\par
Harry kept his eyes skinned for a sign of Hagrid all the way down the slushy High Street, and suggested a visit to the Three Broomsticks once he had ascertained that Hagrid was not in any of the shops.\par
The pub was as crowded as ever, but one quick look around at all the tables told Harry that Hagrid wasn\rquote t there. Heart sinking, he went up to the bar with Ron and Hermione, ordered three butter-beers from Madam Rosmerta, and thought gloomily that he might just as well have stayed behind and listened to the egg wailing after all.\par
\ldblquote Doesn\rquote t he \i ever\i0  go into the office?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered sud\-denly. \ldblquote Look!\rdblquote\par
She pointed into the mirror behind the bar, and Harry saw Ludo Bagman reflected there, sitting in a shadowy corner with a bunch of goblins. Bagman was talking very fast in a low voice to the goblins, all of whom had their arms crossed and were looking rather menacing.\par
It was indeed odd, Harry thought, that Bagman was here at the Three Broomsticks on a weekend when there was no Triwizard event, and therefore no judging to be done. He watched Bagman in the mirror. He was looking strained again, quite as strained as he had that night in the forest before the Dark Mark had appeared. But just then Bagman glanced over at the bar, saw Harry, and stood up.\par
\ldblquote In a moment, in a moment!\rdblquote  Harry heard him say brusquely to the goblins, and Bagman hurried through the pub toward Harry, his boyish grin back in place.\par
\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote How are you? Been hoping to run into you! Everything going all right?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fine, thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Wonder if I could have a quick, private word, Harry?\rdblquote  said Bag\-man eagerly. \ldblquote You couldn\rquote t give us a moment, you two, could you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  okay,\rdblquote  said Ron, and he and Hermione went off to find a table.\par
Bagman led Harry along the bar to the end furthest from Madam Rosmerta.\par
\ldblquote Well, I just thought I\rquote d congratulate you again on your splendid performance against that Horntail, Harry,\rdblquote  said Bagman. \ldblquote Really superb.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, but he knew this couldn\rquote t be all that Bag\-man wanted to say, because he could have congratulated Harry in front of Ron and Hermione. Bagman didn\rquote t seem in any particular rush to spill the beans, though. Harry saw him glance into the mirror over the bar at the goblins, who were all watching him and Harry in silence through their dark, slanting eyes.\par
\ldblquote Absolute nightmare,\rdblquote  said Bagman to Harry in an undertone, noticing Harry watching the goblins too. \ldblquote Their English isn\rquote t too good \'85 it\rquote s like being back with all the Bulgarians at the Quid\-ditch World Cup \'85 but at least \i they \i0 used sign language another human could recognize. This lot keep gabbling in Gobblede\-gook \'85 and I only know one word of Gobbledegook. \i Bladvak\i0 . It means \lquote pickax.\rquote  I don\rquote t like to use it in case they think I\rquote m threat\-ening them.\rdblquote\par
He gave a short, booming laugh.\par
\ldblquote What do they want?\rdblquote  Harry said, noticing how the goblins were still watching Bagman very closely.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  well \'85\rdblquote  said Bagman, looking suddenly nervous. \ldblquote They \'85 er \'85 they\rquote re looking for Barry Crouch.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why are they looking for him here?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He\rquote s at the Ministry in London, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \'85 as a matter of fact, I\rquote ve no idea where he is,\rdblquote  said Bag\-man. \ldblquote He\rquote s sort of \'85 stopped coming to work. Been absent for a couple of weeks now. Young Percy, his assistant, says he\rquote s ill. Ap\-parently he\rquote s just been sending instructions in by owl. But would you mind not mentioning that to anyone, Harry? Because Rita Skeeter\rquote s still poking around everywhere she can, and I\rquote m willing to bet she\rquote d work up Barty\rquote s illness into something sinister. Probably say he\rquote s gone missing like Bertha Jorkins.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Have you heard anything about Bertha Jorkins?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Bagman, looking strained again. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got people looking, of course \'85\rdblquote  (\i About time,\i0  thought Harry) \ldblquote and it\rquote s all very strange. She definitely \i arrived\i0  in Albania, because she met her second cousin there. And then she left the cousin\rquote s house to go south and see an aunt \'85 and she seems to have vanished without trace en route. Blowed if I can see where she\rquote s got to \'85 she doesn\rquote t seem the type to elope, for instance \'85 but still. \'85 What are we doing, talking about goblins and Bertha Jorkins? I really wanted to ask you\rdblquote  \emdash  he lowered his voice \emdash  \ldblquote how are you getting on with your golden egg?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \'85 not bad,\rdblquote  Harry said untruthfully.\par
Bagman seemed to know he wasn\rquote t being honest.\par
\ldblquote Listen, Harry,\rdblquote  he said (still in a very low voice), \ldblquote I feel very bad about all this \'85 you were thrown into this tournament, you didn\rquote t volunteer for it\'85 and if \'85\rdblquote  (his voice was so quiet now, Harry had to lean closer to listen) \ldblquote if I can help at all \'85 a prod in the right direction \'85 I\rquote ve taken a liking to you \'85 the way you got past that dragon! \'85 well, just say the word.\rdblquote\par
Harry stared up into Bagman\rquote s round, rosy face and his wide, baby-blue eyes.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re supposed to work out the clues alone, aren\rquote t we?\rdblquote  he said, careful to keep his voice casual and not sound as though he was ac\-cusing the head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports of breaking the rules.\par
\ldblquote Well \'85 well, yes,\rdblquote  said Bagman impatiently, \ldblquote but \emdash  come on, Harry \emdash  we all want a Hogwarts victory, don\rquote t we?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Have you offered Cedric help?\rdblquote  Harry said.\par
The smallest of frowns creased Bagman\rquote s smooth face. \ldblquote No, I haven\rquote t,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I \emdash  well, like I say, I\rquote ve taken a liking to you. Just thought I\rquote d offer \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but I think I\rquote m nearly there with the egg \'85 couple more days should crack it.\rdblquote\par
He wasn\rquote t entirely sure why he was refusing Bagman\rquote s help, ex\-cept that Bagman was almost a stranger to him, and accepting his assistance would feel somehow much more like cheating than ask\-ing advice from Ron, Hermione, or Sirius.\par
Bagman looked almost affronted, but couldn\rquote t say much more as Fred and George turned up at that point.\par
\ldblquote Hello, Mr. Bagman,\rdblquote  said Fred brightly. \ldblquote Can we buy you a drink?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \'85 no,\rdblquote  said Bagman, with a last disappointed glance at Harry, \ldblquote no, thank you, boys \'85\rdblquote\par
Fred and George looked quite as disappointed as Bagman, who was surveying Harry as though he had let him down badly.\par
\ldblquote Well, I must dash,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Nice seeing you all. Good luck, Harry.\rdblquote\par
He hurried out of the pub. The goblins all slid off their chairs and exited after him. Harry went to rejoin Ron and Hermione.\par
\ldblquote What did he want?\rdblquote  Ron said, the moment Harry had sat down.\par
\ldblquote He offered to help me with the golden egg,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote He shouldn\rquote t be doing that!\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking very shocked. \ldblquote He\rquote s one of the judges! And anyway, you\rquote ve already worked it out \emdash  haven\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \'85 nearly,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t think Dumbledore would like it if he knew Bag\-man was trying to persuade you to cheat!\rdblquote  said Hermione, still looking deeply disapproving. \ldblquote I hope he\rquote s trying to help Cedric as much!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s not, I asked,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Who cares if Diggory\rquote s getting help?\rdblquote  said Ron. Harry privately agreed.\par
\ldblquote Those goblins didn\rquote t look very friendly,\rdblquote  said Hermione, sip\-ping her butterbeer. \ldblquote What were they doing here?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Looking for Crouch, according to Bagman,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He\rquote s still ill. Hasn\rquote t been into work.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe Percy\rquote s poisoning him,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Probably thinks if Crouch snuffs it he\rquote ll be made head of the Department of Interna\-tional Magical Cooperation.\rdblquote\par
Hermione gave Ron a don\rquote t-joke-about-things-like-that look, and said, \ldblquote Funny, goblins looking for Mr. Crouch. \'85 They\rquote d nor\-mally deal with the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Crouch can speak loads of different languages, though,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Maybe they need an interpreter.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Worrying about poor \rquote ickle goblins, now, are you?\rdblquote  Ron asked Hermione. \ldblquote Thinking of starting up S.P.U.G. or something? Soci\-ety for the Protection of Ugly Goblins?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ha, ha, ha,\rdblquote  said Hermione sarcastically. \ldblquote Goblins don\rquote t need protection. Haven\rquote t you been listening to what Professor Binns has been telling us about goblin rebellions?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron together.\par
\ldblquote Well, they\rquote re quite capable of dealing with wizards,\rdblquote  said Hermione, taking another sip of butterbeer. \ldblquote They\rquote re very clever. They\rquote re not like house-elves, who never stick up for themselves.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Uh-oh,\rdblquote  said Ron, staring at the door.\par
Rita Skeeter had just entered. She was wearing banana-yellow robes today; her long nails were painted shocking pink, and she was accompanied by her paunchy photographer. She bought drinks, and she and the photographer made their way through the crowds to a table nearby, Harry, Ron, and Hermione glaring at her as she approached. She was talking fast and looking very satisfied about something.\par
\ldblquote\'85 didn\rquote t seem very keen to talk to us, did he, Bozo? Now, why would that be, do you think? And what\rquote s he doing with a pack of goblins in tow anyway? Showing them the sights \'85 what non\-sense \'85 he was always a bad liar. Reckon something\rquote s up? Think we should do a bit of digging? \lquote Disgraced Ex-Head of Magical Games and Sports, Ludo Bagman \'85\rquote  Snappy start to a sentence, Bozo \emdash  we just need to find a story to fit it \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Trying to ruin someone else\rquote s life?\rdblquote  said Harry loudly.\par
A few people looked around. Rita Skeeter\rquote s eyes widened behind her jeweled spectacles as she saw who had spoken.\par
\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  she said, beaming. \ldblquote How lovely! Why don\rquote t you come and join \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t come near you with a ten-foot broomstick,\rdblquote  said Harry furiously. \ldblquote What did you do that to Hagrid for, eh?\rdblquote\par
Rita Skeeter raised her heavily penciled eyebrows.\par
\ldblquote Our readers have a right to the truth, Harry. I am merely doing my \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who cares if he\rquote s half-giant?\rdblquote  Harry shouted. \ldblquote There\rquote s nothing wrong with him!\rdblquote\par
The whole pub had gone very quiet. Madam Rosmerta was star\-ing over from behind the bar, apparently oblivious to the fact that the flagon she was filling with mead was overflowing.\par
Rita Skeeter\rquote s smile flickered very slightly, but she hitched it back almost at once; she snapped open her crocodile-skin handbag, pulled out her Quick-Quotes Quill, and said, \ldblquote How about giving me an interview about the Hagrid \i you\i0  know, Harry? The man be\-hind the muscles? Your unlikely friendship and the reasons behind it. Would you call him a father substitute?\rdblquote\par
Hermione stood up very abruptly, her butterbeer clutched in her hand as though it were a grenade.\par
\ldblquote You horrible woman,\rdblquote  she said, through gritted teeth, \ldblquote you don\rquote t care, do you, anything for a story, and anyone will do, won\rquote t they? Even Ludo Bagman \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sit down, you silly little girl, and don\rquote t talk about things you don\rquote t understand,\rdblquote  said Rita Skeeter coldly, her eyes hardening as they fell on Hermione. \ldblquote I know things about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl \'85 \i not\i0  that it needs it \emdash\rdblquote  she added, eyeing Hermione\rquote s bushy hair.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s go,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote c\rquote mon, Harry \emdash  Ron \'85\rdblquote\par
They left; many people were staring at them as they went. Harry glanced back as they reached the door. Rita Skeeter\rquote s Quick-Quotes Quill was out; it was zooming backward and forward over a piece of parchment on the table.\par
\ldblquote She\rquote ll be after you next, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron in a low and wor\-ried voice as they walked quickly back up the street.\par
\ldblquote Let her try!\rdblquote  said Hermione defiantly; she was shaking with rage. \ldblquote I\rquote ll show her! Silly little girl, am I? Oh, I\rquote ll get her back for this. First Harry, then Hagrid \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t want to go upsetting Rita Skeeter,\rdblquote  said Ron ner\-vously. \ldblquote I\rquote m serious, Hermione, she\rquote ll dig up something on you \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My parents don\rquote t read the \i Daily Prophet.\i0  She can\rquote t scare me into hiding!\rdblquote  said Hermione, now striding along so fast that it was all Harry and Ron could do to keep up with her. The last time Harry had seen Hermione in a rage like this, she had hit Draco Malfoy around the face. \ldblquote And Hagrid isn\rquote t hiding anymore! He should \i never\i0  have let that excuse for a human being upset him! Come \i on\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Breaking into a run, she led them all the way back up the road, through the gates flanked by winged boars, and up through the grounds to Hagrid\rquote s cabin.\par
The curtains were still drawn, and they could hear Fang barking as they approached.\par
\ldblquote Hagrid!\rdblquote  Hermione shouted, pounding on his front door. \ldblquote Ha\-grid, that\rquote s enough! We know you\rquote re in there! Nobody cares if your mum was a giantess, Hagrid! You can\rquote t let that foul Skeeter woman do this to you! Hagrid, get out here, you\rquote re just being \emdash\rdblquote\par
The door opened. Hermione said, \ldblquote About t \emdash  !\rdblquote  and then stopped, very suddenly, because she had found herself face-to-face, not with Hagrid, but with Albus Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote Good afternoon,\rdblquote  he said pleasantly, smiling down at them.\par
\ldblquote We \emdash  er \emdash  we wanted to see Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a rather small voice.\par
\ldblquote Yes, I surmised as much,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, his eyes twinkling. \ldblquote Why don\rquote t you come in?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh \'85 um \'85 okay,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
She, Ron, and Harry went into the cabin; Fang launched him\-self upon Harry the moment he entered, barking madly and trying to lick his ears. Harry fended off Fang and looked around.\par
Hagrid was sitting at his table, where there were two large mugs of tea. He looked a real mess. His face was blotchy, his eyes swollen, and he had gone to the other extreme where his hair was con\-cerned; far from trying to make it behave, it now looked like a wig of tangled wire.\par
\ldblquote Hi, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Hagrid looked up.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Lo,\rdblquote  he said in a very hoarse voice.\par
\ldblquote More tea, I think,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, closing the door behind Harry, Ron, and Hermione, drawing out his wand, and twiddling it; a revolving tea tray appeared in midair along with a plate of cakes. Dumbledore magicked the tray onto the table, and everybody sat down. There was a slight pause, and then Dumbledore said, \ldblquote Did you by any chance hear what Miss Granger was shouting, Hagrid?\rdblquote\par
Hermione went slightly pink, but Dumbledore smiled at her and continued, \ldblquote Hermione, Harry, and Ron still seem to want to know you, judging by the way they were attempting to break down the door.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course we still want to know you!\rdblquote  Harry said, staring at Hagrid. \ldblquote You don\rquote t think anything that Skeeter cow \emdash  sorry, Pro\-fessor,\rdblquote  he added quickly, looking at Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote I have gone temporarily deaf and haven\rquote t any idea what you said, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, twiddling his thumbs and staring at the ceiling.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  right,\rdblquote  said Harry sheepishly. \ldblquote I just meant \emdash  Hagrid, how could you think we\rquote d care what that \emdash  woman \emdash  wrote about you?\rdblquote\par
Two fat tears leaked out of Hagrid\rquote s beetle-black eyes and fell slowly into his tangled beard.\par
\ldblquote Living proof of what I\rquote ve been telling you, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore, still looking carefully up at the ceiling. \ldblquote I have shown you the letters from the countless parents who remember you from their own days here, telling me in no uncertain terms that if I sacked you, they would have something to say about it \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not all of \rquote em,\rdblquote  said Hagrid hoarsely. \ldblquote Not all of \rquote em wan\rquote  me ter stay.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Really, Hagrid, if you are holding out for universal popularity, I\rquote m afraid you will be in this cabin for a very long time,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore, now peering sternly over his half-moon spectacles. \ldblquote Not a week has passed since I became headmaster of this school when I haven\rquote t had at least one owl complaining about the way I run it. But what should I do? Barricade myself in my study and refuse to talk to anybody?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeh \emdash  yeh\rquote re not half-giant!\rdblquote  said Hagrid croakily.\par
\ldblquote Hagrid, look what I\rquote ve got for relatives!\rdblquote  Harry said furiously. \ldblquote Look at the Dursleys!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote An excellent point,\rdblquote  said Professor Dumbledore. \ldblquote My own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for practicing inappropriate charms on a goat. It was all over the papers, but did Aberforth hide? No, he did not! He held his head high and went about his business as usual! Of course, I\rquote m not entirely sure he can read, so that may not have been bravery. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come back and teach, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly, \ldblquote please come back, we really miss you.\rdblquote\par
Hagrid gulped. More tears leaked out down his cheeks and into his tangled beard.\par
Dumbledore stood up. \ldblquote I refuse to accept your resignation, Hagrid, and I expect you back at work on Monday,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote You will join me for breakfast at eight-thirty in the Great Hall. No ex\-cuses. Good afternoon to you all.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore left the cabin, pausing only to scratch Fang\rquote s ears. When the door had shut behind him, Hagrid began to sob into his dustbin-lid-sized hands. Hermione kept patting his arm, and at last, Hagrid looked up, his eyes very red indeed, and said, \ldblquote Great man, Dumbledore \'85 great man \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, he is,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Can I have one of these cakes, Hagrid?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Help yerself,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, wiping his eyes on the back of his hand. \ldblquote Ar, he\rquote s righ\rquote , o\rquote  course \emdash  yeh\rquote re all righ\rquote  \'85 I bin stupid \'85 my ol\rquote  dad woulda bin ashamed o\rquote  the way I\rquote ve bin behavin\rquote . \'85\rdblquote  More tears leaked out, but he wiped them away more forcefully, and said, \ldblquote Never shown you a picture of my old dad, have I? Here \'85\rdblquote\par
Hagrid got up, went over to his dresser, opened a drawer, and pulled out a picture of a short wizard with Hagrid\rquote s crinkled black eyes, beaming as he sat on top of Hagrid\rquote s shoulder. Hagrid was a good seven or eight feet tall, judging by the apple tree beside him, but his face was beardless, young, round, and smooth \emdash  he looked hardly older than eleven.\par
\ldblquote Tha\rquote  was taken jus\rquote  after I got inter Hogwarts,\rdblquote  Hagrid croaked. \ldblquote Dad was dead chuffed \'85 thought I migh\rquote  not be a wizard, see, \rquote cos me mum \'85 well, anyway. \rquote Course, I never was great shakes at magic, really \'85 but at least he never saw me expelled. Died, see, in me second year. \'85\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore was the one who stuck up for me after Dad went. Got me the gamekeeper job \'85 trusts people, he does. Gives \rquote em second chances \'85 tha\rquote s what sets him apar\rquote  from other heads, see. He\rquote ll accept anyone at Hogwarts, s\rquote long as they\rquote ve got the talent. Knows people can turn out okay even if their families weren\rquote  \'85 well \'85 all tha\rquote  respectable. But some don\rquote  understand that. There\rquote s some who\rquote d always hold it against yeh \'85 there\rquote s some who\rquote d even pretend they just had big bones rather than stand up an\rquote  say \emdash  I am what I am, an\rquote  I\rquote m not ashamed. \lquote Never be ashamed,\rquote  my ol\rquote  dad used ter say, \lquote there\rquote s some who\rquote ll hold it against you, but they\rquote re not worth botherin\rquote  with.\rquote  An\rquote  he was right. I\rquote ve bin an idiot. I\rquote m not botherin\rquote  with \i her\i0  no more, I promise yeh that. Big bones \'85 I\rquote ll give her big bones.\rdblquote\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another nervously; Harry would rather have taken fifty Blast-Ended Skrewts for a walk than admit to Hagrid that he had overheard him talking to Madame Maxime, but Hagrid was still talking, apparently unaware that he had said anything odd.\par
\ldblquote Yeh know wha\rquote , Harry?\rdblquote  he said, looking up from the photo\-graph of his father, his eyes very bright, \ldblquote when I firs\rquote  met you, you reminded me o\rquote  me a bit. Mum an\rquote  Dad gone, an\rquote  you was feelin\rquote  like yeh wouldn\rquote  fit in at Hogwarts, remember? Not sure yeh were really up to it \'85 an\rquote  now look at yeh, Harry! School champion!\rdblquote\par
He looked at Harry for a moment and then said, very seriously, \ldblquote Yeh know what I\rquote d love, Harry? I\rquote d love yeh ter win, I really would. It\rquote d show \rquote em all \'85 yeh don\rquote  have ter be pureblood ter do it. Yeh don\rquote  have ter be ashamed of what yeh are. It\rquote d show \rquote em Dumble\-dore\rquote s the one who\rquote s got it righ\rquote , lettin\rquote  anyone in as long as they can do magic. How you doin\rquote  with that egg, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Great,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Really great.\rdblquote\par
Hagrid\rquote s miserable face broke into a wide, watery smile.\par
\ldblquote Tha\rquote s my boy \'85 you show \rquote em, Harry, you show \rquote em. Beat \rquote em all.\rdblquote\par
Lying to Hagrid wasn\rquote t quite like lying to anyone else. Harry went back to the castle later that afternoon with Ron and Her\-mione, unable to banish the image of the happy expression on Hagrid\rquote s whiskery face as he had imagined Harry winning the tour\-nament. The incomprehensible egg weighed more heavily than ever on Harry\rquote s conscience that evening, and by the time he had got into bed, he had made up his mind \emdash  it was time to shelve his pride and see if Cedric\rquote s hint was worth anything.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 25\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Egg and the Eye\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
As Harry had no idea how long a bath he would need to work out the secret of the golden egg, he decided to do it at night, when he would be able to take as much time as he wanted. Reluctant though he was to accept more favors from Cedric, he also decided to use the prefects\rquote  bathroom; far fewer people were allowed in there, so it was much less likely that he would be disturbed.\par
Harry planned his excursion carefully, because he had been caught out of bed and out-of-bounds by Filch the caretaker in the middle of the night once before, and had no desire to repeat the experience. The Invisibility Cloak would, of course, be essential, and as an added precaution, Harry thought he would take the Marauder\rquote s Map, which, next to the cloak, was the most useful aid to rule-breaking Harry owned. The map showed the whole of Hog\-warts, including its many shortcuts and secret passageways and, most important of all, it revealed the people inside the castle as minuscule, labeled dots, moving around the corridors, so that Harry would be forewarned if somebody was approaching the bathroom.\par
On Thursday night, Harry sneaked up to bed, put on the cloak, crept back downstairs, and, just as he had done on the night when Hagrid had shown him the dragons, waited for the portrait hole to open. This time it was Ron who waited outside to give the Fat Lady the password (\ldblquote banana fritters\rdblquote ). \ldblquote Good luck,\rdblquote  Ron muttered, climbing into the room as Harry crept out past him.\par
It was awkward moving under the cloak tonight, because Harry had the heavy egg under one arm and the map held in front of his nose with the other. However, the moonlit corridors were empty and silent, and by checking the map at strategic intervals, Harry was able to ensure that he wouldn\rquote t run into anyone he wanted to avoid. When he reached the statue of Boris the Bewildered, a lost-looking wizard with his gloves on the wrong hands, he located the right door, leaned close to it, and muttered the password, \ldblquote Pine fresh,\rdblquote  just as Cedric had told him.\par
The door creaked open. Harry slipped inside, bolted the door behind him, and pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, looking around.\par
His immediate reaction was that it would be worth becoming a prefect just to be able to use this bathroom. It was softly lit by a splendid candle-filled chandelier, and everything was made of white marble, including what looked like an empty, rectangular swimming pool sunk into the middle of the floor. About a hundred golden taps stood all around the pool\rquote s edges, each with a differ\-ently colored jewel set into its handle. There was also a diving board. Long white linen curtains hung at the windows; a large pile of fluffy white towels sat in a corner, and there was a single golden-framed painting on the wall. It featured a blonde mermaid who was fast asleep on a rock, her long hair over her face. It fluttered every time she snored.\par
Harry moved forward, looking around, his footsteps echoing off the walls. Magnificent though the bathroom was \emdash  and quite keen though he was to try out a few of those taps \emdash  now he was here he couldn\rquote t quite suppress the feeling that Cedric might have been having him on. How on earth was this supposed to help solve the mystery of the egg? Nevertheless, he put one of the fluffy towels, the cloak, the map, and the egg at the side of the swimming-pool-sized bath, then knelt down and turned on a few of the taps.\par
He could tell at once that they carried different sorts of bubble bath mixed with the water, though it wasn\rquote t bubble bath as Harry had ever experienced it. One tap gushed pink and blue bubbles the size of footballs; another poured ice-white foam so thick that Harry thought it would have supported his weight if he\rquote d cared to test it; a third sent heavily perfumed purple clouds hovering over the sur\-face of the water. Harry amused himself for a while turning the taps on and off, particularly enjoying the effect of one whose jet bounced off the surface of the water in large arcs. Then, when the deep pool was full of hot water, foam, and bubbles, which took a very short time considering its size, Harry turned off all the taps, pulled off his pajamas, slippers, and dressing gown, and slid into the water.\par
It was so deep that his feet barely touched the bottom, and he ac\-tually did a couple of lengths before swimming back to the side and treading water, staring at the egg. Highly enjoyable though it was to swim in hot and foamy water with clouds of different-colored steam wafting all around him, no stroke of brilliance came to him, no sudden burst of understanding.\par
Harry stretched out his arms, lifted the egg in his wet hands, and opened it. The wailing, screeching sound filled the bathroom, echoing and reverberating off the marble walls, but it sounded just as incomprehensible as ever, if not more so with all the echoes. He snapped it shut again, worried that the sound would attract Filch, wondering whether that hadn\rquote t been Cedric\rquote s plan \emdash  and then, making him jump so badly that he dropped the egg, which clat\-tered away across the bathroom floor, someone spoke.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote d try putting it \i in\i0  the water, if I were you.\rdblquote\par
Harry had swallowed a considerable amount of bubbles in shock. He stood up, sputtering, and saw the ghost of a very glum-looking girl sitting cross-legged on top of one of the taps. It was Moaning Myrtle, who was usually to be heard sobbing in the S-bend of a toilet three floors below.\par
\ldblquote Myrtle!\rdblquote  Harry said in outrage, \ldblquote I\rquote m \emdash  I\rquote m not wearing anything!\rdblquote\par
The foam was so dense that this hardly mattered, but he had a nasty feeling that Myrtle had been spying on him from out of one of the taps ever since he had arrived.\par
\ldblquote I closed my eyes when you got in,\rdblquote  she said, blinking at him through her thick spectacles. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t been to see me for \i ages.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah \'85 well \'85\rdblquote  said Harry, bending his knees slightly, just to make absolutely sure Myrtle couldn\rquote t see anything but his head, \ldblquote I\rquote m not supposed to come into your bathroom, am I? It\rquote s a girls\rquote  one.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You didn\rquote t used to care,\rdblquote  said Myrtle miserably. \ldblquote You used to be in there all the time.\rdblquote\par
This was true, though only because Harry, Ron, and Hermione had found Myrtle\rquote s out-of-order toilets a convenient place to brew Polyjuice Potion in secret \emdash  a forbidden potion that had turned him and Ron into living replicas of Crabbe and Goyle for an hour, so that they could sneak into the Slytherin common room.\par
\ldblquote I got told off for going in there,\rdblquote  said Harry, which was half-true; Percy had once caught him coming out of Myrtle\rquote s bathroom. \ldblquote I thought I\rquote d better not come back after that.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh \'85 I see \'85\rdblquote  said Myrtle, picking at a spot on her chin in a morose sort of way. \ldblquote Well\'85 anyway \'85 I\rquote d try the egg in the water. That\rquote s what Cedric Diggory did.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Have you been spying on him too?\rdblquote  said Harry indignantly. \ldblquote What d\rquote you do, sneak up here in the evenings to watch the pre\-fects take baths?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sometimes,\rdblquote  said Myrtle, rather slyly, \ldblquote but I\rquote ve never come out to speak to anyone before.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m honored,\rdblquote  said Harry darkly. \ldblquote You keep your eyes shut!\rdblquote\par
He made sure Myrtle had her glasses well covered before hoist\-ing himself out of the bath, wrapping the towel firmly around his waist, and going to retrieve the egg. Once he was back in the water, Myrtle peered through her fingers and said, \ldblquote Go on, then \'85 open it under the water!\rdblquote\par
Harry lowered the egg beneath the foamy surface and opened it \'85 and this time, it did not wail. A gurgling song was coming out of it, a song whose words he couldn\rquote t distinguish through the water.\par
\ldblquote You need to put your head under too,\rdblquote  said Myrtle, who seemed to be thoroughly enjoying bossing him around. \ldblquote Go on!\rdblquote\par
Harry took a great breath and slid under the surface \emdash  and now, sitting on the marble bottom of the bubble-filled bath, he heard a chorus of eerie voices singing to him from the open egg in his hands:\par
\par
\ldblquote\i Come seek us where our voices sound,\par
We cannot sing above the ground,\par
And while you\rquote re searching ponder this:\par
We\rquote ve taken what you\rquote ll sorely miss,\par
An hour long you\rquote ll have to look,\par
And to recover what we took,\par
But past an hour \emdash  the prospect\rquote s black,\par
Too late, it\rquote s gone, it won\rquote t come back\i0 .\rdblquote\par
\par
Harry let himself float back upward and broke the bubbly sur\-face, shaking his hair out of his eyes.\par
\ldblquote Hear it?\rdblquote  said Myrtle.\par
\ldblquote Yeah \'85 \lquote Come seek us where our voices sound \'85\rquote  and if I need persuading \'85 hang on, I need to listen again. \'85\rdblquote\par
He sank back beneath the water. It took three more underwater renditions of the egg\rquote s song before Harry had it memorized; then he trod water for a while, thinking hard, while Myrtle sat and watched him.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve got to go and look for people who can\rquote t use their voices above the ground. \'85\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote Er \'85 who could that be?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Slow, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
He had never seen Moaning Myrtle so cheerful, apart from the day when a dose of Polyjuice Potion had given Hermione the hairy face and tail of a cat. Harry stared around the bathroom, thinking \'85 if the voices could only be heard underwater, then it made sense for them to belong to underwater creatures. He ran this theory past Myrtle, who smirked at him.\par
\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s what Diggory thought,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote He lay there talking to himself for ages about it. Ages and ages \'85 nearly all the bubbles had gone. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Underwater \'85\rdblquote  Harry said slowly. \ldblquote Myrtle \'85 what lives in the lake, apart from the giant squid?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh all sorts,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote I sometimes go down there \'85 some\-times don\rquote t have any choice, if someone flushes my toilet when I\rquote m not expecting it. \'85\rdblquote\par
Trying not to think about Moaning Myrtle zooming down a pipe to the lake with the contents of a toilet, Harry said, \ldblquote Well, does anything in there have a human voice? Hang on \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s eyes had fallen on the picture of the snoozing mermaid on the wall.\par
\ldblquote Myrtle, there aren\rquote t \i merpeople\i0  in there, are there?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oooh, very good,\rdblquote  she said, her thick glasses twinkling, \ldblquote it took Diggory much longer than that! And that was with \i her\i0  awake too\rdblquote  \emdash  Myrtle jerked her head toward the mermaid with an ex\-pression of great dislike on her glum face \emdash  \ldblquote giggling and showing off and flashing her fins. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s it, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Harry excitedly. \ldblquote The second task\rquote s to go and find the merpeople in the lake and \'85 and \'85\rdblquote\par
But he suddenly realized what he was saying, and he felt the ex\-citement drain out of him as though someone had just pulled a plug in his stomach. He wasn\rquote t a very good swimmer; he\rquote d never had much practice. Dudley had had lessons in his youth, but Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon, no doubt hoping that Harry would drown one day, hadn\rquote t bothered to give him any. A couple of lengths of this bath were all very well, but that lake was very large, and very deep \'85 and merpeople would surely live right at the bottom. \'85\par
\ldblquote Myrtle,\rdblquote  Harry said slowly, \ldblquote how am I supposed to \i breathe\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
At this, Myrtle\rquote s eyes filled with sudden tears again.\par
\ldblquote Tactless!\rdblquote  she muttered, groping in her robes for a handker\-chief.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s tactless?\rdblquote  said Harry, bewildered.\par
\ldblquote Talking about breathing in front of \i me\i0 !\rdblquote  she said shrilly, and her voice echoed loudly around the bathroom. \ldblquote When I can\rquote t \'85 when I haven\rquote t \'85 not for ages \'85\rdblquote\par
She buried her face in her handkerchief and sniffed loudly. Harry remembered how touchy Myrtle had always been about be\-ing dead, but none of the other ghosts he knew made such a fuss about it.\par
\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  he said impatiently. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean \emdash  I just forgot \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh yes, very easy to forget Myrtle\rquote s dead,\rdblquote  said Myrtle, gulping, looking at him out of swollen eyes. \ldblquote Nobody missed me even when I was alive. Took them hours and hours to find my body \emdash  I know, I was sitting there waiting for them. Olive Hornby came into the bathroom \emdash  \lquote Are you in here again, sulking, Myrtle?\rquote  she said, \lquote be\-cause Professor Dippet asked me to look for you \emdash\rquote  And then she saw my body \'85 ooooh, she didn\rquote t forget it until her dying day, I made sure of that \'85 followed her around and reminded her, I did. I remember at her brother\rquote s wedding \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Harry wasn\rquote t listening; he was thinking about the merpeo\-ple\rquote s song again. \ldblquote\i We\rquote ve taken what you\rquote ll sorely miss.\i0\rdblquote  That sounded as though they were going to steal something of his, something he had to get back. What were they going to take?\par
\ldblquote\emdash  and then, of course, she went to the Ministry of Magic to stop me stalking her, so I had to come back here and live in my toilet.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Harry vaguely. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote m a lot further on than I was. \'85 Shut your eyes again, will you? I\rquote m getting out.\rdblquote\par
He retrieved the egg from the bottom of the bath, climbed out, dried himself, and pulled on his pajamas and dressing gown again.\par
\ldblquote Will you come and visit me in my bathroom again sometime?\rdblquote  Moaning Myrtle asked mournfully as Harry picked up the Invisi\-bility Cloak.\par
\ldblquote Er \'85 I\rquote ll try,\rdblquote  Harry said, though privately thinking the only way he\rquote d be visiting Myrtle\rquote s bathroom again was if every other toi\-let in the castle got blocked. \ldblquote See you, Myrtle \'85 thanks for your help.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Bye, \rquote bye,\rdblquote  she said gloomily, and as Harry put on the Invisi\-bility Cloak he saw her zoom back up the tap.\par
Out in the dark corridor, Harry examined the Marauder\rquote s Map to check that the coast was still clear. Yes, the dots belonging to Filch and his cat, Mrs. Norris, were safely in their office \'85 noth\-ing else seemed to be moving apart from Peeves, though he was bouncing around the trophy room on the floor above. \'85 Harry had taken his first step back toward Gryffindor Tower when some\-thing else on the map caught his eye \'85 something distinctly odd.\par
Peeves was \i not\i0  the only thing that was moving. A single dot was flitting around a room in the bottom left-hand corner \emdash  Snape\rquote s office. But the dot wasn\rquote t labeled \ldblquote Severus Snape\rdblquote  \'85 it was Bartemius Crouch.\par
Harry stared at the dot. Mr. Crouch was supposed to be too ill to go to work or to come to the Yule Ball \emdash  so what was he doing, sneaking into Hogwarts at one o\rquote clock in the morning? Harry watched closely as the dot moved around and around the room, pausing here and there. \'85\par
Harry hesitated, thinking \'85 and then his curiosity got the bet\-ter of him. He turned and set off in the opposite direction toward the nearest staircase. He was going to see what Crouch was up to.\par
Harry walked down the stairs as quietly as possible, though the faces in some of the portraits still turned curiously at the squeak of a floorboard, the rustle of his pajamas. He crept along the corridor be\-low, pushed aside a tapestry about halfway along, and proceeded down a narrower staircase, a shortcut that would take him down two floors. He kept glancing down at the map, wondering \'85 It just did\-n\rquote t seem in character, somehow, for correct, law-abiding Mr. Crouch to be sneaking around somebody else\rquote s office this late at night. \'85\par
And then, halfway down the staircase, not thinking about what he was doing, not concentrating on anything but the peculiar be\-havior of Mr. Crouch, Harry\rquote s leg suddenly sank right through the trick step Neville always forgot to jump. He gave an ungainly wob\-ble, and the golden egg, still damp from the bath, slipped from un\-der his arm. He lurched forward to try and catch it, but too late; the egg fell down the long staircase with a bang as loud as a bass drum on every step \emdash  the Invisibility Cloak slipped \emdash  Harry snatched at it, and the Marauder\rquote s Map fluttered out of his hand and slid down six stairs, where, sunk in the step to above his knee, he couldn\rquote t reach it.\par
The golden egg fell through the tapestry at the bottom of the staircase, burst open, and began wailing loudly in the corridor be\-low. Harry pulled out his wand and struggled to touch the Ma\-rauder\rquote s Map, to wipe it blank, but it was too far away to reach \emdash\par
Pulling the cloak back over himself Harry straightened up, lis\-tening hard with his eyes screwed up with fear \'85 and, almost immediately \emdash\par
\ldblquote PEEVES!\rdblquote\par
It was the unmistakable hunting cry of Filch the caretaker. Harry could hear his rapid, shuffling footsteps coming nearer and nearer, his wheezy voice raised in fury.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s this racket? Wake up the whole castle, will you? I\rquote ll have you, Peeves, I\rquote ll have you, you\rquote ll \'85 and what is this?\rdblquote\par
Filch\rquote s footsteps halted; there was a clink of metal on metal and the wailing stopped \emdash  Filch had picked up the egg and closed it. Harry stood very still, one leg still jammed tightly in the magical step, listening. Any moment now, Filch was going to pull aside the tapestry, expecting to see Peeves \'85 and there would be no Peeves \'85 but if he came up the stairs, he would spot the Ma\-rauder\rquote s Map \'85 and Invisibility Cloak or not, the map would show \ldblquote Harry Potter\rdblquote  standing exactly where he was.\par
\ldblquote Egg?\rdblquote  Filch said quietly at the foot of the stairs. \ldblquote My sweet!\rdblquote  \emdash  Mrs. Norris was obviously with him \emdash  \ldblquote This is a Triwizard clue! This belongs to a school champion!\rdblquote\par
Harry felt sick; his heart was hammering very fast \emdash\par
\ldblquote PEEVES!\rdblquote  Filch roared gleefully. \ldblquote You\rquote ve been stealing!\rdblquote\par
He ripped back the tapestry below, and Harry saw his horrible, pouchy face and bulging, pale eyes staring up the dark and (to Filch) deserted staircase.\par
\ldblquote Hiding, are you?\rdblquote  he said softly. \ldblquote I\rquote m coming to get you, Peeves. \'85 You\rquote ve gone and stolen a Triwizard clue, Peeves. \'85 Dumbledore\rquote ll have you out of here for this, you filthy, pilfering poltergeist. \'85\rdblquote\par
Filch started to climb the stairs, his scrawny, dust-colored cat at his heels. Mrs. Norris\rquote s lamp-like eyes, so very like her master\rquote s, were fixed directly upon Harry. He had had occasion before now to wonder whether the Invisibility Cloak worked on cats. \'85 Sick with apprehension, he watched Filch drawing nearer and nearer in his old flannel dressing gown \emdash  he tried desperately to pull his trapped leg free, but it merely sank a few more inches \emdash  any sec\-ond now, Filch was going to spot the map or walk right into him \emdash\par
\ldblquote Filch? What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\par
Filch stopped a few steps below Harry and turned. At the foot of the stairs stood the only person who could make Harry\rquote s situation worse: Snape. He was wearing a long gray nightshirt and he looked livid.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s Peeves, Professor,\rdblquote  Filch whispered malevolently. \ldblquote He threw this egg down the stairs.\rdblquote\par
Snape climbed up the stairs quickly and stopped beside Filch. Harry gritted his teeth, convinced his loudly thumping heart would give him away at any second. \'85\par
\ldblquote Peeves?\rdblquote  said Snape softly, staring at the egg in Filch\rquote s hands. \ldblquote But Peeves couldn\rquote t get into my office. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This egg was in your office, Professor?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course not,\rdblquote  Snape snapped. \ldblquote I heard banging and wailing \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, Professor, that was the egg \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  I was coming to investigate \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  Peeves threw it, Professor \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  and when I passed my office, I saw that the torches were lit and a cupboard door was ajar! Somebody has been searching it!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But Peeves couldn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I know he couldn\rquote t, Filch!\rdblquote  Snape snapped again. \ldblquote I seal my office with a spell none but a wizard could break!\rdblquote  Snape looked up the stairs, straight through Harry, and then down into the corridor be\-low. \ldblquote I want you to come and help me search for the intruder, Filch.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  yes, Professor \emdash  but \emdash\rdblquote\par
Filch looked yearningly up the stairs, right through Harry, who could see that he was very reluctant to forgo the chance of corner\-ing Peeves. \i Go,\i0  Harry pleaded with him silently, \i go with Snape\i0  \'85 \i go\i0  \'85 Mrs. Norris was peering around Filch\rquote s legs. \'85 Harry had the distinct impression that she could smell him. \'85 Why had he filled that bath with so much perfumed foam?\par
\ldblquote The thing is, Professor,\rdblquote  said Filch plaintively, \ldblquote the headmaster will have to listen to me this time. Peeves has been stealing from a student, it might be my chance to get him thrown out of the castle once and for all \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Filch, I don\rquote t give a damn about that wretched poltergeist; it\rquote s my office that\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\par
\i Clunk. Clunk. Clunk.\i0\par
Snape stopped talking very abruptly. He and Filch both looked down at the foot of the stairs. Harry saw Mad-Eye Moody limp into sight through the narrow gap between their heads. Moody was wearing his old traveling cloak over his nightshirt and leaning on his staff as usual.\par
\ldblquote Pajama party, is it?\rdblquote  he growled up the stairs.\par
\ldblquote Professor Snape and I heard noises, Professor,\rdblquote  said Filch at once. \ldblquote Peeves the Poltergeist, throwing things around as usual \emdash  and then Professor Snape discovered that someone had broken into his off \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shut up!\rdblquote  Snape hissed to Filch.\par
Moody took a step closer to the foot of the stairs. Harry saw Moody\rquote s magical eye travel over Snape, and then, unmistakably, onto himself.\par
Harry\rquote s heart gave a horrible jolt. \i Moody could see through Invisi\-bility Cloaks\i0  \'85 he alone could see the full strangeness of the scene: Snape in his nightshirt, Filch clutching the egg, and he, Harry, trapped in the stairs behind them. Moody\rquote s lopsided gash of a mouth opened in surprise. For a few seconds, he and Harry stared straight into each other\rquote s eyes. Then Moody closed his mouth and turned his blue eye upon Snape again.\par
\ldblquote Did I hear that correctly, Snape?\rdblquote  he asked slowly. \ldblquote Someone broke into your office?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It is unimportant,\rdblquote  said Snape coldly.\par
\ldblquote On the contrary,\rdblquote  growled Moody, \ldblquote it is very important. Who\rquote d want to break into your office?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A student, I daresay,\rdblquote  said Snape. Harry could see a vein flick\-ering horribly on Snape\rquote s greasy temple. \ldblquote It has happened before. Potion ingredients have gone missing from my private store cup\-board \'85 students attempting illicit mixtures, no doubt. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Reckon they were after potion ingredients, eh?\rdblquote  said Moody. \ldblquote Not hiding anything else in your office, are you?\rdblquote\par
Harry saw the edge of Snape\rquote s sallow face turn a nasty brick color, the vein in his temple pulsing more rapidly.\par
\ldblquote You know I\rquote m hiding nothing, Moody,\rdblquote  he said in a soft and dangerous voice, \ldblquote as you\rquote ve searched my office pretty thoroughly yourself.\rdblquote\par
Moody\rquote s face twisted into a smile. \ldblquote Auror\rquote s privilege, Snape. Dumbledore told me to keep an eye \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore happens to trust me,\rdblquote  said Snape through clenched teeth. \ldblquote I refuse to believe that he gave you orders to search my office!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Course Dumbledore trusts you,\rdblquote  growled Moody. \ldblquote He\rquote s a trusting man, isn\rquote t he? Believes in second chances. But me \emdash  I say there are spots that don\rquote t come off, Snape. Spots that never come off, d\rquote you know what I mean?\rdblquote\par
Snape suddenly did something very strange. He seized his left forearm convulsively with his right hand, as though something on it had hurt him.\par
Moody laughed. \ldblquote Get back to bed, Snape.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t have the authority to send me anywhere!\rdblquote  Snape hissed, letting go of his arm as though angry with himself. \ldblquote I have as much right to prowl this school after dark as you do!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Prowl away,\rdblquote  said Moody, but his voice was full of menace. \ldblquote I look forward to meeting you in a dark corridor some time. \'85 You\rquote ve dropped something, by the way. \'85\rdblquote\par
With a stab of horror, Harry saw Moody point at the Marauder\rquote s Map, still lying on the staircase six steps below him. As Snape and Filch both turned to look at it, Harry threw caution to the winds; he raised his arms under the cloak and waved furiously at Moody to attract his attention, mouthing \ldblquote It\rquote s mine! \i Mine\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Snape had reached out for it, a horrible expression of dawning comprehension on his face \emdash\par
\ldblquote\i Accio Parchment\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The map flew up into the air, slipped through Snape\rquote s out\-stretched fingers, and soared down the stairs into Moody\rquote s hand.\par
\ldblquote My mistake,\rdblquote  Moody said calmly. \ldblquote It\rquote s mine \emdash  must\rquote ve dropped it earlier \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Snape\rquote s black eyes were darting from the egg in Filch\rquote s arms to the map in Moody\rquote s hand, and Harry could tell he was putting two and two together, as only Snape could. \'85\par
\ldblquote Potter,\rdblquote  he said quietly.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  said Moody calmly, folding up the map and pocketing it.\par
\ldblquote Potter!\rdblquote  Snape snarled, and he actually turned his head and stared right at the place where Harry was, as though he could sud\-denly see him. \ldblquote That egg is Potter\rquote s egg. That piece of parchment belongs to Potter. I have seen it before, I recognize it! Potter is here! Potter, in his Invisibility Cloak!\rdblquote\par
Snape stretched out his hands like a blind man and began to move up the stairs; Harry could have sworn his over-large nostrils were dilating, trying to sniff Harry out \emdash  trapped, Harry leaned backward, trying to avoid Snape\rquote s fingertips, but any moment now \emdash\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s nothing there, Snape!\rdblquote  barked Moody, \ldblquote but I\rquote ll be happy to tell the headmaster how quickly your mind jumped to Harry Potter!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Meaning what?\rdblquote  Snape turned again to look at Moody, his hands still outstretched, inches from Harry\rquote s chest.\par
\ldblquote Meaning that Dumbledore\rquote s very interested to know who\rquote s got it in for that boy!\rdblquote  said Moody, limping nearer still to the foot of the stairs. \ldblquote And so am I, Snape \'85 very interested. \'85\rdblquote  The torch\-light flickered across his mangled face, so that the scars, and the chunk missing from his nose, looked deeper and darker than ever.\par
Snape was looking down at Moody, and Harry couldn\rquote t see the expression on his face. For a moment, nobody moved or said any\-thing. Then Snape slowly lowered his hands.\par
\ldblquote I merely thought,\rdblquote  said Snape, in a voice of forced calm, \ldblquote that if Potter was wandering around after hours again \'85 it\rquote s an unfortu\-nate habit of his \'85 he should be stopped. For \emdash  for his own safety.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, I see,\rdblquote  said Moody softly. \ldblquote Got Potter\rquote s best interests at heart, have you?\rdblquote\par
There was a pause. Snape and Moody were still staring at each other. Mrs. Norris gave a loud meow, still peering around Filch\rquote s legs, looking for the source of Harry\rquote s bubble-bath smell.\par
\ldblquote I think I will go back to bed,\rdblquote  Snape said curtly.\par
\ldblquote Best idea you\rquote ve had all night,\rdblquote  said Moody. \ldblquote Now, Filch, if you\rquote ll just give me that egg \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Filch, clutching the egg as though it were his first\-born son. \ldblquote Professor Moody, this is evidence of Peeves\rquote  treachery!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s the property of the champion he stole it from,\rdblquote  said Moody. \ldblquote Hand it over, now.\rdblquote\par
Snape swept downstairs and passed Moody without another word. Filch made a chirruping noise to Mrs. Norris, who stared blankly at Harry for a few more seconds before turning and fol\-lowing her master. Still breathing very fast, Harry heard Snape walking away down the corridor; Filch handed Moody the egg and disappeared from view too, muttering to Mrs. Norris. \ldblquote Never mind, my sweet \'85 we\rquote ll see Dumbledore in the morning \'85 tell him what Peeves was up to. \'85\rdblquote\par
A door slammed. Harry was left staring down at Moody, who placed his staff on the bottommost stair and started to climb labo\-riously toward him, a dull \i clunk\i0  on every other step.\par
\ldblquote Close shave, Potter,\rdblquote  he muttered.\par
\ldblquote Yeah \'85 I \emdash  er \'85 thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry weakly.\par
\ldblquote What is this thing?\rdblquote  said Moody, drawing the Marauders Map out of his pocket and unfolding it.\par
\ldblquote Map of Hogwarts,\rdblquote  said Harry, hoping Moody was going to pull him out of the staircase soon; his leg was really hurting him.\par
\ldblquote Merlin\rquote s beard,\rdblquote  Moody whispered, staring at the map, his mag\-ical eye going haywire. \ldblquote This \'85 this is some map, Potter!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, it\rquote s \'85 quite useful,\rdblquote  Harry said. His eyes were starting to water from the pain. \ldblquote Er \emdash  Professor Moody, d\rquote you think you could help me \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What? Oh! Yes \'85 yes, of course \'85\rdblquote\par
Moody took hold of Harry\rquote s arms and pulled; Harry\rquote s leg came free of the trick step, and he climbed onto the one above it. Moody was still gazing at the map.\par
\ldblquote Potter \'85\rdblquote  he said slowly, \ldblquote you didn\rquote t happen, by any chance, to see who broke into Snape\rquote s office, did you? On this map, I mean?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \'85 yeah, I did \'85\rdblquote  Harry admitted. \ldblquote It was Mr. Crouch.\rdblquote\par
Moody\rquote s magical eye whizzed over the entire surface of the map. He looked suddenly alarmed.\par
\ldblquote Crouch?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote You\rquote re \emdash  you\rquote re sure, Potter?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Positive,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Well, he\rquote s not here anymore,\rdblquote  said Moody, his eye still whizzing over the map. \ldblquote Crouch \'85 that\rquote s very \emdash  very interesting. \'85\rdblquote\par
He said nothing for almost a minute, still staring at the map. Harry could tell that this news meant something to Moody and very much wanted to know what it was. He wondered whether he dared ask. Moody scared him slightly \'85 yet Moody had just helped him avoid an awful lot of trouble. \'85\par
\ldblquote Er \'85 Professor Moody \'85 why d\rquote you reckon Mr. Crouch wanted to look around Snape\rquote s office?\rdblquote\par
Moody\rquote s magical eye left the map and fixed, quivering, upon Harry. It was a penetrating glare, and Harry had the impression that Moody was sizing him up, wondering whether to answer or not, or how much to tell him.\par
\ldblquote Put it this way, Potter,\rdblquote  Moody muttered finally, \ldblquote they say old Mad-Eye\rquote s obsessed with catching Dark wizards \'85 but I\rquote m noth\-ing \emdash  \i nothing\i0  \emdash  compared to Barty Crouch.\rdblquote\par
He continued to stare at the map. Harry was burning to know more.\par
\ldblquote Professor Moody?\rdblquote  he said again. \ldblquote D\rquote you think \'85 could this have anything to do with \'85 maybe Mr. Crouch thinks there\rquote s something going on. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Like what?\rdblquote  said Moody sharply.\par
Harry wondered how much he dare say. He didn\rquote t want Moody to guess that he had a source of information outside Hogwarts; that might lead to tricky questions about Sirius.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, \ldblquote odd stuff\rquote s been happening lately, hasn\rquote t it? It\rquote s been in the \i Daily Prophet\i0  \'85 the Dark Mark at the World Cup, and the Death Eaters and everything. \'85\rdblquote\par
Both of Moody\rquote s mismatched eyes widened.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re a sharp boy, Potter,\rdblquote  he said. His magical eye roved back to the Marauder\rquote s Map. \ldblquote Crouch could be thinking along those lines,\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote Very possible \'85 there have been some funny rumors flying around lately \emdash  helped along by Rita Skeeter, of course. It\rquote s making a lot of people nervous, I reckon.\rdblquote  A grim smile twisted his lopsided mouth. \ldblquote Oh if there\rquote s one thing I hate,\rdblquote  he muttered, more to himself than to Harry, and his magical eye was fixed on the left-hand corner of the map, \ldblquote it\rquote s a Death Eater who walked free. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry stared at him. Could Moody possibly mean what Harry thought he meant?\par
\ldblquote And now I want to ask \i you\i0  a question, Potter,\rdblquote  said Moody in a more businesslike tone.\par
Harry\rquote s heart sank; he had thought this was coming. Moody was going to ask where he had got this map, which was a very dubious magical object \emdash  and the story of how it had fallen into his hands incriminated not only him, but his own father, Fred and George Weasley, and Professor Lupin, their last Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. Moody waved the map in front of Harry, who braced himself \emdash\par
\ldblquote Can I borrow this?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh!\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
He was very fond of his map, but on the other hand, he was ex\-tremely relieved that Moody wasn\rquote t asking where he\rquote d got it, and there was no doubt that he owed Moody a favor.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, okay.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good boy,\rdblquote  growled Moody. \ldblquote I can make good use of this \'85 this might be \i exactly\i0  what I\rquote ve been looking for. \'85 Right, bed, Potter, come on, now. \'85\rdblquote\par
They climbed to the top of the stairs together, Moody still ex\-amining the map as though it was a treasure the like of which he had never seen before. They walked in silence to the door of Moody\rquote s office, where he stopped and looked up at Harry.\par
\ldblquote You ever thought of a career as an Auror, Potter?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, taken aback.\par
\ldblquote You want to consider it,\rdblquote  said Moody, nodding and looking at Harry thoughtfully. \ldblquote Yes, indeed \'85 and incidentally \'85 I\rquote m guessing you weren\rquote t just taking that egg for a walk tonight?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  no,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been working out the clue.\rdblquote\par
Moody winked at him, his magical eye going haywire again.\par
\ldblquote Nothing like a nighttime stroll to give you ideas, Potter. \'85 See you in the morning. \'85\rdblquote\par
He went back into his office, staring down at the Marauder\rquote s Map again, and closed the door behind him.\par
Harry walked slowly back to Gryffindor Tower, lost in thought about Snape, and Crouch, and what it all meant. \'85 Why was Crouch pretending to be ill, if he could manage to get to Hogwarts when he wanted to? What did he think Snape was concealing in his office?\par
And Moody thought he, Harry, ought to be an Auror! Interest\-ing idea \'85 but somehow, Harry thought, as he got quietly into his four-poster ten minutes later, the egg and the cloak now safely back in his trunk, he thought he\rquote d like to check how scarred the rest of them were before he chose it as a career.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 26\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Second Task\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
\ldblquote You said you\rquote d already worked out that egg clue!\rdblquote  said Hermione indignantly.\par
\ldblquote Keep your voice down!\rdblquote  said Harry crossly. \ldblquote I just need to \emdash  sort of fine-tune it, all right?\rdblquote\par
He, Ron, and Hermione were sitting at the very back of the Charms class with a table to themselves. They were supposed to be practicing the opposite of the Summoning Charm today \emdash  the Banishing Charm. Owing to the potential for nasty accidents when objects kept flying across the room, Professor Flitwick had given each student a stack of cushions on which to practice, the theory being that these wouldn\rquote t hurt anyone if they went off target. It was a good theory, but it wasn\rquote t working very well. Neville\rquote s aim was so poor that he kept accidentally sending much heavier things flying across the room \emdash  Professor Flitwick, for instance.\par
\ldblquote Just forget the egg for a minute, all right?\rdblquote  Harry hissed as Pro\-fessor Flitwick went whizzing resignedly past them, landing on top of a large cabinet. \ldblquote I\rquote m trying to tell you about Snape and Moody. \'85\rdblquote\par
This class was an ideal cover for a private conversation, as every\-one was having far too much fun to pay them any attention. Harry had been recounting his adventures of the previous night in whis\-pered installments for the last half hour.\par
\ldblquote Snape said Moody\rquote s searched his office as well?\rdblquote  Ron whispered, his eyes alight with interest as he Banished a cushion with a sweep of his wand (it soared into the air and knocked Parvati\rquote s hat off). \ldblquote What \'85 d\rquote you reckon Moody\rquote s here to keep an eye on Snape as well as Karkaroff?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, I dunno if that\rquote s what Dumbledore asked him to do, but he\rquote s definitely doing it,\rdblquote  said Harry, waving his wand without pay\-ing much attention, so that his cushion did an odd sort of belly flop off the desk. \ldblquote Moody said Dumbledore only lets Snape stay here because he\rquote s giving him a second chance or something. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron, his eyes widening, his next cushion spinning high into the air, ricocheting off the chandelier, and dropping heavily onto Flitwick\rquote s desk. \ldblquote Harry \'85 maybe Moody thinks \i Snape\i0  put your name in the Goblet of Fire!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione, shaking her head sceptically, \ldblquote we thought Snape was trying to kill Harry before, and it turned out he was saving Harry\rquote s life, remember?\rdblquote\par
She Banished a cushion and it flew across the room and landed in the box they were all supposed to be aiming at. Harry looked at Hermione, thinking \'85 it was true that Snape had saved his life once, but the odd thing was, Snape definitely loathed him, just as he\rquote d loathed Harry\rquote s father when they had been at school together. Snape loved taking points from Harry, and had certainly never missed an opportunity to give him punishments, or even to suggest that he should be suspended from the school.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t care what Moody says,\rdblquote  Hermione went on. \ldblquote Dumble\-dore\rquote s not stupid. He was right to trust Hagrid and Professor Lupin, even though loads of people wouldn\rquote t have given them jobs, so why shouldn\rquote t he be right about Snape, even if Snape is a bit \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  evil,\rdblquote  said Ron promptly. \ldblquote Come on, Hermione, why are all these Dark wizard catchers searching his office, then?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why has Mr. Crouch been pretending to be ill?\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one, ignoring Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s a bit funny, isn\rquote t it, that he can\rquote t manage to come to the Yule Ball, but he can get up here in the middle of the night when he wants to?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You just don\rquote t like Crouch because of that elf, Winky,\rdblquote  said Ron, sending a cushion soaring into the window.\par
\ldblquote\i You\i0  just want to think Snape\rquote s up to something,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione, sending her cushion zooming neatly into the box.\par
\ldblquote I just want to know what Snape did with his first chance, if he\rquote s on his second one,\rdblquote  said Harry grimly, and his cushion, to his very great surprise, flew straight across the room and landed neatly on top of Hermione\rquote s.\par
\par
Obedient to Sirius\rquote s wish of hearing about anything odd at Hog\-warts, Harry sent him a letter by brown owl that night, explaining all about Mr. Crouch breaking into Snape\rquote s office, and Moody and Snape\rquote s conversation. Then Harry turned his attention in earnest to the most urgent problem facing him: how to survive underwater for an hour on the twenty-fourth of February.\par
Ron quite liked the idea of using the Summoning Charm again \emdash  Harry had explained about Aqua-Lungs, and Ron couldn\rquote t see why Harry shouldn\rquote t Summon one from the nearest Muggle town. Hermione squashed this plan by pointing out that, in the un\-likely event that Harry managed to learn how to operate an Aqua-Lung within the set limit of an hour, he was sure to be disqualified for breaking the International Code of Wizarding Secrecy \emdash  it was too much to hope that no Muggles would spot an Aqua-Lung zooming across the countryside to Hogwarts.\par
\ldblquote Of course, the ideal solution would be for you to Transfigure yourself into a submarine or something,\rdblquote  Hermione said. \ldblquote If only we\rquote d done human Transfiguration already! But I don\rquote t think we start that until sixth year, and it can go badly wrong if you don\rquote t know what you\rquote re doing. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I don\rquote t fancy walking around with a periscope sticking out of my head,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I s\rquote pose I could always attack some\-one in front of Moody; he might do it for me. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think he\rquote d let you choose what you wanted to be turned into, though,\rdblquote  said Hermione seriously. \ldblquote No, I think your best chance is some sort of charm.\rdblquote\par
So Harry, thinking that he would soon have had enough of the library to last him a lifetime, buried himself once more among the dusty volumes, looking for any spell that might enable a hu\-man to survive without oxygen. However, though he, Ron, and Hermione searched through their lunchtimes, evenings, and whole weekends \emdash  though Harry asked Professor McGonagall for a note of permission to use the Restricted Section, and even asked the ir\-ritable, vulture-like librarian, Madam Pince, for help \emdash  they found nothing whatsoever that would enable Harry to spend an hour underwater and live to tell the tale.\par
Familiar flutterings of panic were starting to disturb Harry now, and he was finding it difficult to concentrate in class again. The lake, which Harry had always taken for granted as just another fea\-ture of the grounds, drew his eyes whenever he was near a class\-room window, a great, iron-gray mass of chilly water, whose dark and icy depths were starting to seem as distant as the moon.\par
Just as it had before he faced the Horntail, time was slipping away as though somebody had bewitched the clocks to go extra-fast. There was a week to go before February the twenty-fourth (there was still time) \'85 there were five days to go (he was bound to find something soon) \'85 three days to go (\i please let me find something\i0  \'85 \i please\i0 ) \'85\par
With two days left, Harry started to go off food again. The only good thing about breakfast on Monday was the return of the brown owl he had sent to Sirius. He pulled off the parchment, unrolled it, and saw the shortest letter Sirius had ever written to him.\par
\par
\i Send date of next Hogsmeade weekend by return owl.\i0\par
\par
Harry turned the parchment over and looked at the back, hop\-ing to see something else, but it was blank.\par
\ldblquote Weekend after next,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione, who had read the note over Harry\rquote s shoulder. \ldblquote Here \emdash  take my quill and send this owl back straight away.\rdblquote\par
Harry scribbled the dates down on the back of Sirius\rquote s letter, tied it onto the brown owl\rquote s leg, and watched it take flight again. What had he expected? Advice on how to survive underwater? He had been so intent on telling Sirius all about Snape and Moody he had completely forgotten to mention the egg\rquote s clue.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s he want to know about the next Hogsmeade weekend for?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Harry dully. The momentary happiness that had flared inside him at the sight of the owl had died. \ldblquote Come on \'85 Care of Magical Creatures.\rdblquote\par
Whether Hagrid was trying to make up for the Blast-Ended Skrewts, or because there were now only two skrewts left, or be\-cause he was trying to prove he could do anything that Professor Grubbly-Plank could, Harry didn\rquote t know, but Hagrid had been continuing her lessons on unicorns ever since he\rquote d returned to work. It turned out that Hagrid knew quite as much about uni\-corns as he did about monsters, though it was clear that he found their lack of poisonous fangs disappointing.\par
Today he had managed to capture two unicorn foals. Unlike full-grown unicorns, they were pure gold. Parvati and Lavender went into transports of delight at the sight of them, and even Pansy Parkinson had to work hard to conceal how much she liked them.\par
\ldblquote Easier ter spot than the adults,\rdblquote  Hagrid told the class. \ldblquote They turn silver when they\rquote re abou\rquote  two years old, an\rquote  they grow horns at aroun\rquote  four. Don\rquote  go pure white till they\rquote re full grown, \rquote round about seven. They\rquote re a bit more trustin\rquote  when they\rquote re babies \'85 don\rquote  mind boys so much. \'85 C\rquote mon, move in a bit, yeh can pat \rquote em if yeh want \'85 give \rquote em a few o\rquote  these sugar lumps. \'85\par
\ldblquote You okay, Harry?\rdblquote  Hagrid muttered, moving aside slightly, while most of the others swarmed around the baby unicorns.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Jus\rquote  nervous, eh?\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\par
\ldblquote Bit,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, clapping a massive hand on his shoulder, so that Harry\rquote s knees buckled under its weight, \ldblquote I\rquote d\rquote ve bin worried before I saw yeh take on tha\rquote  Horntail, but I know now yeh can do anythin\rquote  yeh set yer mind ter. I\rquote m not worried at all. Yeh\rquote re goin\rquote  ter be fine. Got yer clue worked out, haven\rquote  yeh?\rdblquote\par
Harry nodded, but even as he did so, an insane urge to confess that he didn\rquote t have any idea how to survive at the bottom of the lake for an hour came over him. He looked up at Hagrid \emdash  per\-haps he had to go into the lake sometimes, to deal with the crea\-tures in it? He looked after everything else on the grounds, after all \emdash\par
\ldblquote Yeh\rquote re goin\rquote  ter win,\rdblquote  Hagrid growled, patting Harry\rquote s shoulder again, so that Harry actually felt himself sink a couple of inches into the soft ground. \ldblquote I know it. I can feel it. \i Yeh\rquote re goin\rquote  ter win, Harry.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry just couldn\rquote t bring himself to wipe the happy, confident smile off Hagrid\rquote s face. Pretending he was interested in the young unicorns, he forced a smile in return, and moved forward to pat them with the others.\par
\par
By the evening before the second task, Harry felt as though he were trapped in a nightmare. He was fully aware that even if, by some miracle, he managed to find a suitable spell, he\rquote d have a real job mastering it overnight. How could he have let this happen? Why hadn\rquote t he got to work on the egg\rquote s clue sooner? Why had he ever let his mind wander in class \emdash  what if a teacher had once mentioned how to breathe underwater?\par
He sat with Hermione and Ron in the library as the sun set out\-side, tearing feverishly through page after page of spells, hidden from one another by the massive piles of books on the desk in front of each of them. Harry\rquote s heart gave a huge leap every time he saw the word \ldblquote water\rdblquote  on a page, but more often than not it was merely \ldblquote Take two pints of water, half a pound of shredded mandrake leaves, and a newt \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t reckon it can be done,\rdblquote  said Ron\rquote s voice flatly from the other side of the table. \ldblquote There\rquote s nothing. \i Nothing.\i0  Closest was that thing to dry up puddles and ponds, that Drought Charm, but that was nowhere near powerful enough to drain the lake.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There must be something,\rdblquote  Hermione muttered, moving a candle closer to her. Her eyes were so tired she was poring over the tiny print of \i Olde and Forgotten Bewitchments and Charmes\i0  with her nose about an inch from the page. \ldblquote They\rquote d never have set a task that was undoable.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They have,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Harry, just go down to the lake tomor\-row, right, stick your head in, yell at the merpeople to give back whatever they\rquote ve nicked, and see if they chuck it out. Best you can do, mate.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s a way of doing it!\rdblquote  Hermione said crossly. \ldblquote There just has to be!\rdblquote\par
She seemed to be taking the library\rquote s lack of useful information on the subject as a personal insult; it had never failed her before.\par
\ldblquote I know what I should have done,\rdblquote  said Harry, resting, face\-down, on \i Saucy Tricks for Tricky Sorts.\i0  \ldblquote I should\rquote ve learned to be an Animagus like Sirius.\rdblquote\par
An Animagus was a wizard who could transform into an animal.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, you could\rquote ve turned into a goldfish any time you wanted!\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Or a frog,\rdblquote  yawned Harry. He was exhausted.\par
\ldblquote It takes years to become an Animagus, and then you have to register yourself and everything,\rdblquote  said Hermione vaguely, now squinting down the index of \i Weird Wizarding Dilemmas and Their Solutions.\i0  \ldblquote Professor McGonagall told us, remember \'85 you\rquote ve got to register yourself with the Improper Use of Magic Office \'85 what animal you become, and your markings, so you can\rquote t abuse it. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione, I was joking,\rdblquote  said Harry wearily. \ldblquote I know I haven\rquote t got a chance of turning into a frog by tomorrow morning. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh this is no use,\rdblquote  Hermione said, snapping shut \i Weird Wiz\-arding Dilemmas.\i0  \ldblquote Who on earth wants to make their nose hair grow into ringlets?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t mind,\rdblquote  said Fred Weasley\rquote s voice. \ldblquote Be a talking point, wouldn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked up. Fred and George had just emerged from behind some bookshelves.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote re you two doing here?\rdblquote  Ron asked.\par
\ldblquote Looking for you,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote McGonagall wants you, Ron. And you, Hermione.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking surprised.\par
\ldblquote Dunno \'85 she was looking a bit grim, though,\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re supposed to take you down to her office,\rdblquote  said George.\par
Ron and Hermione stared at Harry, who felt his stomach drop. Was Professor McGonagall about to tell Ron and Hermione off? Perhaps she\rquote d noticed how much they were helping him, when he ought to be working out how to do the task alone?\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll meet you back in the common room,\rdblquote  Hermione told Harry as she got up to go with Ron \emdash  both of them looked very anxious. \ldblquote Bring as many of these books as you can, okay?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry uneasily.\par
By eight o\rquote clock, Madam Pince had extinguished all the lamps and came to chivvy Harry out of the library. Staggering under the weight of as many books as he could carry, Harry returned to the Gryffindor common room, pulled a table into a corner, and con\-tinued to search. There was nothing in \i Madcap Magic for Wacky Warlocks\i0  \'85 nothing in \i A Guide to Medieval Sorcery\i0  \'85 not one mention of underwater exploits in \i An Anthology of Eighteenth-Century Charms\i0 , or in \i Dreadful Denizens of the Deep\i0 , or \i Powers You Never Knew You Had and What to Do with Them Now You\rquote ve Wised Up.\i0\par
Crookshanks crawled into Harry\rquote s lap and curled up, purring deeply. The common room emptied slowly around Harry. People kept wishing him luck for the next morning in cheery, confident voices like Hagrid\rquote s, all of them apparently convinced that he was about to pull off another stunning performance like the one he had managed in the first task. Harry couldn\rquote t answer them, he just nod\-ded, feeling as though there were a golfball stuck in his throat. By ten to midnight, he was alone in the room with Crookshanks. He had searched all the remaining books, and Ron and Hermione had not come back.\par
It\rquote s over, he told himself. You can\rquote t do it. You\rquote ll just have to go down to the lake in the morning and tell the judges. \'85\par
He imagined himself explaining that he couldn\rquote t do the task. He pictured Bagman\rquote s look of round-eyed surprise, Karkaroff\rquote s satis\-fied, yellow-toothed smile. He could almost hear Fleur Delacour saying \ldblquote\i I knew it\i0  \'85 \rquote\i e is too young, \rquote e is only a little boy.\i0\rdblquote  He saw Malfoy flashing his \i POTTER STINKS\i0  badge at the front of the crowd, saw Hagrid\rquote s crestfallen, disbelieving face. \'85\par
Forgetting that Crookshanks was on his lap, Harry stood up very suddenly; Crookshanks hissed angrily as he landed on the floor, gave Harry a disgusted look, and stalked away with his bot\-tlebrush tail in the air, but Harry was already hurrying up the spi\-ral staircase to his dormitory. \'85 He would grab the Invisibility Cloak and go back to the library, he\rquote d stay there all night if he had to. \'85\par
\ldblquote\i Lumos,\i0\rdblquote  Harry whispered fifteen minutes later as he opened the library door.\par
Wand tip alight, he crept along the bookshelves, pulling down more books \emdash  books of hexes and charms, books on merpeople and water monsters, books on famous witches and wizards, on magical inventions, on anything at all that might include one pass\-ing reference to underwater survival. He carried them over to a table, then set to work, searching them by the narrow beam of his wand, occasionally checking his watch. \'85\par
One in the morning \'85 two in the morning \'85 the only way he could keep going was to tell himself, over and over again, \i next book\i0  \'85 \i in the next one\i0  \'85 \i the next one\i0  \'85\par
\par
The mermaid in the painting in the prefects\rquote  bathroom was laugh\-ing. Harry was bobbing like a cork in bubbly water next to her rock, while she held his Firebolt over his head.\par
\ldblquote Come and get it!\rdblquote  she giggled maliciously. \ldblquote Come on, jump!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t,\rdblquote  Harry panted, snatching at the Firebolt, and struggling not to sink. \ldblquote Give it to me!\rdblquote\par
But she just poked him painfully in the side with the end of the broomstick, laughing at him.\par
\ldblquote That hurts \emdash  get off \emdash  ouch \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter must wake up, sir!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Stop poking me \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dobby must poke Harry Potter, sir, he must wake up!\rdblquote\par
Harry opened his eyes. He was still in the library; the Invisibil\-ity Cloak had slipped off his head as he\rquote d slept, and the side of his face was stuck to the pages of \i Where There\rquote s a Wand, There\rquote s a Way.\i0  He sat up, straightening his glasses, blinking in the bright daylight.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter needs to hurry!\rdblquote  squeaked Dobby. \ldblquote The second task starts in ten minutes, and Harry Potter \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ten minutes?\rdblquote  Harry croaked. \ldblquote Ten \emdash  \i ten minutes\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
He looked down at his watch. Dobby was right. It was twenty past nine. A large, dead weight seemed to fall through Harry\rquote s chest into his stomach.\par
\ldblquote Hurry, Harry Potter!\rdblquote  squeaked Dobby, plucking at Harry\rquote s sleeve. \ldblquote You is supposed to be down by the lake with the other champions, sir!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s too late, Dobby,\rdblquote  Harry said hopelessly. \ldblquote I\rquote m not doing the task, I don\rquote t know how \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter \i will\i0  do the task!\rdblquote  squeaked the elf. \ldblquote Dobby knew Harry had not found the right book, so Dobby did it for him!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But \i you\i0  don\rquote t know what the second task is \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dobby knows, sir! Harry Potter has to go into the lake and find his Wheezy \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Find my what?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  and take his Wheezy back from the merpeople!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s a Wheezy?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Your Wheezy, sir, your Wheezy \emdash  Wheezy who is giving Dobby his sweater!\rdblquote\par
Dobby plucked at the shrunken maroon sweater he was now wearing over his shorts.\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  Harry gasped. \ldblquote They\rquote ve got \'85 they\rquote ve got \i Ron\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The thing Harry Potter will miss most, sir!\rdblquote  squeaked Dobby. \ldblquote  \lquote\i But past an hour\i0  \emdash\rquote  \rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  \lquote\i the prospect\rquote s black,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote  Harry recited, staring, horror-struck, at the elf. \ldblquote  \lquote\i Too late, it\rquote s gone, it won\rquote t come back\i0 .\rquote  Dobby \emdash  what\rquote ve I got to do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You has to eat this, sir!\rdblquote  squeaked the elf, and he put his hand in the pocket of his shorts and drew out a ball of what looked like slimy, grayish-green rat tails. \ldblquote Right before you go into the lake, sir \emdash  gillyweed!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s it do?\rdblquote  said Harry, staring at the gillyweed.\par
\ldblquote It will make Harry Potter breathe underwater, sir!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dobby,\rdblquote  said Harry frantically, \ldblquote listen \emdash  are you sure about this?\rdblquote\par
He couldn\rquote t quite forget that the last time Dobby had tried to \ldblquote help\rdblquote  him, he had ended up with no bones in his right arm.\par
\ldblquote Dobby is quite sure, sir!\rdblquote  said the elf earnestly. \ldblquote Dobby hears things, sir, he is a house-elf, he goes all over the castle as he lights the fires and mops the floors. Dobby heard Professor McGonagall and Professor Moody in the staffroom, talking about the next task. \'85 Dobby cannot let Harry Potter lose his Wheezy!\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s doubts vanished. Jumping to his feet he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, stuffed it into his bag, grabbed the gillyweed, and put it into his pocket, then tore out of the library with Dobby at his heels.\par
\ldblquote Dobby is supposed to be in the kitchens, sir!\rdblquote  Dobby squealed as they burst into the corridor. \ldblquote Dobby will be missed \emdash  good luck, Harry Potter, sir, good luck!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote See you later, Dobby!\rdblquote  Harry shouted, and he sprinted along the corridor and down the stairs, three at a time.\par
The entrance hall contained a few last-minute stragglers, all leaving the Great Hall after breakfast and heading through the double oak doors to watch the second task. They stared as Harry flashed past, sending Colin and Dennis Creevey flying as he leapt down the stone steps and out onto the bright, chilly grounds.\par
As he pounded down the lawn he saw that the seats that had en\-circled the dragons\rquote  enclosure in November were now ranged along the opposite bank, rising in stands that were packed to the bursting point and reflected in the lake below. The excited babble of the crowd echoed strangely across the water as Harry ran flat-out around the other side of the lake toward the judges, who were sit\-ting at another gold-draped table at the water\rquote s edge. Cedric, Fleur, and Krum were beside the judges\rquote  table, watching Harry sprint to\-ward them.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m \'85 here \'85\rdblquote  Harry panted, skidding to a halt in the mud and accidentally splattering Fleur\rquote s robes.\par
\ldblquote Where have you been?\rdblquote  said a bossy, disapproving voice. \ldblquote The task\rquote s about to start!\rdblquote\par
Harry looked around. Percy Weasley was sitting at the judges\rquote  table \emdash  Mr. Crouch had failed to turn up again.\par
\ldblquote Now, now, Percy!\rdblquote  said Ludo Bagman, who was looking in\-tensely relieved to see Harry. \ldblquote Let him catch his breath!\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore smiled at Harry, but Karkaroff and Madame Maxime didn\rquote t look at all pleased to see him. \'85 It was obvious from the looks on their faces that they had thought he wasn\rquote t going to turn up.\par
Harry bent over, hands on his knees, gasping for breath; he had a stitch in his side that felt as though he had a knife between his ribs, but there was no time to get rid of it; Ludo Bagman was now moving among the champions, spacing them along the bank at in\-tervals of ten feet. Harry was on the very end of the line, next to Krum, who was wearing swimming trunks and was holding his wand ready.\par
\ldblquote All right, Harry?\rdblquote  Bagman whispered as he moved Harry a few feet farther away from Krum. \ldblquote Know what you\rquote re going to do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  Harry panted, massaging his ribs.\par
Bagman gave Harry\rquote s shoulder a quick squeeze and returned to the judges\rquote  table; he pointed his wand at his throat as he had done at the World Cup, said, \ldblquote\i Sonorus\i0 !\rdblquote  and his voice boomed out across the dark water toward the stands.\par
\ldblquote Well, all our champions are ready for the second task, which will start on my whistle. They have precisely an hour to recover what has been taken from them. On the count of three, then. One \'85 two \'85 \i three\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The whistle echoed shrilly in the cold, still air; the stands erupted with cheers and applause; without looking to see what the other champions were doing, Harry pulled off his shoes and socks, pulled the handful of gillyweed out of his pocket, stuffed it into his mouth, and waded out into the lake.\par
It was so cold he felt the skin on his legs searing as though this were fire, not icy water. His sodden robes weighed him down as he walked in deeper; now the water was over his knees, and his rapidly numbing feet were slipping over silt and flat, slimy stones. He was chewing the gillyweed as hard and fast as he could; it felt unpleas\-antly slimy and rubbery, like octopus tentacles. Waist-deep in the freezing water he stopped, swallowed, and waited for something to happen.\par
He could hear laughter in the crowd and knew he must look stu\-pid, walking into the lake without showing any sign of magical power. The part of him that was still dry was covered in goose pim\-ples; half immersed in the icy water, a cruel breeze lifting his hair, Harry started to shiver violently. He avoided looking at the stands; the laughter was becoming louder, and there were catcalls and jeer\-ing from the Slytherins. \'85\par
Then, quite suddenly, Harry felt as though an invisible pillow had been pressed over his mouth and nose. He tried to draw breath, but it made his head spin; his lungs were empty, and he suddenly felt a piercing pain on either side of his neck \emdash\par
Harry clapped his hands around his throat and felt two large slits just below his ears, flapping in the cold air. \'85\i  He had gills.\i0  With\-out pausing to think, he did the only thing that made sense \emdash  he flung himself forward into the water.\par
The first gulp of icy lake water felt like the breath of life. His head had stopped spinning; he took another great gulp of water and felt it pass smoothly through his gills, sending oxygen back to his brain. He stretched out his hands in front of him and stared at them. They looked green and ghostly under the water, and they had become webbed. He twisted around and looked at his bare feet \emdash  they had become elongated and the toes were webbed too: It looked as though he had sprouted flippers.\par
The water didn\rquote t feel icy anymore either \'85 on the contrary, he felt pleasantly cool and very light. \'85 Harry struck out once more, marveling at how far and fast his flipper-like feet propelled him through the water, and noticing how clearly he could see, and how he no longer seemed to need to blink. He had soon swum so far into the lake that he could no longer see the bottom. He flipped over and dived into its depths.\par
Silence pressed upon his ears as he soared over a strange, dark, foggy landscape. He could only see ten feet around him, so that as he sped through the water new scenes seemed to loom suddenly out of the oncoming darkness: forests of rippling, tangled black weed, wide plains of mud littered with dull, glimmering stones. He swam deeper and deeper, out toward the middle of the lake, his eyes wide, staring through the eerily gray-lit water around him to the shadows beyond, where the water became opaque.\par
Small fish flickered past him like silver darts. Once or twice he thought he saw something larger moving ahead of him, but when he got nearer, he discovered it to be nothing but a large, blackened log, or a dense clump of weed. There was no sign of any of the other champions, merpeople, Ron \emdash  nor, thankfully, the giant squid.\par
Light green weed stretched ahead of him as far as he could see, two feet deep, like a meadow of very overgrown grass. Harry was staring unblinkingly ahead of him, trying to discern shapes through the gloom \'85 and then, without warning, something grabbed hold of his ankle.\par
Harry twisted his body around and saw a grindylow, a small, horned water demon, poking out of the weed, its long fingers clutched tightly around Harry\rquote s leg, its pointed fangs bared \emdash  Harry stuck his webbed hand quickly inside his robes and fumbled for his wand. By the time he had grasped it, two more grindylows had risen out of the weed, had seized handfuls of Harry\rquote s robes, and were attempting to drag him down.\par
\ldblquote\i Relashio\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry shouted, except that no sound came out. \'85 A large bubble issued from his mouth, and his wand, instead of send\-ing sparks at the grindylows, pelted them with what seemed to be a jet of boiling water, for where it struck them, angry red patches appeared on their green skin. Harry pulled his ankle out of the grindylows grip and swam, as fast as he could, occasionally sending more jets of hot water over his shoulder at random; every now and then he felt one of the grindylows snatch at his foot again, and he kicked out, hard; finally, he felt his foot connect with a horned skull, and looking back, saw the dazed grindylow floating away, cross-eyed, while its fellows shook their fists at Harry and sank back into the weed.\par
Harry slowed down a little, slipped his wand back inside his robes, and looked around, listening again. He turned full circle in the water, the silence pressing harder than ever against his eardrums. He knew he must be even deeper in the lake now, but nothing was moving but the rippling weed.\par
\ldblquote How are you getting on?\rdblquote\par
Harry thought he was having a heart attack. He whipped around and saw Moaning Myrtle floating hazily in front of him, gazing at him through her thick, pearly glasses.\par
\ldblquote Myrtle!\rdblquote  Harry tried to shout \emdash  but once again, nothing came out of his mouth but a very large bubble. Moaning Myrtle actually giggled.\par
\ldblquote You want to try over there!\rdblquote  she said, pointing. \ldblquote I won\rquote t come with you. \'85 I don\rquote t like them much, they always chase me when I get too close. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry gave her the thumbs-up to show his thanks and set off once more, careful to swim a bit higher over the weed to avoid any more grindylows that might be lurking there.\par
He swam on for what felt like at least twenty minutes. He was passing over vast expanses of black mud now, which swirled murk\-ily as he disturbed the water. Then, at long last, he heard a snatch of haunting mersong.\par
\par
\ldblquote\i An hour long you\rquote ll have to look,\par
And to recover what we took\i0  \'85\rdblquote\par
\par
Harry swam faster and soon saw a large rock emerge out of the muddy water ahead. It had paintings of merpeople on it; they were carrying spears and chasing what looked like the giant squid. Harry swam on past the rock, following the mersong.\par
\par
\ldblquote\'85 \i your time\rquote s half gone, so tarry not\par
Lest what you seek stays here to rot\i0 . \'85\rdblquote\par
\par
A cluster of crude stone dwellings stained with algae loomed suddenly out of the gloom on all sides. Here and there at the dark windows, Harry saw faces \'85 faces that bore no resemblance at all to the painting of the mermaid in the prefects\rquote  bathroom. \'85\par
The merpeople had grayish skin and long, wild, dark green hair. Their eyes were yellow, as were their broken teeth, and they wore thick ropes of pebbles around their necks. They leered at Harry as he swam past; one or two of them emerged from their caves to watch him better, their powerful, silver fish tails beating the water, spears clutched in their hands.\par
Harry sped on, staring around, and soon the dwellings became more numerous; there were gardens of weed around some of them, and he even saw a pet grindylow tied to a stake outside one door. Merpeople were emerging on all sides now, watching him eagerly, pointing at his webbed hands and gills, talking behind their hands to one another. Harry sped around a corner and a very strange sight met his eyes.\par
A whole crowd of merpeople was floating in front of the houses that lined what looked like a mer-version of a village square. A choir of merpeople was singing in the middle, calling the cham\-pions toward them, and behind them rose a crude sort of statue; a gigantic merperson hewn from a boulder. Four people were bound tightly to the tail of the stone merperson.\par
Ron was tied between Hermione and Cho Chang. There was also a girl who looked no older than eight, whose clouds of silvery hair made Harry feel sure that she was Fleur Delacour\rquote s sister. All four of them appeared to be in a very deep sleep. Their heads were lolling onto their shoulders, and fine streams of bubbles kept issu\-ing from their mouths.\par
Harry sped toward the hostages, half expecting the merpeople to lower their spears and charge at him, but they did nothing. The ropes of weed tying the hostages to the statue were thick, slimy, and very strong. For a fleeting second he thought of the knife Sirius had bought him for Christmas \emdash  locked in his trunk in the castle a quarter of a mile away, no use to him whatsoever.\par
He looked around. Many of the merpeople surrounding them were carrying spears. He swam swiftly toward a seven-foot-tall merman with a long green beard and a choker of shark fangs and tried to mime a request to borrow the spear. The merman laughed and shook his head.\par
\ldblquote We do not help,\rdblquote  he said in a harsh, croaky voice.\par
\ldblquote Come \i ON\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry said fiercely (but only bubbles issued from his mouth), and he tried to pull the spear away from the merman, but the merman yanked it back, still shaking his head and laughing.\par
Harry swirled around, staring about. Something sharp \'85 any\-thing \'85\par
There were rocks littering the lake bottom. He dived and snatched up a particularly jagged one and returned to the statue. He began to hack at the ropes binding Ron, and after several min\-utes\rquote  hard work, they broke apart. Ron floated, unconscious, a few inches above the lake bottom, drifting a little in the ebb of the water.\par
Harry looked around. There was no sign of any of the other champions. What were they playing at? Why didn\rquote t they hurry up? He turned back to Hermione, raised the jagged rock, and began to hack at her bindings too \emdash\par
At once, several pairs of strong gray hands seized him. Half a dozen mermen were pulling him away from Hermione, shaking their green-haired heads, and laughing.\par
\ldblquote You take your own hostage,\rdblquote  one of them said to him. \ldblquote Leave the others \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No way!\rdblquote  said Harry furiously \emdash  but only two large bubbles came out.\par
\ldblquote Your task is to retrieve your own friend \'85 leave the others \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i She\rquote s\i0  my friend too!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, gesturing toward Hermione, an enormous silver bubble emerging soundlessly from his lips. \ldblquote And I don\rquote t want \i them\i0  to die either!\rdblquote\par
Cho\rquote s head was on Hermione\rquote s shoulder; the small silver-haired girl was ghostly green and pale. Harry struggled to fight off the mermen, but they laughed harder than ever, holding him back. Harry looked wildly around. Where were the other champions? Would he have time to take Ron to the surface and come back down for Hermione and the others? Would he be able to find them again? He looked down at his watch to see how much time was left \emdash  it had stopped working.\par
But then the merpeople around him pointed excitedly over his head. Harry looked up and saw Cedric swimming toward them. There was an enormous bubble around his head, which made his features look oddly wide and stretched.\par
\ldblquote Got lost!\rdblquote  he mouthed, looking panic-stricken. \ldblquote Fleur and Krum\rquote re coming now!\rdblquote\par
Feeling enormously relieved, Harry watched Cedric pull a knife out of his pocket and cut Cho free. He pulled her upward and out of sight.\par
Harry looked around, waiting. Where were Fleur and Krum? Time was getting short, and according to the song, the hostages would be lost after an hour. \'85\par
The merpeople started screeching animatedly. Those holding Harry loosened their grip, staring behind them. Harry turned and saw something monstrous cutting through the water toward them: a human body in swimming trunks with the head of a shark. \'85 It was Krum. He appeared to have transfigured himself \emdash  but badly.\par
The shark-man swam straight to Hermione and began snapping and biting at her ropes; the trouble was that Krum\rquote s new teeth were positioned very awkwardly for biting anything smaller than a dol\-phin, and Harry was quite sure that if Krum wasn\rquote t careful, he was going to rip Hermione in half. Darting forward, Harry hit Krum hard on the shoulder and held up the jagged stone. Krum seized it and began to cut Hermione free. Within seconds, he had done it; he grabbed Hermione around the waist, and without a backward glance, began to rise rapidly with her toward the surface.\par
\i Now what\i0 ? Harry thought desperately. If he could be sure that Fleur was coming. \'85 But still no sign. There was nothing to be done except \'85\par
He snatched up the stone, which Krum had dropped, but the mermen now closed in around Ron and the little girl, shaking their heads at him. Harry pulled out his wand.\par
\ldblquote Get out of the way!\rdblquote\par
Only bubbles flew out of his mouth, but he had the distinct impression that the mermen had understood him, because they suddenly stopped laughing. Their yellowish eyes were fixed upon Harry\rquote s wand, and they looked scared. There might be a lot more of them than there were of him, but Harry could tell, by the looks on their faces, that they knew no more magic than the giant squid did.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve got until three!\rdblquote  Harry shouted; a great stream of bub\-bles burst from him, but he held up three fingers to make sure they got the message. \ldblquote One \'85\rdblquote  (he put down a finger) \ldblquote two \'85\rdblquote  (he put down a second one) \emdash\par
They scattered. Harry darted forward and began to hack at the ropes binding the small girl to the statue, and at last she was free. He seized the little girl around the waist, grabbed the neck of Ron\rquote s robes, and kicked off from the bottom.\par
It was very slow work. He could no longer use his webbed hands to propel himself forward; he worked his flippers furiously, but Ron and Fleur\rquote s sister were like potato-filled sacks dragging him back down. \'85 He fixed his eyes skyward, though he knew he must still be very deep, the water above him was so dark. \'85\par
Merpeople were rising with him. He could see them swirling around him with ease, watching him struggle through the wa\-ter. \'85 Would they pull him back down to the depths when the time was up? Did they perhaps eat humans? Harry\rquote s legs were seiz\-ing up with the effort to keep swimming; his shoulders were aching horribly with the effort of dragging Ron and the girl. \'85\par
He was drawing breath with extreme difficulty. He could feel pain on the sides of his neck again \'85 he was becoming very aware of how wet the water was in his mouth \'85 yet the darkness was definitely thinning now \'85 he could see daylight above him. \'85\par
He kicked hard with his flippers and discovered that they were nothing more than feet \'85 water was flooding through his mouth into his lungs \'85 he was starting to feel dizzy, but he knew light and air were only ten feet above him \'85 he had to get there \'85 he had to \'85\par
Harry kicked his legs so hard and fast it felt as though his mus\-cles were screaming in protest; his very brain felt waterlogged, he couldn\rquote t breathe, he needed oxygen, he had to keep going, he could not stop \emdash\par
And then he felt his head break the surface of the lake; wonder\-ful, cold, clear air was making his wet face sting; he gulped it down, feeling as though he had never breathed properly before, and, pant\-ing, pulled Ron and the little girl up with him. All around him, wild, green-haired heads were emerging out of the water with him, but they were smiling at him.\par
The crowd in the stands was making a great deal of noise; shout\-ing and screaming, they all seemed to be on their feet; Harry had the impression they thought that Ron and the little girl might be dead, but they were wrong \'85 both of them had opened their eyes; the girl looked scared and confused, but Ron merely expelled a great spout of water, blinked in the bright light, turned to Harry, and said, \ldblquote Wet, this, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  Then he spotted Fleur\rquote s sister. \ldblquote What did you bring her for?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fleur didn\rquote t turn up, I couldn\rquote t leave her,\rdblquote  Harry panted.\par
\ldblquote Harry, you prat,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote you didn\rquote t take that song thing se\-riously, did you? Dumbledore wouldn\rquote t have let any of us drown!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The song said \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It was only to make sure you got back inside the time limit!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I hope you didn\rquote t waste time down there acting the hero!\rdblquote\par
Harry felt both stupid and annoyed. It was all very well for Ron; \i he\rquote d\i0  been asleep, he hadn\rquote t felt how eerie it was down in the lake, surrounded by spear-carrying merpeople who\rquote d looked more than capable of murder.\par
\ldblquote C\rquote mon,\rdblquote  Harry said shortly, \ldblquote help me with her, I don\rquote t think she can swim very well.\rdblquote\par
They pulled Fleur\rquote s sister through the water, back toward the bank where the judges stood watching, twenty merpeople accompanying them like a guard of honor, singing their horrible screechy songs.\par
Harry could see Madam Pomfrey fussing over Hermione, Krum, Cedric, and Cho, all of whom were wrapped in thick blankets. Dumbledore and Ludo Bagman stood beaming at Harry and Ron from the bank as they swam nearer, but Percy, who looked very white and somehow much younger than usual, came splashing out to meet them. Meanwhile Madame Maxime was trying to restrain Fleur Delacour, who was quite hysterical, fighting tooth and nail to return to the water.\par
\ldblquote Gabrielle! \i Gabrielle\i0 ! \i Is she alive\i0 ? \i Is she \rquote urt\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s fine!\rdblquote  Harry tried to tell her, but he was so exhausted he could hardly talk, let alone shout.\par
Percy seized Ron and was dragging him back to the bank (\ldblquote Ger\-roff, Percy, I\rquote m all right!\rdblquote ); Dumbledore and Bagman were pulling Harry upright; Fleur had broken free of Madame Maxime and was hugging her sister.\par
\ldblquote It was ze grindylows \'85 zey attacked me \'85 oh Gabrielle, I thought \'85 I thought \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come here, you,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey. She seized Harry and pulled him over to Hermione and the others, wrapped him so tightly in a blanket that he felt as though he were in a straitjacket, and forced a measure of very hot potion down his throat. Steam gushed out of his ears.\par
\ldblquote Harry, well done!\rdblquote  Hermione cried. \ldblquote You did it, you found out how all by yourself!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry. He would have told her about Dobby, but he had just noticed Karkaroff watching him. He was the only judge who had not left the table; the only judge not showing signs of pleasure and relief that Harry, Ron, and Fleur\rquote s sister had got back safely. \ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Harry, raising his voice slightly so that Karkaroff could hear him.\par
\ldblquote You haff a water beetle in your hair, Herm-own-ninny,\rdblquote  said Krum. Harry had the impression that Krum was drawing her at\-tention back onto himself; perhaps to remind her that he had just rescued her from the lake, but Hermione brushed away the beetle impatiently and said, \ldblquote You\rquote re well outside the time limit, though, Harry. \'85 Did it take you ages to find us?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No \'85 I found you okay. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s feeling of stupidity was growing. Now he was out of the water, it seemed perfectly clear that Dumbledore\rquote s safety precau\-tions wouldn\rquote t have permitted the death of a hostage just because their champion hadn\rquote t turned up. Why hadn\rquote t he just grabbed Ron and gone? He would have been first back. \'85 Cedric and Krum hadn\rquote t wasted time worrying about anyone else; they hadn\rquote t taken the mersong seriously. \'85\par
Dumbledore was crouching at the water\rquote s edge, deep in conver\-sation with what seemed to be the chief merperson, a particularly wild and ferocious-looking female. He was making the same sort of screechy noises that the merpeople made when they were above wa\-ter; clearly, Dumbledore could speak Mermish. Finally he straight\-ened up, turned to his fellow judges, and said, \ldblquote A conference before we give the marks, I think.\rdblquote\par
The judges went into a huddle. Madam Pomfrey had gone to rescue Ron from Percy\rquote s clutches; she led him over to Harry and the others, gave him a blanket and some Pepperup Potion, then went to fetch Fleur and her sister. Fleur had many cuts on her face and arms and her robes were torn, but she didn\rquote t seem to care, nor would she allow Madam Pomfrey to clean them.\par
\ldblquote Look after Gabrielle,\rdblquote  she told her, and then she turned to Harry. \ldblquote You saved \rquote er,\rdblquote  she said breathlessly. \ldblquote Even though she was not your \rquote ostage.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, who was now heartily wishing he\rquote d left all three girls tied to the statue.\par
Fleur bent down, kissed Harry twice on each cheek (he felt his face burn and wouldn\rquote t have been surprised if steam was coming out of his ears again), then said to Ron, \ldblquote And you too \emdash  you \rquote elped \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking extremely hopeful, \ldblquote yeah, a bit \emdash\rdblquote\par
Fleur swooped down on him too and kissed him. Hermione looked simply furious, but just then, Ludo Bagman\rquote s magically magnified voice boomed out beside them, making them all jump, and causing the crowd in the stands to go very quiet.\par
\ldblquote Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our decision. Merchief\-tainess Murcus has told us exactly what happened at the bottom of the lake, and we have therefore decided to award marks out of fifty for each of the champions, as follows. \'85\par
\ldblquote Fleur Delacour, though she demonstrated excellent use of the Bubble-Head Charm, was attacked by grindylows as she ap\-proached her goal, and failed to retrieve her hostage. We award her twenty-five points.\rdblquote\par
Applause from the stands.\par
\ldblquote I deserved zero,\rdblquote  said Fleur throatily, shaking her magnificent head.\par
\ldblquote Cedric Diggory, who also used the Bubble-Head Charm, was first to return with his hostage, though he returned one minute outside the time limit of an hour.\rdblquote  Enormous cheers from the Huf\-flepuffs in the crowd; Harry saw Cho give Cedric a glowing look. \ldblquote We therefore award him forty-seven points.\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s heart sank. If Cedric had been outside the time limit, he most certainly had been.\par
\ldblquote Viktor Krum used an incomplete form of Transfiguration, which was nevertheless effective, and was second to return with his hostage. We award him forty points.\rdblquote\par
Karkaroff clapped particularly hard, looking very superior.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter used gillyweed to great effect,\rdblquote  Bagman contin\-ued. \ldblquote He returned last, and well outside the time limit of an hour. However, the Merchieftainess informs us that Mr. Potter was first to reach the hostages, and that the delay in his return was due to his determination to return all hostages to safety, not merely his own.\rdblquote\par
Ron and Hermione both gave Harry half-exasperated, half-commiserating looks.\par
\ldblquote Most of the judges,\rdblquote  and here, Bagman gave Karkaroff a very nasty look, \ldblquote feel that this shows moral fiber and merits full marks. However \'85 Mr. Potter\rquote s score is forty-five points.\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s stomach leapt \emdash  he was now tying for first place with \i Cedric.\i0  Ron and Hermione, caught by surprise, stared at Harry, then laughed and started applauding hard with the rest of the crowd.\par
\ldblquote There you go, Harry!\rdblquote  Ron shouted over the noise. \ldblquote You weren\rquote t being thick after all \emdash  you were showing moral fiber!\rdblquote\par
Fleur was clapping very hard too, but Krum didn\rquote t look happy at all. He attempted to engage Hermione in conversation again, but she was too busy cheering Harry to listen.\par
\ldblquote The third and final task will take place at dusk on the twenty-fourth of June,\rdblquote  continued Bagman. \ldblquote The champions will be noti\-fied of what is coming precisely one month beforehand. Thank you all for your support of the champions.\rdblquote\par
It was over, Harry thought dazedly, as Madam Pomfrey began herding the champions and hostages back to the castle to get into dry clothes \'85 it was over, he had got through \'85 he didn\rquote t have to worry about anything now until June the twenty-fourth. \'85\par
Next time he was in Hogsmeade, Harry decided as he walked back up the stone steps into the castle, he was going to buy Dobby a pair of socks for every day of the year.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 27\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Padfoot Returns\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
One of the best things about the aftermath of the second task was that everybody was very keen to hear details of what had happened down in the lake, which meant that Ron was getting to share Harry\rquote s limelight for once. Harry noticed that Ron\rquote s ver\-sion of events changed subtly with every retelling. At first, he gave what seemed to be the truth; it tallied with Hermione\rquote s story, any\-way \emdash  Dumbledore had put all the hostages into a bewitched sleep in Professor McGonagall\rquote s office, first assuring them that they would be quite safe, and would awake when they were back above the water. One week later, however, Ron was telling a thrilling tale of kidnap in which he struggled single-handedly against fifty heav\-ily armed merpeople who had to beat him into submission before tying him up.\par
\ldblquote But I had my wand hidden up my sleeve,\rdblquote  he assured Padma Patil, who seemed to be a lot keener on Ron now that he was get\-ting so much attention and was making a point of talking to him every time they passed in the corridors. \ldblquote I could\rquote ve taken those mer-idiots any time I wanted.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What were you going to do, snore at them?\rdblquote  said Hermione waspishly. People had been teasing her so much about being the thing that Viktor Krum would most miss that she was in a rather tetchy mood.\par
Ron\rquote s ears went red, and thereafter, he reverted to the bewitched sleep version of events.\par
As they entered March the weather became drier, but cruel winds skinned their hands and faces every time they went out onto the grounds. There were delays in the post because the owls kept being blown off course. The brown owl that Harry had sent to Sir\-ius with the dates of the Hogsmeade weekend turned up at break\-fast on Friday morning with half its feathers sticking up the wrong way; Harry had no sooner torn off Sirius\rquote s reply than it took flight, clearly afraid it was going to be sent outside again.\par
Sirius\rquote s letter was almost as short as the previous one.\par
\par
\i Be at stile at end of road out of Hogsmeade (past Dervish and Banges) at two o\rquote clock on Saturday afternoon. Bring as much food as you can.\par
\i0\par
\ldblquote He hasn\rquote t come back to Hogsmeade?\rdblquote  said Ron incredulously.\par
\ldblquote It looks like it, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t believe him,\rdblquote  said Harry tensely, \ldblquote if he\rquote s caught \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Made it so far, though, hasn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote And it\rquote s not like the place is swarming with dementors anymore.\rdblquote\par
Harry folded up the letter, thinking. If he was honest with him\-self, he really wanted to see Sirius again. He therefore approached the final lesson of the afternoon \emdash  double Potions \emdash  feeling con\-siderably more cheerful than he usually did when descending the steps to the dungeons.\par
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were standing in a huddle outside the classroom door with Pansy Parkinson\rquote s gang of Slytherin girls. All of them were looking at something Harry couldn\rquote t see and snig\-gering heartily. Pansy\rquote s pug-like face peered excitedly around Goyle\rquote s broad back as Harry, Ron, and Hermione approached.\par
\ldblquote There they are, there they are!\rdblquote  she giggled, and the knot of Slytherins broke apart. Harry saw that Pansy had a magazine in her hands \emdash  \i Witch Weekly\i0 . The moving picture on the front showed a curly-haired witch who was smiling toothily and pointing at a large sponge cake with her wand.\par
\ldblquote You might find something to interest you in there, Granger!\rdblquote  Pansy said loudly, and she threw the magazine at Hermione, who caught it, looking startled. At that moment, the dungeon door opened, and Snape beckoned them all inside.\par
Hermione, Harry, and Ron headed for a table at the back of the dungeon as usual. Once Snape had turned his back on them to write up the ingredients of today\rquote s potion on the blackboard, Hermione hastily rifled through the magazine under the desk. At last, in the center pages, Hermione found what they were looking for. Harry and Ron leaned in closer. A color photograph of Harry headed a short piece entitled:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Harry Potter\rquote s Secret Heartache\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj A boy like no other, perhaps \emdash  yet a boy suffering all the usual pangs of adolescence, \i writes Rita Skeeter.\i0  Deprived of love since the tragic demise of his parents, fourteen-year-old Harry Potter thought he had found solace in his steady girlfriend at Hogwarts, Muggle-born Hermione Granger. Little did he know that he would shortly be suffer\-ing yet another emotional blow in a life already lit\-tered with personal loss.\par
Miss Granger, a plain but ambitious girl, seems to have a taste for famous wizards that Harry alone cannot satisfy. Since the arrival at Hogwarts of Vik\-tor Krum, Bulgarian Seeker and hero of the last World Quidditch Cup, Miss Granger has been toy\-ing with both boys\rquote  affections. Krum, who is openly smitten with the devious Miss Granger, has already invited her to visit him in Bulgaria over the summer holidays, and insists that he has \ldblquote never felt this way about any other girl.\rdblquote\par
However, it might not be Miss Granger\rquote s doubt\-ful natural charms that have captured these unfor\-tunate boys\rquote  interest.\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s really ugly,\rdblquote  says Pansy Parkinson, a pretty and vivacious fourth-year student, \ldblquote but she\rquote d be well up to making a Love Potion, she\rquote s quite brainy. I think that\rquote s how she\rquote s doing it.\rdblquote\par
Love Potions are, of course, banned at Hog\-warts, and no doubt Albus Dumbledore will want to investigate these claims. In the meantime, Harry Potter\rquote s well-wishers must hope that, next time, he bestows his heart on a worthier candidate.\par
\par
\ldblquote I told you!\rdblquote  Ron hissed at Hermione as she stared down at the article. \ldblquote I \i told\i0  you not to annoy Rita Skeeter! She\rquote s made you out to be some sort of \emdash  of scarlet woman!\rdblquote\par
Hermione stopped looking astonished and snorted with laughter. \ldblquote\i Scarlet woman\i0 ?\rdblquote  she repeated, shaking with suppressed giggles as she looked around at Ron.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s what my mum calls them,\rdblquote  Ron muttered, his ears going red.\par
\ldblquote If that\rquote s the best Rita can do, she\rquote s losing her touch,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione, still giggling, as she threw \i Witch Weekly\i0  onto the empty chair beside her. \ldblquote What a pile of old rubbish.\rdblquote\par
She looked over at the Slytherins, who were all watching her and Harry closely across the room to see if they had been upset by the article. Hermione gave them a sarcastic smile and a wave, and she, Harry, and Ron started unpacking the ingredients they would need for their Wit-Sharpening Potion.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s something funny, though,\rdblquote  said Hermione ten minutes later, holding her pestle suspended over a bowl of scarab beetles. \ldblquote How could Rita Skeeter have known \'85 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Known what?\rdblquote  said Ron quickly. \ldblquote You \i haven\rquote t\i0  been mixing up Love Potions, have you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be stupid,\rdblquote  Hermione snapped, starting to pound up her beetles again. \ldblquote No, it\rquote s just \'85 how did she know Viktor asked me to visit him over the summer?\rdblquote\par
Hermione blushed scarlet as she said this and determinedly avoided Ron\rquote s eyes.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron, dropping his pestle with a loud clunk.\par
\ldblquote He asked me right after he\rquote d pulled me out of the lake,\rdblquote  Hermione muttered. \ldblquote After he\rquote d got rid of his shark\rquote s head. Madam Pomfrey gave us both blankets and then he sort of pulled me away from the judges so they wouldn\rquote t hear, and he said, if I wasn\rquote t doing anything over the summer, would I like to \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And what did you say?\rdblquote  said Ron, who had picked up his pestle and was grinding it on the desk, a good six inches from his bowl, because he was looking at Hermione.\par
\ldblquote And he \i did\i0  say he\rquote d never felt the same way about anyone else,\rdblquote  Hermione went on, going so red now that Harry could almost feel the heat coming from her, \ldblquote but how could Rita Skeeter have heard him? She wasn\rquote t there \'85 or was she? Maybe she \i has\i0  got an Invisi\-bility Cloak; maybe she sneaked onto the grounds to watch the sec\-ond task. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And what did you say?\rdblquote  Ron repeated, pounding his pestle down so hard that it dented the desk.\par
\ldblquote Well, I was too busy seeing whether you and Harry were okay to \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fascinating though your social life undoubtedly is, Miss Granger,\rdblquote  said an icy voice right behind them, and all three of them jumped, \ldblquote I must ask you not to discuss it in my class. Ten points from Gryffindor.\rdblquote\par
Snape had glided over to their desk while they were talking. The whole class was now looking around at them; Malfoy took the op\-portunity to flash \i POTTER STINKS\i0  across the dungeon at Harry.\par
\ldblquote Ah \'85 reading magazines under the table as well?\rdblquote  Snape added, snatching up the copy of \i Witch Weekly.\i0  \ldblquote A further ten points from Gryffindor \'85 oh but of course \'85\rdblquote  Snape\rquote s black eyes glit\-tered as they fell on Rita Skeeter\rquote s article. \ldblquote Potter has to keep up with his press cuttings. \'85\rdblquote\par
The dungeon rang with the Slytherins\rquote  laughter, and an un\-pleasant smile curled Snape\rquote s thin mouth. To Harry\rquote s fury, he began to read the article aloud.\par
\ldblquote  \lquote\i Harry Potter\rquote s Secret Heartache\i0  \'85 dear, dear, Potter, what\rquote s ail\-ing you now? \lquote\i A boy like no other, perhaps\i0  \'85\rquote  \rdblquote\par
Harry could feel his face burning. Snape was pausing at the end of every sentence to allow the Slytherins a hearty laugh. The article sounded ten times worse when read by Snape. Even Hermione was blushing scarlet now.\par
\ldblquote  \lquote\'85 \i Harry Potter\rquote s well-wishers must hope that, next time, he be\-stows his heart upon a worthier candidate.\i0\rquote  How very touching,\rdblquote  sneered Snape, rolling up the magazine to continued gales of laughter from the Slytherins. \ldblquote Well, I think I had better separate the three of you, so you can keep your minds on your potions rather than on your tangled love lives. Weasley, you stay here. Miss Granger, over there, beside Miss Parkinson. Potter \emdash  that table in front of my desk. Move. Now.\rdblquote\par
Furious, Harry threw his ingredients and his bag into his caul\-dron and dragged it up to the front of the dungeon to the empty table. Snape followed, sat down at his desk and watched Harry un\-load his cauldron. Determined not to look at Snape, Harry re\-sumed the mashing of his scarab beetles, imagining each one to have Snape\rquote s face.\par
\ldblquote All this press attention seems to have inflated your already over-large head, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape quietly, once the rest of the class had settled down again.\par
Harry didn\rquote t answer. He knew Snape was trying to provoke him; he had done this before. No doubt he was hoping for an excuse to take a round fifty points from Gryffindor before the end of the class.\par
\ldblquote You might be laboring under the delusion that the entire wiz\-arding world is impressed with you,\rdblquote  Snape went on, so quietly that no one else could hear him (Harry continued to pound his scarab beetles, even though he had already reduced them to a very fine powder), \ldblquote but I don\rquote t care how many times your picture ap\-pears in the papers. To me, Potter, you are nothing but a nasty lit\-tle boy who considers rules to be beneath him.\rdblquote\par
Harry tipped the powdered beetles into his cauldron and started cutting up his ginger roots. His hands were shaking slightly out of anger, but he kept his eyes down, as though he couldn\rquote t hear what Snape was saying to him.\par
\ldblquote So I give you fair warning, Potter,\rdblquote  Snape continued in a softer and more dangerous voice, \ldblquote pint-sized celebrity or not \emdash  if I catch you breaking into my office one more time \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I haven\rquote t been anywhere near your office!\rdblquote  said Harry angrily, forgetting his feigned deafness.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t lie to me,\rdblquote  Snape hissed, his fathomless black eyes boring into Harry\rquote s. \ldblquote Boomslang skin. Gillyweed. Both come from my private stores, and I know who stole them.\rdblquote\par
Harry stared back at Snape, determined not to blink or to look guilty. In truth, he hadn\rquote t stolen either of these things from Snape. Hermione had taken the boomslang skin back in their second year \emdash  they had needed it for the Polyjuice Potion \emdash  and while Snape had suspected Harry at the time, he had never been able to prove it. Dobby, of course, had stolen the gillyweed.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know what you\rquote re talking about,\rdblquote  Harry lied coldly.\par
\ldblquote You were out of bed on the night my office was broken into!\rdblquote  Snape hissed. \ldblquote I know it, Potter! Now, Mad-Eye Moody might have joined your fan club, but I will not tolerate your behavior! One more nighttime stroll into my office, Potter, and you will pay!\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry coolly, turning back to his ginger roots. \ldblquote I\rquote ll bear that in mind if I ever get the urge to go in there.\rdblquote\par
Snape\rquote s eyes flashed. He plunged a hand into the inside of his black robes. For one wild moment, Harry thought Snape was about to pull out his wand and curse him \emdash  then he saw that Snape had drawn out a small crystal bottle of a completely clear po\-tion. Harry stared at it.\par
\ldblquote Do you know what this is, Potter?\rdblquote  Snape said, his eyes glitter\-ing dangerously again.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, with complete honesty this time.\par
\ldblquote It is Veritaserum \emdash  a Truth Potion so powerful that three drops would have you spilling your innermost secrets for this entire class to hear,\rdblquote  said Snape viciously. \ldblquote Now, the use of this potion is con\-trolled by very strict Ministry guidelines. But unless you watch your step, you might just find that my hand \i slips\i0\rdblquote  \emdash  he shook the crystal bottle slightly \emdash  \ldblquote right over your evening pumpkin juice. And then, Potter \'85 then we\rquote ll find out whether you\rquote ve been in my office or not.\rdblquote\par
Harry said nothing. He turned back to his ginger roots once more, picked up his knife, and started slicing them again. He didn\rquote t like the sound of that Truth Potion at all, nor would he put it past Snape to slip him some. He repressed a shudder at the thought of what might come spilling out of his mouth if Snape did it \'85 quite apart from landing a whole lot of people in trouble \emdash  Hermione and Dobby for a start \emdash  there were all the other things he was concealing \'85 like the fact that he was in contact with Sirius \'85 and \emdash  his insides squirmed at the thought \emdash  how he felt about Cho. \'85 He tipped his ginger roots into the cauldron too, and wondered whether he ought to take a leaf out of Moody\rquote s book and start drinking only from a private hip flask.\par
There was a knock on the dungeon door.\par
\ldblquote Enter,\rdblquote  said Snape in his usual voice.\par
The class looked around as the door opened. Professor Karkaroff came in. Everyone watched him as he walked up toward Snape\rquote s desk. He was twisting his finger around his goatee and looking agitated.\par
\ldblquote We need to talk,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff abruptly when he had reached Snape. He seemed so determined that nobody should hear what he was saying that he was barely opening his lips; it was as though he were a rather poor ventriloquist. Harry kept his eyes on his ginger roots, listening hard.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll talk to you after my lesson, Karkaroff,\rdblquote  Snape muttered, but Karkaroff interrupted him.\par
\ldblquote I want to talk now, while you can\rquote t slip off, Severus. You\rquote ve been avoiding me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote After the lesson,\rdblquote  Snape snapped.\par
Under the pretext of holding up a measuring cup to see if he\rquote d poured out enough armadillo bile, Harry sneaked a sidelong glance at the pair of them. Karkaroff looked extremely worried, and Snape looked angry.\par
Karkaroff hovered behind Snape\rquote s desk for the rest of the double period. He seemed intent on preventing Snape from slipping away at the end of class. Keen to hear what Karkaroff wanted to say, Harry deliberately knocked over his bottle of armadillo bile with two minutes to go to the bell, which gave him an excuse to duck down behind his cauldron and mop up while the rest of the class moved noisily toward the door.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s so urgent?\rdblquote  he heard Snape hiss at Karkaroff.\par
\ldblquote\i This\i0 ,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff, and Harry, peering around the edge of his cauldron, saw Karkaroff pull up the left-hand sleeve of his robe and show Snape something on his inner forearm.\par
\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  said Karkaroff, still making every effort not to move his lips. \ldblquote Do you see? It\rquote s never been this clear, never since \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Put it away!\rdblquote  snarled Snape, his black eyes sweeping the class\-room.\par
\ldblquote But you must have noticed \emdash\rdblquote  Karkaroff began in an agitated voice.\par
\ldblquote We can talk later, Karkaroff!\rdblquote  spat Snape. \ldblquote Potter! What are you doing?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Clearing up my armadillo bile, Professor,\rdblquote  said Harry inno\-cently, straightening up and showing Snape the sodden rag he was holding.\par
Karkaroff turned on his heel and strode out of the dungeon. He looked both worried and angry. Not wanting to remain alone with an exceptionally angry Snape, Harry threw his books and ingredi\-ents back into his bag and left at top speed to tell Ron and Hermione what he had just witnessed.\par
\par
They left the castle at noon the next day to find a weak silver sun shining down upon the grounds. The weather was milder than it had been all year, and by the time they arrived in Hogsmeade, all three of them had taken off their cloaks and thrown them over their shoulders. The food Sirius had told them to bring was in Harry\rquote s bag; they had sneaked a dozen chicken legs, a loaf of bread, and a flask of pumpkin juice from the lunch table.\par
They went into Gladrags Wizardwear to buy a present for Dobby, where they had fun selecting the most lurid socks they could find, including a pair patterned with flashing gold and silver stars, and another that screamed loudly when they became too smelly. Then, at half past one, they made their way up the High Street, past Dervish and Banges, and out toward the edge of the village.\par
Harry had never been in this direction before. The winding lane was leading them out into the wild countryside around Hogsmeade. The cottages were fewer here, and their gardens larger; they were walking toward the foot of the mountain in whose shadow Hogsmeade lay. Then they turned a corner and saw a stile at the end of the lane. Waiting for them, its front paws on the topmost bar, was a very large, shaggy black dog, which was carrying some newspapers in its mouth and looking very familiar. \'85\par
\ldblquote Hello, Sirius,\rdblquote  said Harry when they had reached him.\par
The black dog sniffed Harry\rquote s bag eagerly, wagged its tail once, then turned and began to trot away from them across the scrubby patch of ground that rose to meet the rocky foot of the mountain. Harry, Ron, and Hermione climbed over the stile and followed.\par
Sirius led them to the very foot of the mountain, where the ground was covered with boulders and rocks. It was easy for him, with his four paws, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione were soon out of breath. They followed Sirius higher, up onto the mountain itself. For nearly half an hour they climbed a steep, winding, and stony path, following Sirius\rquote s wagging tail, sweating in the sun, the shoul\-der straps of Harry\rquote s bag cutting into his shoulders.\par
Then, at last, Sirius slipped out of sight, and when they reached the place where he had vanished, they saw a narrow fissure in the rock. They squeezed into it and found themselves in a cool, dimly lit cave. Tethered at the end of it, one end of his rope around a large rock, was Buckbeak the hippogriff. Half gray horse, half giant ea\-gle, Buckbeak\rquote s fierce orange eye flashed at the sight of them. All three of them bowed low to him, and after regarding them imperi\-ously for a moment, Buckbeak bent his scaly front knees and al\-lowed Hermione to rush forward and stroke his feathery neck. Harry, however, was looking at the black dog, which had just turned into his godfather.\par
Sirius was wearing ragged gray robes; the same ones he had been wearing when he had left Azkaban. His black hair was longer than it had been when he had appeared in the fire, and it was untidy and matted once more. He looked very thin.\par
\ldblquote Chicken!\rdblquote  he said hoarsely after removing the old \i Daily Prophets \i0 from his mouth and throwing them down onto the cave floor.\par
Harry pulled open his bag and handed over the bundle of chicken legs and bread.\par
\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Sirius, opening it, grabbing a drumstick, sitting down on the cave floor, and tearing off a large chunk with his teeth. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been living off rats mostly. Can\rquote t steal too much food from Hogsmeade; I\rquote d draw attention to myself.\rdblquote\par
He grinned up at Harry, but Harry returned the grin only reluctantly.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote re you doing here, Sirius?\rdblquote  he said.\par
\ldblquote Fulfilling my duty as godfather,\rdblquote  said Sirius, gnawing on the chicken bone in a very doglike way. \ldblquote Don\rquote t worry about it, I\rquote m pre\-tending to be a lovable stray.\rdblquote\par
He was still grinning, but seeing the anxiety in Harry\rquote s face, said more seriously, \ldblquote I want to be on the spot. Your last letter \'85 well, let\rquote s just say things are getting fishier. I\rquote ve been stealing the paper every time someone throws one out, and by the looks of things, I\rquote m not the only one who\rquote s getting worried.\rdblquote\par
He nodded at the yellowing \i Daily Prophets\i0  on the cave floor, and Ron picked them up and unfolded them. Harry, however, contin\-ued to stare at Sirius.\par
\ldblquote What if they catch you? What if you\rquote re seen?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You three and Dumbledore are the only ones around here who know I\rquote m an Animagus,\rdblquote  said Sirius, shrugging, and continuing to devour the chicken leg.\par
Ron nudged Harry and passed him the \i Daily Prophets.\i0  There were two: The first bore the headline \i Mystery Illness of Bartemius Crouch,\i0  the second, \i Ministry Witch Still Missing\i0  \emdash  \i Minister of Magic Now Personally Involved.\i0\par
Harry scanned the story about Crouch. Phrases jumped out at him: \i hasn\rquote t been seen in public since November\i0  \'85 \i house appears deserted\i0  \'85 \i St. Mungo\rquote s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries decline comment\i0  \'85 \i Ministry refuses to confirm rumors of critical illness. \'85\i0\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re making it sound like he\rquote s dying,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly. \ldblquote But he can\rquote t be that ill if he managed to get up here. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My brother\rquote s Crouch\rquote s personal assistant,\rdblquote  Ron informed Sirius. \ldblquote He says Crouch is suffering from overwork.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mind you, he \i did\i0  look ill, last time I saw him up close,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly, still reading the story. \ldblquote The night my name came out of the goblet. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Getting his comeuppance for sacking Winky, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Hermione, an edge to her voice. She was stroking Buckbeak, who was crunching up Sirius\rquote s chicken bones. \ldblquote I bet he wishes he hadn\rquote t done it now \emdash  bet he feels the difference now she\rquote s not there to look after him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione\rquote s obsessed with house-elfs,\rdblquote  Ron muttered to Sirius, casting Hermione a dark look. Sirius, however, looked interested.\par
\ldblquote Crouch sacked his house-elf?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, at the Quidditch World Cup,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he launched into the story of the Dark Mark\rquote s appearance, and Winky being found with Harry\rquote s wand clutched in her hand, and Mr. Crouch\rquote s fury. When Harry had finished, Sirius was on his feet again and had started pacing up and down the cave.\par
\ldblquote Let me get this straight,\rdblquote  he said after a while, brandishing a fresh chicken leg. \ldblquote You first saw the elf in the Top Box. She was sav\-ing Crouch a seat, right?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry, Ron, and Hermione together.\par
\ldblquote But Crouch didn\rquote t turn up for the match?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I think he said he\rquote d been too busy.\rdblquote\par
Sirius paced all around the cave in silence. Then he said, \ldblquote Harry, did you check your pockets for your wand after you\rquote d left the Top Box?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Erm \'85\rdblquote  Harry thought hard. \ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he said finally. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t need to use it before we got in the forest. And then I put my hand in my pocket, and all that was in there were my Omnioculars.\rdblquote  He stared at Sirius. \ldblquote Are you saying whoever conjured the Mark stole my wand in the Top Box?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s possible,\rdblquote  said Sirius.\par
\ldblquote Winky didn\rquote t steal that wand!\rdblquote  Hermione insisted.\par
\ldblquote The elf wasn\rquote t the only one in that box,\rdblquote  said Sirius, his brow furrowed as he continued to pace. \ldblquote Who else was sitting behind you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Loads of people,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Some Bulgarian ministers \'85 Cornelius Fudge \'85 the Malfoys \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The Malfoys!\rdblquote  said Ron suddenly, so loudly that his voice echoed all around the cave, and Buckbeak tossed his head ner\-vously. \ldblquote I bet it was Lucius Malfoy!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Anyone else?\rdblquote  said Sirius.\par
\ldblquote No one,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Yes, there was, there was Ludo Bagman,\rdblquote  Hermione reminded him.\par
\ldblquote Oh yeah \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know anything about Bagman except that he used to be Beater for the Wimbourne Wasps,\rdblquote  said Sirius, still pacing. \ldblquote What\rquote s he like?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s okay,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He keeps offering to help me with the Triwizard Tournament.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Does he, now?\rdblquote  said Sirius, frowning more deeply. \ldblquote I wonder why he\rquote d do that?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Says he\rquote s taken a liking to me,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Hmm,\rdblquote  said Sirius, looking thoughtful.\par
\ldblquote We saw him in the forest just before the Dark Mark appeared,\rdblquote  Hermione told Sirius. \ldblquote Remember?\rdblquote  she said to Harry and Ron.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, but he didn\rquote t stay in the forest, did he?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote The moment we told him about the riot, he went off to the campsite.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How d\rquote you know?\rdblquote  Hermione shot back. \ldblquote How d\rquote you know where he Disapparated to?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come off it,\rdblquote  said Ron incredulously. \ldblquote Are you saying you reckon Ludo Bagman conjured the Dark Mark?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s more likely he did it than Winky,\rdblquote  said Hermione stubbornly.\par
\ldblquote Told you,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking meaningfully at Sirius, \ldblquote told you she\rquote s obsessed with house \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Sirius held up a hand to silence Ron.\par
\ldblquote When the Dark Mark had been conjured, and the elf had been discovered holding Harry\rquote s wand, what did Crouch do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Went to look in the bushes,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but there wasn\rquote t any\-one else there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  Sirius muttered, pacing up and down, \ldblquote of course, he\rquote d want to pin it on anyone but his own elf \'85 and then he sacked her?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a heated voice, \ldblquote he sacked her, just be\-cause she hadn\rquote t stayed in her tent and let herself get trampled \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione, will you give it a rest with the elf!\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
Sirius shook his head and said, \ldblquote She\rquote s got the measure of Crouch better than you have, Ron. If you want to know what a man\rquote s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.\rdblquote\par
He ran a hand over his unshaven face, evidently thinking hard.\par
\ldblquote All these absences of Barty Crouch\rquote s \'85 he goes to the trouble of making sure his house-elf saves him a seat at the Quidditch World Cup, but doesn\rquote t bother to turn up and watch. He works very hard to reinstate the Triwizard Tournament, and then stops coming to that too. \'85 It\rquote s not like Crouch. If he\rquote s ever taken a day off work because of illness before this, I\rquote ll eat Buckbeak.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote D\rquote you know Crouch, then?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Sirius\rquote s face darkened. He suddenly looked as menacing as he had the night when Harry first met him, the night when Harry still believed Sirius to be a murderer.\par
\ldblquote Oh I know Crouch all right,\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote He was the one who gave the order for me to be sent to Azkaban \emdash  without a trial.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Ron and Hermione together.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re kidding!\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote No, I\rquote m not,\rdblquote  said Sirius, taking another great bite of chicken. \ldblquote Crouch used to be Head of the Department of Magical Law En\-forcement, didn\rquote t you know?\rdblquote\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione shook their heads.\par
\ldblquote He was tipped for the next Minister of Magic,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote He\rquote s a great wizard, Barty Crouch, powerfully magical \emdash  and power-hungry. Oh never a Voldemort supporter,\rdblquote  he said, reading the look on Harry\rquote s face. \ldblquote No, Barty Crouch was always very out\-spoken against the Dark Side. But then a lot of people who were against the Dark Side \'85 well, you wouldn\rquote t understand \'85 you\rquote re too young. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s what my dad said at the World Cup,\rdblquote  said Ron, with a trace of irritation in his voice. \ldblquote Try us, why don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
A grin flashed across Sirius\rquote s thin face.\par
\ldblquote All right, I\rquote ll try you. \'85\rdblquote  He walked once up the cave, back again, and then said, \ldblquote Imagine that Voldemort\rquote s powerful now. You don\rquote t know who his supporters are, you don\rquote t know who\rquote s working for him and who isn\rquote t; you know he can control people so that they do terrible things without being able to stop themselves. You\rquote re scared for yourself, and your family, and your friends. Every week, news comes of more deaths, more disappearances, more tortur\-ing \'85 the Ministry of Magic\rquote s in disarray, they don\rquote t know what to do, they\rquote re trying to keep everything hidden from the Muggles, but meanwhile, Muggles are dying too. Terror everywhere \'85 panic \'85 confusion \'85 that\rquote s how it used to be.\par
\ldblquote Well, times like that bring out the best in some people and the worst in others. Crouch\rquote s principles might\rquote ve been good in the be\-ginning \emdash  I wouldn\rquote t know. He rose quickly through the Ministry, and he started ordering very harsh measures against Voldemort\rquote s supporters. The Aurors were given new powers \emdash  powers to kill rather than capture, for instance. And I wasn\rquote t the only one who was handed straight to the dementors without trial. Crouch fought violence with violence, and authorized the use of the Unforgivable Curses against suspects. I would say he became as ruthless and cruel as many on the Dark Side. He had his supporters, mind you \emdash  plenty of people thought he was going about things the right way, and there were a lot of witches and wizards clamoring for him to take over as Minister of Magic. When Voldemort disappeared, it looked like only a matter of time until Crouch got the top job. But then something rather unfortunate happened. \'85\rdblquote  Sirius smiled grimly. \ldblquote Crouch\rquote s own son was caught with a group of Death Eaters who\rquote d managed to talk their way out of Azkaban. Appar\-ently they were trying to find Voldemort and return him to power.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Crouch\rquote s \i son\i0  was caught?\rdblquote  gasped Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Sirius, throwing his chicken bone to Buckbeak, flinging himself back down on the ground beside the loaf of bread, and tearing it in half. \ldblquote Nasty little shock for old Barty, I\rquote d imagine. Should have spent a bit more time at home with his family, shouldn\rquote t he? Ought to have left the office early once in a while \'85 gotten to know his own son.\rdblquote\par
He began to wolf down large pieces of bread.\par
\ldblquote\i Was\i0  his son a Death Eater?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  said Sirius, still stuffing down bread. \ldblquote I was in Azka\-ban myself when he was brought in. This is mostly stuff I\rquote ve found out since I got out. The boy was definitely caught in the company of people I\rquote d bet my life were Death Eaters \emdash  but he might have been in the wrong place at the wrong time, just like the house-elf.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did Crouch try and get his son off?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered.\par
Sirius let out a laugh that was much more like a bark.\par
\ldblquote Crouch let his son off? I thought you had the measure of him, Hermione! Anything that threatened to tarnish his reputation had to go; he had dedicated his whole life to becoming Minister of Magic. You saw him dismiss a devoted house-elf because she asso\-ciated him with the Dark Mark again \emdash  doesn\rquote t that tell you what he\rquote s like? Crouch\rquote s fatherly affection stretched just far enough to give his son a trial, and by all accounts, it wasn\rquote t much more than an excuse for Crouch to show how much he hated the boy \'85 then he sent him straight to Azkaban.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He gave his own son to the dementors?\rdblquote  asked Harry quietly.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Sirius, and he didn\rquote t look remotely amused now. \ldblquote I saw the dementors bringing him in, watched them through the bars in my cell door. He can\rquote t have been more than nineteen. They took him into a cell near mine. He was screaming for his mother by nightfall. He went quiet after a few days, though \'85 they all went quiet in the end \'85 except when they shrieked in their sleep. \'85\rdblquote\par
For a moment, the deadened look in Sirius\rquote s eyes became more pronounced than ever, as though shutters had closed behind them.\par
\ldblquote So he\rquote s still in Azkaban?\rdblquote  Harry said.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Sirius dully. \ldblquote No, he\rquote s not in there anymore. He died about a year after they brought him in.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He \i died\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He wasn\rquote t the only one,\rdblquote  said Sirius bitterly. \ldblquote Most go mad in there, and plenty stop eating in the end. They lose the will to live. You could always tell when a death was coming, because the de\-mentors could sense it, they got excited. That boy looked pretty sickly when he arrived. Crouch being an important Ministry mem\-ber, he and his wife were allowed a deathbed visit. That was the last time I saw Barty Crouch, half carrying his wife past my cell. She died herself, apparently, shortly afterward. Grief. Wasted away just like the boy. Crouch never came for his son\rquote s body. The dementors buried him outside the fortress; I watched them do it.\rdblquote\par
Sirius threw aside the bread he had just lifted to his mouth and instead picked up the flask of pumpkin juice and drained it.\par
\ldblquote So old Crouch lost it all, just when he thought he had it made,\rdblquote  he continued, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. \ldblquote One moment, a hero, poised to become Minister of Magic \'85 next, his son dead, his wife dead, the family name dishonored, and, so I\rquote ve heard since I escaped, a big drop in popularity. Once the boy had died, people started feeling a bit more sympathetic toward the son and started asking how a nice young lad from a good family had gone so badly astray. The conclusion was that his father never cared much for him. So Cornelius Fudge got the top job, and Crouch was shunted sideways into the Department of International Magi\-cal Cooperation.\rdblquote\par
There was a long silence. Harry was thinking of the way Crouch\rquote s eyes had bulged as he\rquote d looked down at his disobedient house-elf back in the wood at the Quidditch World Cup. This, then, must have been why Crouch had overreacted to Winky being found beneath the Dark Mark. It had brought back memories of his son, and the old scandal, and his fall from grace at the Ministry.\par
\ldblquote Moody says Crouch is obsessed with catching Dark wizards,\rdblquote  Harry told Sirius.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I\rquote ve heard it\rquote s become a bit of a mania with him,\rdblquote  said Sir\-ius, nodding. \ldblquote If you ask me, he still thinks he can bring back the old popularity by catching one more Death Eater.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And he sneaked up here to search Snape\rquote s office!\rdblquote  said Ron tri\-umphantly, looking at Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Yes, and that doesn\rquote t make sense at all,\rdblquote  said Sirius.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, it does!\rdblquote  said Ron excitedly, but Sirius shook his head.\par
\ldblquote Listen, if Crouch wants to investigate Snape, why hasn\rquote t he been coming to judge the tournament? It would be an ideal excuse to make regular visits to Hogwarts and keep an eye on him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So you think Snape could be up to something, then?\rdblquote  asked Harry, but Hermione broke in.\par
\ldblquote Look, I don\rquote t care what you say, Dumbledore trusts Snape \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh give it a rest, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron impatiently. \ldblquote I know Dumbledore\rquote s brilliant and everything, but that doesn\rquote t mean a re\-ally clever Dark wizard couldn\rquote t fool him \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why did Snape save Harry\rquote s life in the first year, then? Why didn\rquote t he just let him die?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I dunno \emdash  maybe he thought Dumbledore would kick him out \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you think, Sirius?\rdblquote  Harry said loudly, and Ron and Hermione stopped bickering to listen.\par
\ldblquote I think they\rquote ve both got a point,\rdblquote  said Sirius, looking thought\-fully at Ron and Hermione. \ldblquote Ever since I found out Snape was teach\-ing here, I\rquote ve wondered why Dumbledore hired him. Snape\rquote s always been fascinated by the Dark Arts, he was famous for it at school. Slimy, oily, greasy-haired kid, he was,\rdblquote  Sirius added, and Harry and Ron grinned at each other. \ldblquote Snape knew more curses when he ar\-rived at school than half the kids in seventh year, and he was part of a gang of Slytherins who nearly all turned out to be Death Eaters.\rdblquote\par
Sirius held up his fingers and began ticking off names.\par
\ldblquote Rosier and Wilkes \emdash  they were both killed by Aurors the year before Voldemort fell. The Lestranges \emdash  they\rquote re a married couple \emdash  they\rquote re in Azkaban. Avery \emdash  from what I\rquote ve heard he wormed his way out of trouble by saying he\rquote d been acting under the Imperius Curse \emdash  he\rquote s still at large. But as far as I know, Snape was never even accused of being a Death Eater \emdash  not that that means much. Plenty of them were never caught. And Snape\rquote s certainly clever and cunning enough to keep himself out of trouble.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Snape knows Karkaroff pretty well, but he wants to keep that quiet,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, you should\rquote ve seen Snape\rquote s face when Karkaroff turned up in Potions yesterday!\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote Karkaroff wanted to talk to Snape, he says Snape\rquote s been avoiding him. Karkaroff looked really worried. He showed Snape something on his arm, but I couldn\rquote t see what it was.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He showed Snape something on his arm?\rdblquote  said Sirius, looking frankly bewildered. He ran his fingers distractedly through his filthy hair, then shrugged again. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote ve no idea what that\rquote s about \'85 but if Karkaroff\rquote s genuinely worried, and he\rquote s going to Snape for answers \'85\rdblquote\par
Sirius stared at the cave wall, then made a grimace of frustration.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s still the fact that Dumbledore trusts Snape, and I know Dumbledore trusts where a lot of other people wouldn\rquote t, but I just can\rquote t see him letting Snape teach at Hogwarts if he\rquote d ever worked for Voldemort.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why are Moody and Crouch so keen to get into Snape\rquote s office then?\rdblquote  said Ron stubbornly.\par
\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Sirius slowly, \ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t put it past Mad-Eye to have searched every single teacher\rquote s office when he got to Hog\-warts. He takes his Defense Against the Dark Arts seriously, Moody. I\rquote m not sure \i he\i0  trusts anyone at all, and after the things he\rquote s seen, it\rquote s not surprising. I\rquote ll say this for Moody, though, he never killed if he could help it. Always brought people in alive where pos\-sible. He was tough, but he never descended to the level of the Death Eaters. Crouch, though \'85 he\rquote s a different matter \'85 is he really ill? If he is, why did he make the effort to drag himself up to Snape\rquote s office? And if he\rquote s not \'85 what\rquote s he up to? What was he doing at the World Cup that was so important he didn\rquote t turn up in the Top Box? What\rquote s he been doing while he should have been judging the tournament?\rdblquote\par
Sirius lapsed into silence, still staring at the cave wall. Buckbeak was ferreting around on the rocky floor, looking for bones he might have overlooked. Finally, Sirius looked up at Ron.\par
\ldblquote You say your brother\rquote s Crouch\rquote s personal assistant? Any chance you could ask him if he\rquote s seen Crouch lately?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I can try,\rdblquote  said Ron doubtfully. \ldblquote Better not make it sound like I reckon Crouch is up to anything dodgy, though. Percy loves Crouch.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And you might try and find out whether they\rquote ve got any leads on Bertha Jorkins while you\rquote re at it,\rdblquote  said Sirius, gesturing to the second copy of the \i Daily Prophet\i0 .\par
\ldblquote Bagman told me they hadn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Yes, he\rquote s quoted in the article in there,\rdblquote  said Sirius, nodding at the paper. \ldblquote Blustering on about how bad Bertha\rquote s memory is. Well, maybe she\rquote s changed since I knew her, but the Bertha I knew wasn\rquote t forgetful at all \emdash  quite the reverse. She was a bit dim, but she had an excellent memory for gossip. It used to get her into a lot of trou\-ble; she never knew when to keep her mouth shut. I can see her being a bit of a liability at the Ministry of Magic \'85 maybe that\rquote s why Bagman didn\rquote t bother to look for her for so long. \'85\rdblquote\par
Sirius heaved an enormous sigh and rubbed his shadowed eyes.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the time?\rdblquote\par
Harry checked his watch, then remembered it hadn\rquote t been work\-ing since it had spent over an hour in the lake.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s half past three,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d better get back to school,\rdblquote  Sirius said, getting to his feet. \ldblquote Now listen \'85\rdblquote  He looked particularly hard at Harry. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want you lot sneaking out of school to see me, all right? Just send notes to me here. I still want to hear about anything odd. But you\rquote re not to go leaving Hogwarts without permission; it would be an ideal opportunity for someone to attack you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No one\rquote s tried to attack me so far, except a dragon and a couple of grindylows,\rdblquote  Harry said, but Sirius scowled at him.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t care \'85 I\rquote ll breathe freely again when this tournament\rquote s over, and that\rquote s not until June. And don\rquote t forget, if you\rquote re talking about me among yourselves, call me Snuffles, okay?\rdblquote\par
He handed Harry the empty napkin and flask and went to pat Buckbeak good-bye. \ldblquote I\rquote ll walk to the edge of the village with you,\rdblquote  said Sirius, \ldblquote see if I can scrounge another paper.\rdblquote\par
He transformed into the great black dog before they left the cave, and they walked back down the mountainside with him, across the boulder-strewn ground, and back to the stile. Here he allowed each of them to pat him on the head, before turning and setting off at a run around the outskirts of the village. Harry, Ron, and Hermione made their way back into Hogsmeade and up to\-ward Hogwarts.\par
\ldblquote Wonder if Percy knows all that stuff about Crouch?\rdblquote  Ron said as they walked up the drive to the castle. \ldblquote But maybe he doesn\rquote t care \'85 it\rquote d probably just make him admire Crouch even more. Yeah, Percy loves rules. He\rquote d just say Crouch was refusing to break them for his own son.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Percy would never throw any of his family to the dementors,\rdblquote  said Hermione severely.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote If he thought we were standing in the way of his career \'85 Percy\rquote s really ambitious, you know. \'85\rdblquote\par
They walked up the stone steps into the entrance hall, where the delicious smells of dinner wafted toward them from the Great Hall.\par
\ldblquote Poor old Snuffles,\rdblquote  said Ron, breathing deeply. \ldblquote He must really like you, Harry. \'85 Imagine having to live off rats.\rdblquote\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 28\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Madness of Mr. Crouch\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione went up to the Owlery after breakfast on Sunday to send a letter to Percy, asking, as Sirius had suggested, whether he had seen Mr. Crouch lately. They used Hedwig, because it had been so long since she\rquote d had a job. When they had watched her fly out of sight through the Owlery window, they proceeded down to the kitchen to give Dobby his new socks.\par
The house-elves gave them a very cheery welcome, bowing and curtsying and bustling around making tea again. Dobby was ecsta\-tic about his present.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter is too good to Dobby!\rdblquote  he squeaked, wiping large tears out of his enormous eyes.\par
\ldblquote You saved my life with that gillyweed, Dobby, you really did,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote No chance of more of those eclairs, is there?\rdblquote  said Ron, who was looking around at the beaming and bowing house-elves.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve just had breakfast!\rdblquote  said Hermione irritably, but a great silver platter of eclairs was already zooming toward them, sup\-ported by four elves.\par
\ldblquote We should get some stuff to send up to Snuffles,\rdblquote  Harry muttered.\par
\ldblquote Good idea,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Give Pig something to do. You couldn\rquote t give us a bit of extra food, could you?\rdblquote  he said to the surrounding elves, and they bowed delightedly and hurried off to get some more.\par
\ldblquote Dobby, where\rquote s Winky?\rdblquote  said Hermione, who was looking around.\par
\ldblquote Winky is over there by the fire, miss,\rdblquote  said Dobby quietly, his ears drooping slightly.\par
\ldblquote Oh dear,\rdblquote  said Hermione as she spotted Winky.\par
Harry looked over at the fireplace too. Winky was sitting on the same stool as last time, but she had allowed herself to become so filthy that she was not immediately distinguishable from the smoke-blackened brick behind her. Her clothes were ragged and unwashed. She was clutching a bottle of butterbeer and swaying slightly on her stool, staring into the fire. As they watched her, she gave an enormous hiccup.\par
\ldblquote Winky is getting through six bottles a day now,\rdblquote  Dobby whis\-pered to Harry.\par
\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s not strong, that stuff,\rdblquote  Harry said.\par
But Dobby shook his head. \ldblquote  \rquote Tis strong for a house-elf, sir,\rdblquote  he said.\par
Winky hiccuped again. The elves who had brought the eclairs gave her disapproving looks as they returned to work.\par
\ldblquote Winky is pining,  Harry Potter,\rdblquote   Dobby whispered sadly. \ldblquote Winky wants to go home. Winky still thinks Mr. Crouch is her master, sir, and nothing Dobby says will persuade her that Profes\-sor Dumbledore is her master now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hey, Winky,\rdblquote  said Harry, struck by a sudden inspiration, walk\-ing over to her, and bending down, \ldblquote you don\rquote t know what Mr. Crouch might be up to, do you? Because he\rquote s stopped turning up to judge the Triwizard Tournament.\rdblquote\par
Winky\rquote s eyes flickered. Her enormous pupils focused on Harry. She swayed slightly again and then said, \ldblquote M \emdash  Master is stopped \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  coming?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote we haven\rquote t seen him since the first task. The \i Daily Prophet\rquote s\i0  saying he\rquote s ill.\rdblquote\par
Winky swayed some more, staring blurrily at Harry.\par
\ldblquote Master \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  ill?\rdblquote\par
Her bottom lip began to tremble.\par
\ldblquote But we\rquote re not sure if that\rquote s true,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly.\par
\ldblquote Master is needing his \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  Winky!\rdblquote  whimpered the elf. \ldblquote Master cannot \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  manage \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  all by himself. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Other people manage to do their own housework, you know, Winky,\rdblquote  Hermione said severely.\par
\ldblquote Winky \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  is not only \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  doing housework for Mr. Crouch!\rdblquote  Winky squeaked indignantly, swaying worse than ever and slopping butterbeer down her already heavily stained blouse. \ldblquote Master is \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  trusting Winky with \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  the most important \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  the most secret \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
But Winky shook her head very hard, spilling more butterbeer down herself.\par
\ldblquote Winky keeps \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  her master\rquote s secrets,\rdblquote  she said muti\-nously, swaying very heavily now, frowning up at Harry with her eyes crossed. \ldblquote You is \emdash  \i hi\i0 c\i  \i0\emdash  nosing, you is.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Winky must not talk like that to Harry Potter!\rdblquote  said Dobby an\-grily. \ldblquote Harry Potter is brave and noble and Harry Potter is not nosy!\par
\ldblquote He is nosing \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  into my master\rquote s \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  private and secret \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  Winky is a good house-elf \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  Winky keeps her silence \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  people trying to \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash  pry and poke \emdash  \i hic\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
Winky\rquote s eyelids drooped and suddenly, without warning, she slid off her stool into the hearth, snoring loudly. The empty bottle of butterbeer rolled away across the stone-flagged floor. Half a dozen house-elves came hurrying forward, looking disgusted. One of them picked up the bottle; the others covered Winky with a large checked tablecloth and tucked the ends in neatly, hiding her from view.\par
\ldblquote We is sorry you had to see that, sirs and miss!\rdblquote  squeaked a nearby elf, shaking his head and looking very ashamed. \ldblquote We is hop\-ing you will not judge us all by Winky, sirs and miss!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s unhappy!\rdblquote  said Hermione, exasperated. \ldblquote Why don\rquote t you try and cheer her up instead of covering her up?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Begging your pardon, miss,\rdblquote  said the house-elf, bowing deeply again, \ldblquote but house-elves has no right to be unhappy when there is work to be done and masters to be served.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh for heaven\rquote s sake!\rdblquote  Hermione cried. \ldblquote Listen to me, all of you! You\rquote ve got just as much right as wizards to be unhappy! You\rquote ve got the right to wages and holidays and proper clothes, you don\rquote t have to do everything you\rquote re told \emdash  look at Dobby!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Miss will please keep Dobby out of this,\rdblquote  Dobby mumbled, looking scared. The cheery smiles had vanished from the faces of the house-elves around the kitchen. They were suddenly looking at Hermione as though she were mad and dangerous.\par
\ldblquote We has your extra food!\rdblquote  squeaked an elf at Harry\rquote s elbow, and he shoved a large ham, a dozen cakes, and some fruit into Harry\rquote s arms. \ldblquote Good-bye!\rdblquote\par
The house-elves crowded around Harry, Ron, and Hermione and began shunting them out of the kitchen, many little hands pushing in the smalls of their backs.\par
\ldblquote Thank you for the socks, Harry Potter!\rdblquote  Dobby called miser\-ably from the hearth, where he was standing next to the lumpy tablecloth that was Winky.\par
\ldblquote You couldn\rquote t keep your mouth shut, could you, Hermione?\rdblquote  said Ron angrily as the kitchen door slammed shut behind them. \ldblquote They won\rquote t want us visiting them now! We could\rquote ve tried to get more stuff out of Winky about Crouch!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh as if you care about that!\rdblquote  scoffed Hermione. \ldblquote You only like coming down here for the food!\rdblquote\par
It was an irritable sort of day after that. Harry got so tired of Ron and Hermione sniping at each other over their homework in the common room that he took Sirius\rquote s food up to the Owlery that evening on his own.\par
Pigwidgeon was much too small to carry an entire ham up to the mountain by himself, so Harry enlisted the help of two school screech owls as well. When they had set off into the dusk, looking extremely odd carrying the large package between them, Harry leaned on the windowsill, looking out at the grounds, at the dark, rustling treetops of the Forbidden Forest, and the rippling sails of the Durmstrang ship. An eagle owl flew through the coil of smoke rising from Hagrid\rquote s chimney; it soared toward the castle, around the Owlery, and out of sight. Looking down, Harry saw Hagrid digging energetically in front of his cabin. Harry wondered what he was doing; it looked as though he were making a new vegetable patch. As he watched, Madame Maxime emerged from the Beaux\-batons carriage and walked over to Hagrid. She appeared to be try\-ing to engage him in conversation. Hagrid leaned upon his spade, but did not seem keen to prolong their talk, because Madame Maxime returned to the carriage shortly afterward.\par
Unwilling to go back to Gryffindor Tower and listen to Ron and Hermione snarling at each other, Harry watched Hagrid digging until the darkness swallowed him and the owls around Harry be\-gan to awake, swooshing past him into the night.\par
\par
By breakfast the next day Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s bad moods had burnt out, and to Harry\rquote s relief, Ron\rquote s dark predictions that the house-elves would send substandard food up to the Gryffindor table because Hermione had insulted them proved false; the bacon, eggs, and kippers were quite as good as usual.\par
When the post owls arrived, Hermione looked up eagerly; she seemed to be expecting something.\par
\ldblquote Percy won\rquote t\rquote ve had time to answer yet,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote We only sent Hedwig yesterday.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, it\rquote s not that,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I\rquote ve taken out a subscription to the \i Daily Prophet.\i0  I\rquote m getting sick of finding everything out from the Slytherins.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good thinking!\rdblquote  said Harry, also looking up at the owls. \ldblquote Hey, Hermione, I think you\rquote re in luck \emdash\rdblquote\par
A gray owl was soaring down toward Hermione.\par
\ldblquote It hasn\rquote t got a newspaper, though,\rdblquote  she said, looking disap\-pointed. \ldblquote It\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\par
But to her bewilderment, the gray owl landed in front of her plate, closely followed by four barn owls, a brown owl, and a tawny.\par
\ldblquote How many subscriptions did you take out?\rdblquote  said Harry, seizing Hermione\rquote s goblet before it was knocked over by the cluster of owls, all of whom were jostling close to her, trying to deliver their own letter first.\par
\ldblquote What on earth \emdash  ?\rdblquote  Hermione said, taking the letter from the gray owl, opening it, and starting to read. \ldblquote Oh really!\rdblquote  she sput\-tered, going rather red.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s up?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s \emdash  oh how ridiculous \emdash\rdblquote\par
She thrust the letter at Harry, who saw that it was not handwrit\-ten, but composed from pasted letters that seemed to have been cut out of the \i Daily Prophet.\i0\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc You are a WickEd giRL. HarRy PotTER desErves\par
BeTteR. GO back wherE you cAMe from mUGgle.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re all like it!\rdblquote  said Hermione desperately, opening one let\-ter after another. \ldblquote  \lquote\i Harry Potter can do much better than the likes of you. \'85\i0\rquote  \lquote\i You deserve to be boiled in frog spawn\i0 . \'85\rquote  Ouch!\rdblquote\par
She had opened the last envelope, and yellowish-green liquid smelling strongly of petrol gushed over her hands, which began to erupt in large yellow boils.\par
\ldblquote Undiluted bubotuber pus!\rdblquote  said Ron, picking up the envelope gingerly and sniffing it.\par
\ldblquote Ow!\rdblquote  said Hermione, tears starting in her eyes as she tried to rub the pus off her hands with a napkin, but her fingers were now so thickly covered in painful sores that it looked as though she were wearing a pair of thick, knobbly gloves.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d better get up to the hospital wing,\rdblquote  said Harry as the owls around Hermione took flight. \ldblquote We\rquote ll tell Professor Sprout where you\rquote ve gone. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I warned her!\rdblquote  said Ron as Hermione hurried out of the Great Hall, cradling her hands. \ldblquote I warned her not to annoy Rita Skeeter! Look at this one \'85\rdblquote  He read out one of the letters Hermione had left behind: \ldblquote  \lquote\i I read in\i0  Witch Weekly \i about how you are playing Harry Potter false and that boy has had enough hardship and I will be sending you a curse by next post as soon as I can find a big enough en\-velope.\i0\rquote  Blimey, she\rquote d better watch out for herself.\rdblquote\par
Hermione didn\rquote t turn up for Herbology. As Harry and Ron left the greenhouse for their Care of Magical Creatures class, they saw Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle descending the stone steps of the castle. Pansy Parkinson was whispering and giggling behind them with her gang of Slytherin girls. Catching sight of Harry, Pansy called, \ldblquote Potter, have you split up with your girlfriend? Why was she so up\-set at breakfast?\rdblquote\par
Harry ignored her; he didn\rquote t want to give her the satisfaction of knowing how much trouble the \i Witch Weekly\i0  article had caused.\par
Hagrid, who had told them last lesson that they had finished with unicorns, was waiting for them outside his cabin with a fresh supply of open crates at his feet. Harry\rquote s heart sank at the sight of the crates \emdash  surely not another skrewt hatching? \emdash  but when he got near enough to see inside, he found himself looking at a num\-ber of fluffy black creatures with long snouts. Their front paws were curiously flat, like spades, and they were blinking up at the class, looking politely puzzled at all the attention.\par
\ldblquote These\rquote re nifflers,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, when the class had gathered around. \ldblquote Yeh find \rquote em down mines mostly. They like sparkly stuff. \'85 There yeh go, look.\rdblquote\par
One of the nifflers had suddenly leapt up and attempted to bite Pansy Parkinson\rquote s watch off her wrist. She shrieked and jumped backward.\par
\ldblquote Useful little treasure detectors,\rdblquote  said Hagrid happily. \ldblquote Thought we\rquote d have some fun with \rquote em today. See over there?\rdblquote  He pointed at the large patch of freshly turned earth Harry had watched him dig\-ging from the Owlery window. \ldblquote I\rquote ve buried some gold coins. I\rquote ve got a prize fer whoever picks the niffler that digs up most. Jus\rquote  take off all yer valuables, an\rquote  choose a niffler, an\rquote  get ready ter set \rquote em loose.\rdblquote\par
Harry took off his watch, which he was only wearing out of habit, as it didn\rquote t work anymore, and stuffed it into his pocket. Then he picked up a niffler. It put its long snout in Harry\rquote s ear and sniffed enthusiastically. It was really quite cuddly.\par
\ldblquote Hang on,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking down into the crate, \ldblquote there\rquote s a spare niffler here \'85 who\rquote s missin\rquote ? Where\rquote s Hermione?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She had to go to the hospital wing,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll explain later,\rdblquote  Harry muttered; Pansy Parkinson was listening.\par
It was easily the most fun they had ever had in Care of Magical Creatures. The nifflers dived in and out of the patch of earth as though it were water, each scurrying back to the student who had released it and spitting gold into their hands. Ron\rquote s was particularly efficient; it had soon filled his lap with coins.\par
\ldblquote Can you buy these as pets, Hagrid?\rdblquote  he asked excitedly as his niffler dived back into the soil, splattering his robes.\par
\ldblquote Yer mum wouldn\rquote  be happy, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, grinning. \ldblquote They wreck houses, nifflers. I reckon they\rquote ve nearly got the lot, now,\rdblquote  he added, pacing around the patch of earth while the nifflers continued to dive. \ldblquote I on\rquote y buried a hundred coins. Oh there y\rquote are, Hermione!\rdblquote\par
Hermione was walking toward them across the lawn. Her hands were very heavily bandaged and she looked miserable. Pansy Parkinson was watching her beadily.\par
\ldblquote Well, let\rquote s check how yeh\rquote ve done!\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Count yer coins! An\rquote  there\rquote s no point tryin\rquote  ter steal any, Goyle,\rdblquote  he added, his beetle-black eyes narrowed. \ldblquote It\rquote s leprechaun gold. Vanishes after a few hours.\rdblquote\par
Goyle emptied his pockets, looking extremely sulky. It turned out that Ron\rquote s niffler had been most successful, so Hagrid gave him an enormous slab of Honeydukes chocolate for a prize. The bell rang across the grounds for lunch; the rest of the class set off back to the castle, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione stayed behind to help Hagrid put the nifflers back in their boxes. Harry noticed Madame Maxime watching them out of her carriage window.\par
\ldblquote What yeh done ter your hands, Hermione?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, look\-ing concerned.\par
Hermione told him about the hate mail she had received that morning, and the envelope full of bubotuber pus.\par
\ldblquote Aaah, don\rquote  worry,\rdblquote  said Hagrid gently, looking down at her. \ldblquote I got some o\rquote  those letters an\rquote  all, after Rita Skeeter wrote abou\rquote  me mum. \lquote\i Yeh\rquote re a monster an\rquote  yeh should be put down\i0 .\rquote  \lquote\i Yer mother killed innocent people an\rquote  if you had any decency you\rquote d jump in a lake.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking shocked.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, heaving the niffler crates over by his cabin wall. \ldblquote They\rquote re jus\rquote  nutters, Hermione. Don\rquote  open \rquote em if yeh get any more. Chuck \rquote em straigh\rquote  in the fire.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You missed a really good lesson,\rdblquote  Harry told Hermione as they headed back toward the castle. \ldblquote They\rquote re good, nifflers, aren\rquote t they, Ron?\rdblquote\par
Ron, however, was frowning at the chocolate Hagrid had given him. He looked thoroughly put out about something.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Wrong flavor?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron shortly. \ldblquote Why didn\rquote t you tell me about the gold?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What gold?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote The gold I gave you at the Quidditch World Cup,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote The leprechaun gold I gave you for my Omnioculars. In the Top Box. Why didn\rquote t you tell me it disappeared?\rdblquote\par
Harry had to think for a moment before he realized what Ron was talking about.\par
\ldblquote Oh \'85\rdblquote  he said, the memory coming back to him at last. \ldblquote I dunno \'85 I never noticed it had gone. I was more worried about my wand, wasn\rquote t I?\rdblquote\par
They climbed the steps into the entrance hall and went into the Great Hall for lunch.\par
\ldblquote Must be nice,\rdblquote  Ron said abruptly, when they had sat down and started serving themselves roast beef and Yorkshire puddings. \ldblquote To have so much money you don\rquote t notice if a pocketful of Galleons goes missing.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Listen, I had other stuff on my mind that night!\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently. \ldblquote We all did, remember?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t know leprechaun gold vanishes,\rdblquote  Ron muttered. \ldblquote I thought I was paying you back. You shouldn\rquote t\rquote ve given me that Chudley Cannon hat for Christmas.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Forget it, all right?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Ron speared a roast potato on the end of his fork, glaring at it. Then he said, \ldblquote I hate being poor.\rdblquote\par
Harry and Hermione looked at each other. Neither of them re\-ally knew what to say.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s rubbish,\rdblquote  said Ron, still glaring down at his potato. \ldblquote I don\rquote t blame Fred and George for trying to make some extra money. Wish I could. Wish I had a niffler.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, we know what to get you next Christmas,\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one brightly. Then, when Ron continued to look gloomy, she said, \ldblquote Come on, Ron, it could be worse. At least your fingers aren\rquote t full of pus.\rdblquote  Hermione was having a lot of difficulty managing her knife and fork, her fingers were so stiff and swollen. \ldblquote I \i hate\i0  that Skeeter woman!\rdblquote  she burst out savagely. \ldblquote I\rquote ll get her back for this if it\rquote s the last thing I do!\rdblquote\par
\par
Hate mail continued to arrive for Hermione over the following week, and although she followed Hagrid\rquote s advice and stopped opening it, several of her ill-wishers sent Howlers, which exploded at the Gryffindor table and shrieked insults at her for the whole Hall to hear. Even those people who didn\rquote t read \i Witch Weekly\i0  knew all about the supposed Harry-Krum-Hermione triangle now. Harry was getting sick of telling people that Hermione wasn\rquote t his girlfriend.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote ll die down, though,\rdblquote  he told Hermione, \ldblquote if we just ignore it. \'85 People got bored with that stuff she wrote about me last time \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I want to know how she\rquote s listening into private conversations when she\rquote s supposed to be banned from the grounds!\rdblquote  said Hermione angrily.\par
Hermione hung back in their next Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson to ask Professor Moody something. The rest of the class was very eager to leave; Moody had given them such a rigorous test of hex-deflection that many of them were nursing small injuries. Harry had such a bad case of Twitchy Ears, he had to hold his hands clamped over them as he walked away from the class.\par
\ldblquote Well, Rita\rquote s definitely not using an Invisibility Cloak!\rdblquote  Hermione panted five minutes later, catching up with Harry and Ron in the entrance hall and pulling Harry\rquote s hand away from one of his wiggling ears so that he could hear her. \ldblquote Moody says he didn\rquote t see her anywhere near the judges\rquote  table at the second task, or any\-where near the lake!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione, is there any point in telling you to drop this?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Hermione stubbornly. \ldblquote I want to know how she heard me talking to Viktor! \i And\i0  how she found out about Hagrid\rquote s mum!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe she had you bugged,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Bugged?\rdblquote  said Ron blankly. \ldblquote What \'85 put fleas on her or something?\rdblquote\par
Harry started explaining about hidden microphones and record\-ing equipment. Ron was fascinated, but Hermione interrupted them.\par
\ldblquote Aren\rquote t you two \i ever\i0  going to read \i Hogwarts, A History\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the point?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You know it by heart, we can just ask you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All those substitutes for magic Muggles use \emdash  electricity, com\-puters, and radar, and all those things \emdash  they all go haywire around Hogwarts, there\rquote s too much magic in the air. No, Rita\rquote s us\-ing magic to eavesdrop, she must be. \'85 If I could just find out what it is \'85 ooh, if it\rquote s illegal, I\rquote ll have her \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Haven\rquote t we got enough to worry about?\rdblquote  Ron asked her. \ldblquote Do we have to start a vendetta against Rita Skeeter as well?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not asking you to help!\rdblquote  Hermione snapped. \ldblquote I\rquote ll do it on my own!\rdblquote\par
She marched back up the marble staircase without a backward glance. Harry was quite sure she was going to the library.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the betting she comes back with a box of \i I Hate Rita Skeeter\i0  badges?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
Hermione, however, did not ask Harry and Ron to help her pur\-sue vengeance against Rita Skeeter, for which they were both grate\-ful, because their workload was mounting ever higher in the days before the Easter holidays. Harry frankly marveled at the fact that Hermione could research magical methods of eavesdropping as well as everything else they had to do. He was working flat-out just to get through all their homework, though he made a point of sending regular food packages up to the cave in the mountain for Sirius; after last summer, Harry had not forgotten what it felt like to be continually hungry. He enclosed notes to Sirius, telling him that nothing out of the ordinary had happened, and that they were still waiting for an answer from Percy.\par
Hedwig didn\rquote t return until the end of the Easter holidays. Percy\rquote s letter was enclosed in a package of Easter eggs that Mrs. Weasley had sent. Both Harry\rquote s and Ron\rquote s were the size of dragon eggs and full of homemade toffee. Hermione\rquote s, however, was smaller than a chicken egg. Her face fell when she saw it.\par
\ldblquote Your mum doesn\rquote t read \i Witch Weekly,\i0  by any chance, does she, Ron?\rdblquote  she asked quietly.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, whose mouth was full of toffee. \ldblquote Gets it for the recipes.\rdblquote\par
Hermione looked sadly at her tiny egg.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t you want to see what Percy\rquote s written?\rdblquote  Harry asked her hastily.\par
Percy\rquote s letter was short and irritated.\par
\par
\i As I am constantly telling the\i0  Daily Prophet, \i Mr. Crouch is taking a well-deserved break. He is sending in regular owls with instructions. No, I haven\rquote t actually seen him, but I think I can be trusted to know my own superior\rquote s handwriting. I have quite enough to do at the moment without trying to quash these ridiculous rumors. Please don\rquote t bother me again unless it\rquote s something important. Happy Easter.\i0\par
\par
The start of the summer term would normally have meant that Harry was training hard for the last Quidditch match of the season. This year, however, it was the third and final task in the Triwizard Tournament for which he needed to prepare, but he still didn\rquote t know what he would have to do. Finally, in the last week of May, Professor McGonagall held him back in Transfiguration.\par
\ldblquote You are to go down to the Quidditch field tonight at nine o\rquote clock, Potter,\rdblquote  she told him. \ldblquote Mr. Bagman will be there to tell the champions about the third task.\rdblquote\par
So at half past eight that night, Harry left Ron and Hermione in Gryffindor Tower and went downstairs. As he crossed the entrance hall, Cedric came up from the Hufflepuff common room.\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon it\rquote s going to be?\rdblquote  he asked Harry as they went together down the stone steps, out into the cloudy night. \ldblquote Fleur keeps going on about underground tunnels; she reckons we\rquote ve got to find treasure.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That wouldn\rquote t be too bad,\rdblquote  said Harry, thinking that he would simply ask Hagrid for a niftier to do the job for him.\par
They walked down the dark lawn to the Quidditch stadium, turned through a gap in the stands, and walked out onto the field.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote ve they done to it?\rdblquote  Cedric said indignantly, stopping dead.\par
The Quidditch field was no longer smooth and flat. It looked as though somebody had been building long, low walls all over it that twisted and crisscrossed in every direction.\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re hedges!\rdblquote  said Harry, bending to examine the nearest one.\par
\ldblquote Hello there!\rdblquote  called a cheery voice.\par
Ludo Bagman was standing in the middle of the field with Krum and Fleur. Harry and Cedric made their way toward them, climbing over the hedges. Fleur beamed at Harry as he came nearer. Her attitude toward him had changed completely since he had saved her sister from the lake.\par
\ldblquote Well, what d\rquote you think?\rdblquote  said Bagman happily as Harry and Cedric climbed over the last hedge. \ldblquote Growing nicely, aren\rquote t they? Give them a month and Hagrid\rquote ll have them twenty feet high. Don\rquote t worry,\rdblquote  he added, grinning, spotting the less-than-happy expressions on Harry\rquote s and Cedric\rquote s faces, \ldblquote you\rquote ll have your Quid\-ditch field back to normal once the task is over! Now, I imagine you can guess what we\rquote re making here?\rdblquote\par
No one spoke for a moment. Then \emdash\par
\ldblquote Maze,\rdblquote  grunted Krum.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s right!\rdblquote  said Bagman. \ldblquote A maze. The third task\rquote s really very straightforward. The Triwizard Cup will be placed in the center of the maze. The first champion to touch it will receive full marks.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We seemply \rquote ave to get through the maze?\rdblquote  said Fleur.\par
\ldblquote There will be obstacles,\rdblquote  said Bagman happily, bouncing on the balls of his feet. \ldblquote Hagrid is providing a number of creatures \'85 then there will be spells that must be broken \'85 all that sort of thing, you know. Now, the champions who are leading on points will get a head start into the maze.\rdblquote  Bagman grinned at Harry and Cedric. \ldblquote Then Mr. Krum will enter \'85 then Miss Delacour. But you\rquote ll all be in with a fighting chance, depending how well you get past the obstacles. Should be fun, eh?\rdblquote\par
Harry, who knew only too well the kind of creatures that Hagrid was likely to provide for an event like this, thought it was unlikely to be any fun at all. However, he nodded politely like the other champions.\par
\ldblquote Very well \'85 if you haven\rquote t got any questions, we\rquote ll go back up to the castle, shall we, it\rquote s a bit chilly. \'85\rdblquote\par
Bagman hurried alongside Harry as they began to wend their way out of the growing maze. Harry had the feeling that Bagman was going to start offering to help him again, but just then, Krum tapped Harry on the shoulder.\par
\ldblquote Could I haff a vord?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, all right,\rdblquote  said Harry, slightly surprised.\par
\ldblquote Vill you valk vith me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry curiously.\par
Bagman looked slightly perturbed.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll wait for you, Harry, shall I?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, it\rquote s okay, Mr. Bagman,\rdblquote  said Harry, suppressing a smile, \ldblquote I think I can find the castle on my own, thanks.\rdblquote\par
Harry and Krum left the stadium together, but Krum did not set a course for the Durmstrang ship. Instead, he walked toward the forest.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote re we going this way for?\rdblquote  said Harry as they passed Hagrid\rquote s cabin and the illuminated Beauxbatons carriage.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t vant to be overheard,\rdblquote  said Krum shortly.\par
When at last they had reached a quiet stretch of ground a short way from the Beauxbatons horses\rquote  paddock, Krum stopped in the shade of the trees and turned to face Harry.\par
\ldblquote I vant to know,\rdblquote  he said, glowering, \ldblquote vot there is between you and Hermy-own-ninny.\rdblquote\par
Harry, who from Krum\rquote s secretive manner had expected some\-thing much more serious than this, stared up at Krum in amaze\-ment.\par
\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  he said. But Krum glowered at him, and Harry, somehow struck anew by how tall Krum was, elaborated. \ldblquote We\rquote re friends. She\rquote s not my girlfriend and she never has been. It\rquote s just that Skeeter woman making things up.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermy-own-ninny talks about you very often,\rdblquote  said Krum, looking suspiciously at Harry.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote because we\rquote re \i friends.\i0\rdblquote\par
He couldn\rquote t quite believe he was having this conversation with Viktor Krum, the famous International Quidditch player. It was as though the eighteen-year-old Krum thought he, Harry, was an equal \emdash  a real rival \emdash\par
\ldblquote You haff never \'85 you haff not \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry very firmly.\par
Krum looked slightly happier. He stared at Harry for a few sec\-onds, then said, \ldblquote You fly very vell. I vos votching at the first task.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning broadly and suddenly feeling much taller himself. \ldblquote I saw you at the Quidditch World Cup. The Wronski Feint, you really \emdash\rdblquote\par
But something moved behind Krum in the trees, and Harry, who had some experience of the sort of thing that lurked in the for\-est, instinctively grabbed Krum\rquote s arm and pulled him around.\par
\ldblquote Vot is it?\rdblquote\par
Harry shook his head, staring at the place where he\rquote d seen move\-ment. He slipped his hand inside his robes, reaching for his wand.\par
Suddenly a man staggered out from behind a tall oak. For a mo\-ment, Harry didn\rquote t recognize him \'85 then he realized it was Mr. Crouch.\par
He looked as though he had been traveling for days. The knees of his robes were ripped and bloody, his face scratched; he was unshaven and gray with exhaustion. His neat hair and mustache were both in need of a wash and a trim. His strange appearance, however, was nothing to the way he was behaving. Muttering and gesticulating, Mr. Crouch appeared to be talking to someone that he alone could see. He reminded Harry vividly of an old tramp he had seen once when out shopping with the Dursleys. That man too had been conversing wildly with thin air; Aunt Petunia had seized Dudley\rquote s hand and pulled him across the road to avoid him; Uncle Vernon had then treated the family to a long rant about what he would like to do with beggars and vagrants.\par
\ldblquote Vosn\rquote t he a judge?\rdblquote  said Krum, staring at Mr. Crouch. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t he vith your Ministry?\rdblquote\par
Harry nodded, hesitated for a moment, then walked slowly to\-ward Mr. Crouch, who did not look at him, but continued to talk to a nearby tree.\par
\ldblquote\'85 and when you\rquote ve done that, Weatherby, send an owl to Dumbledore confirming the number of Durmstrang students who will be attending the tournament, Karkaroff has just sent word there will be twelve. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mr. Crouch?\rdblquote  said Harry cautiously.\par
\ldblquote\'85 and then send another owl to Madame Maxime, because she might want to up the number of students she\rquote s bringing, now Karkaroff\rquote s made it a round dozen \'85 do that, Weatherby, will you? Will you? Will \'85\rdblquote\par
Mr. Crouch\rquote s eyes were bulging. He stood staring at the tree, muttering soundlessly at it. Then he staggered sideways and fell to his knees.\par
\ldblquote Mr. Crouch?\rdblquote  Harry said loudly. \ldblquote Are you all right?\rdblquote\par
Crouch\rquote s eyes were rolling in his head. Harry looked around at Krum, who had followed him into the trees, and was looking down at Crouch in alarm.\par
\ldblquote Vot is wrong with him?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  Harry muttered. \ldblquote Listen, you\rquote d better go and get someone \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore!\rdblquote  gasped Mr. Crouch. He reached out and seized a handful of Harry\rquote s robes, dragging him closer, though his eyes were staring over Harry\rquote s head. \ldblquote I need \'85 see \'85 Dumble\-dore. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote if you get up, Mr. Crouch, we can go up to the \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve done \'85 stupid \'85 thing \'85\rdblquote  Mr. Crouch breathed. He looked utterly mad. His eyes were rolling and bulging, and a trickle of spittle was sliding down his chin. Every word he spoke seemed to cost him a terrible effort. \ldblquote Must \'85 tell \'85 Dumbledore \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Get up, Mr. Crouch,\rdblquote  said Harry loudly and clearly. \ldblquote Get up, I\rquote ll take you to Dumbledore!\rdblquote\par
Mr. Crouch\rquote s eyes rolled forward onto Harry.\par
\ldblquote Who \'85 you?\rdblquote  he whispered.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m a student at the school,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking around at Krum for some help, but Krum was hanging back, looking ex\-tremely nervous.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re not \'85 \i his\i0 ?\rdblquote  whispered Crouch, his mouth sagging.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, without the faintest idea what Crouch was talking about.\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Crouch was pulling him closer; Harry tried to loosen Crouch\rquote s grip on his robes, but it was too powerful.\par
\ldblquote Warn \'85 Dumbledore \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll get Dumbledore if you let go of me,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Just let go, Mr. Crouch, and I\rquote ll get him. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you, Weatherby, and when you have done that, I would like a cup of tea. My wife and son will be arriving shortly, we are at\-tending a concert tonight with Mr. and Mrs. Fudge.\rdblquote\par
Crouch was now talking fluently to a tree again, and seemed completely unaware that Harry was there, which surprised Harry so much he didn\rquote t notice that Crouch had released him.\par
\ldblquote Yes, my son has recently gained twelve O.W.L.s, most satisfac\-tory, yes, thank you, yes, very proud indeed. Now, if you could bring me that memo from the Andorran Minister of Magic, I think I will have time to draft a response. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You stay here with him!\rdblquote  Harry said to Krum. \ldblquote I\rquote ll get Dumb\-ledore, I\rquote ll be quicker, I know where his office is \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He is mad,\rdblquote  said Krum doubtfully, staring down at Crouch, who was still gabbling to the tree, apparently convinced it was Percy.\par
\ldblquote Just stay with him,\rdblquote  said Harry, starting to get up, but his movement seemed to trigger another abrupt change in Mr. Crouch, who seized him hard around the knees and pulled Harry back to the ground.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t \'85 leave \'85 me!\rdblquote  he whispered, his eyes bulging again. \ldblquote I \'85 escaped \'85 must warn \'85 must tell \'85 see Dumbledore \'85 my fault \'85 all my fault \'85 Bertha \'85 dead \'85 all my fault \'85 my son \'85 my fault \'85 tell Dumbledore \'85 Harry Potter \'85 the Dark Lord \'85 stronger \'85 Harry Potter \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll get Dumbledore if you let me go, Mr. Crouch!\rdblquote  said Harry. He looked furiously around at Krum. \ldblquote Help me, will you?\rdblquote\par
Looking extremely apprehensive, Krum moved forward and squatted down next to Mr. Crouch.\par
\ldblquote Just keep him here,\rdblquote  said Harry, pulling himself free of Mr. Crouch. \ldblquote I\rquote ll be back with Dumbledore.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hurry, von\rquote t you?\rdblquote  Krum called after him as Harry sprinted away from the forest and up through the dark grounds. They were deserted; Bagman, Cedric, and Fleur had disappeared. Harry tore up the stone steps, through the oak front doors, and off up the marble staircase, toward the second floor.\par
Five minutes later he was hurtling toward a stone gargoyle standing halfway along an empty corridor.\par
\ldblquote Sher \emdash  sherbet lemon!\rdblquote  he panted at it.\par
This was the password to the hidden staircase to Dumbledore\rquote s office \emdash  or at least, it had been two years ago. The password had evidently changed, however, for the stone gargoyle did not spring to life and jump aside, but stood frozen, glaring at Harry malevolently.\par
\ldblquote Move!\rdblquote  Harry shouted at it. \ldblquote C\rquote mon!\rdblquote\par
But nothing at Hogwarts had ever moved just because he shouted at it; he knew it was no good. He looked up and down the dark corridor. Perhaps Dumbledore was in the staffroom? He started running as fast as he could toward the staircase \emdash\par
\ldblquote POTTER!\rdblquote\par
Harry skidded to a halt and looked around. Snape had just emerged from the hidden staircase behind the stone gargoyle. The wall was sliding shut behind him even as he beckoned Harry back toward him.\par
\ldblquote What are you doing here, Potter?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I need to see Professor Dumbledore!\rdblquote  said Harry, running back up the corridor and skidding to a standstill in front of Snape in\-stead. \ldblquote It\rquote s Mr. Crouch \'85 he\rquote s just turned up \'85 he\rquote s in the for\-est \'85 he\rquote s asking \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What is this rubbish?\rdblquote  said Snape, his black eyes glittering. \ldblquote What are you talking about?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mr. Crouch!\rdblquote  Harry shouted. \ldblquote From the Ministry! He\rquote s ill or something \emdash  he\rquote s in the forest, he wants to see Dumbledore! Just give me the password up to \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The headmaster is busy, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape, his thin mouth curling into an unpleasant smile.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve got to tell Dumbledore!\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\par
\ldblquote Didn\rquote t you hear me, Potter?\rdblquote\par
Harry could tell Snape was thoroughly enjoying himself, deny\-ing Harry the thing he wanted when he was so panicky.\par
\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  said Harry angrily, \ldblquote Crouch isn\rquote t right \emdash  he\rquote s \emdash  he\rquote s out of his mind \emdash  he says he wants to warn \emdash\rdblquote\par
The stone wall behind Snape slid open. Dumbledore was stand\-ing there, wearing long green robes and a mildly curious expression. \ldblquote Is there a problem?\rdblquote  he said, looking between Harry and Snape.\par
\ldblquote Professor!\rdblquote  Harry said, sidestepping Snape before Snape could speak, \ldblquote Mr. Crouch is here \emdash  he\rquote s down in the forest, he wants to speak to you!\rdblquote\par
Harry expected Dumbledore to ask questions, but to his relief, Dumbledore did nothing of the sort.\par
\ldblquote Lead the way,\rdblquote  he said promptly, and he swept off along the corridor behind Harry, leaving Snape standing next to the gargoyle and looking twice as ugly.\par
\ldblquote What did Mr. Crouch say, Harry?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore as they walked swiftly down the marble staircase.\par
\ldblquote Said he wants to warn you \'85 said he\rquote s done something terrible \'85 he mentioned his son \'85 and Bertha Jorkins \'85 and \emdash  and Voldemort \'85 something about Voldemort getting stronger. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Indeed,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and he quickened his pace as they hurried out into the pitch-darkness.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s not acting normally,\rdblquote  Harry said, hurrying along beside Dumbledore. \ldblquote He doesn\rquote t seem to know where he is. He keeps talking like he thinks Percy Weasley\rquote s there, and then he changes, and says he needs to see you. \'85 I left him with Vik\-tor Krum.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You did?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore sharply, and he began to take longer strides still, so that Harry was running to keep up. \ldblquote Do you know if anybody else saw Mr. Crouch?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Krum and I were talking, Mr. Bagman had just finished telling us about the third task, we stayed behind, and then we saw Mr. Crouch coming out of the forest \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Where are they?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore as the Beauxbatons carriage emerged from the darkness.\par
\ldblquote Over here,\rdblquote  said Harry, moving in front of Dumbledore, lead\-ing the way through the trees. He couldn\rquote t hear Crouch\rquote s voice any\-more, but he knew where he was going; it hadn\rquote t been much past the Beauxbatons carriage \'85 somewhere around here. \'85\par
\ldblquote Viktor?\rdblquote  Harry shouted.\par
No one answered.\par
\ldblquote They were here,\rdblquote  Harry said to Dumbledore. \ldblquote They were defi\-nitely somewhere around here. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Lumos,\i0\rdblquote  Dumbledore said, lighting his wand and holding it up.\par
Its narrow beam traveled from black trunk to black trunk, illu\-minating the ground. And then it fell upon a pair of feet.\par
Harry and Dumbledore hurried forward. Krum was sprawled on the forest floor. He seemed to be unconscious. There was no sign at all of Mr. Crouch. Dumbledore bent over Krum and gently lifted one of his eyelids.\par
\ldblquote Stunned,\rdblquote  he said softly. His half-moon glasses glittered in the wandlight as he peered around at the surrounding trees.\par
\ldblquote Should I go and get someone?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Madam Pomfrey?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore swiftly. \ldblquote Stay here.\rdblquote\par
He raised his wand into the air and pointed it in the direction of Hagrid\rquote s cabin. Harry saw something silvery dart out of it and streak away through the trees like a ghostly bird. Then Dumble\-dore bent over Krum again, pointed his wand at him, and mut\-tered, \ldblquote\i Rennervate.\i0\rdblquote\par
Krum opened his eyes. He looked dazed. When he saw Dumb\-ledore, he tried to sit up, but Dumbledore put a hand on his shoul\-der and made him lie still.\par
\ldblquote He attacked me!\rdblquote  Krum muttered, putting a hand up to his head. \ldblquote The old madman attacked me! I vos looking around to see vare Potter had gone and he attacked from behind!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Lie still for a moment,\rdblquote  Dumbledore said.\par
The sound of thunderous footfalls reached them, and Hagrid came panting into sight with Fang at his heels. He was carrying his crossbow.\par
\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore!\rdblquote  he said, his eyes widening. \ldblquote Harry \emdash  what the \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hagrid, I need you to fetch Professor Karkaroff,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore. \ldblquote His student has been attacked. When you\rquote ve done that, kindly alert Professor Moody \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No need, Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said a wheezy growl. \ldblquote I\rquote m here.\rdblquote\par
Moody was limping toward them, leaning on his staff, his wand lit.\par
\ldblquote Damn leg,\rdblquote  he said furiously. \ldblquote Would\rquote ve been here quicker \'85 what\rquote s happened? Snape said something about Crouch \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Crouch?\rdblquote  said Hagrid blankly.\par
\ldblquote Karkaroff, please, Hagrid!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore sharply.\par
\ldblquote Oh yeah \'85 right y\rquote are, Professor \'85\rdblquote  said Hagrid, and he turned and disappeared into the dark trees, Fang trotting after him.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know where Barty Crouch is,\rdblquote  Dumbledore told Moody, \ldblquote but it is essential that we find him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m onto it,\rdblquote  growled Moody, and he pulled out his wand and limped off into the forest.\par
Neither Dumbledore nor Harry spoke again until they heard the unmistakable sounds of Hagrid and Fang returning. Karkaroff was hurrying along behind them. He was wearing his sleek silver furs, and he looked pale and agitated.\par
\ldblquote What is this?\rdblquote  he cried when he saw Krum on the ground and Dumbledore and Harry beside him. \ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I vos attacked!\rdblquote  said Krum, sitting up now and rubbing his head. \ldblquote Mr. Crouch or votever his name \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Crouch attacked you? \i Crouch\i0  attacked you? The Triwizard judge?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Igor,\rdblquote  Dumbledore began, but Karkaroff had drawn himself up, clutching his furs around him, looking livid.\par
\ldblquote Treachery!\rdblquote  he bellowed, pointing at Dumbledore. \ldblquote It is a plot! You and your Ministry of Magic have lured me here under false pretenses, Dumbledore! This is not an equal competition! First you sneak Potter into the tournament, though he is underage! Now one of your Ministry friends attempts to put \i my\i0  champion out of action! I smell double-dealing and corruption in this whole affair, and you, Dumbledore, you, with your talk of closer international wizarding links, of rebuilding old ties, of forgetting old differ\-ences \emdash  here\rquote s what I think of \i you\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Karkaroff spat onto the ground at Dumbledore\rquote s feet. In one swift movement, Hagrid seized the front of Karkaroff\rquote s furs, lifted him into the air, and slammed him against a nearby tree.\par
\ldblquote Apologize!\rdblquote  Hagrid snarled as Karkaroff gasped for breath, Hagrid\rquote s massive fist at his throat, his feet dangling in midair.\par
\ldblquote Hagrid, \i no\i0 !\rdblquote  Dumbledore shouted, his eyes flashing.\par
Hagrid removed the hand pinning Karkaroff to the tree, and Karkaroff slid all the way down the trunk and slumped in a huddle at its roots; a few twigs and leaves showered down upon his head.\par
\ldblquote Kindly escort Harry back up to the castle, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore sharply.\par
Breathing heavily, Hagrid gave Karkaroff a glowering look.\par
\ldblquote Maybe I\rquote d better stay here, Headmaster. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You will take Harry back to school, Hagrid,\rdblquote  Dumbledore re\-peated firmly. \ldblquote Take him right up to Gryffindor Tower. And Harry \emdash  I want you to stay there. Anything you might want to do \emdash  any owls you might want to send \emdash  they can wait until morning, do you understand me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, staring at him. How had Dumbledore known that, at that very moment, he had been thinking about sending Pigwidgeon straight to Sirius, to tell him what had happened?\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll leave Fang with yeh, Headmaster,\rdblquote  Hagrid said, staring menacingly at Karkaroff, who was still sprawled at the foot of the tree, tangled in furs and tree roots. \ldblquote Stay, Fang. C\rquote mon, Harry.\rdblquote\par
They marched in silence past the Beauxbatons carriage and up toward the castle.\par
\ldblquote How dare he,\rdblquote  Hagrid growled as they strode past the lake. \ldblquote How dare he accuse Dumbledore. Like Dumbledore\rquote d do anythin\rquote  like that. Like Dumbledore wanted \i you\i0  in the tournament in the firs\rquote  place. Worried! I dunno when I seen Dumbledore more wor\-ried than he\rquote s bin lately. An\rquote  you!\rdblquote  Hagrid suddenly said angrily to Harry, who looked up at him, taken aback. \ldblquote What were yeh doin\rquote , wanderin\rquote  off with ruddy Krum? He\rquote s from Durmstrang, Harry! Coulda jinxed yeh right there, couldn\rquote  he? Hasn\rquote  Moody taught yeh nothin\rquote ? \rquote Magine lettin\rquote  him lure yeh off on yer own \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Krum\rquote s all right!\rdblquote  said Harry as they climbed the steps into the entrance hall. \ldblquote He wasn\rquote t trying to jinx me, he just wanted to talk about Hermione \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll be havin\rquote  a few words with her, an\rquote  all,\rdblquote  said Hagrid grimly, stomping up the stairs. \ldblquote The less you lot \rquote ave ter do with these for\-eigners, the happier yeh\rquote ll be. Yeh can\rquote  trust any of \rquote em.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You were getting on all right with Madame Maxime,\rdblquote  Harry said, annoyed.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote  you talk ter me abou\rquote  her!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, and he looked quite frightening for a moment. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got her number now! Tryin\rquote  ter get back in me good books, tryin\rquote  ter get me ter tell her what\rquote s comin\rquote  in the third task. Ha! You can\rquote  trust any of \rquote em!\rdblquote\par
Hagrid was in such a bad mood, Harry was quite glad to say good-bye to him in front of the Fat Lady. He clambered through the portrait hole into the common room and hurried straight for the corner where Ron and Hermione were sitting, to tell them what had happened.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 29\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Dream\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
\ldblquote It comes down to this,\rdblquote  said Hermione, rubbing her forehead. \ldblquote Either Mr. Crouch attacked Viktor, or somebody else at\-tacked both of them when Viktor wasn\rquote t looking.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It must\rquote ve been Crouch,\rdblquote  said Ron at once. \ldblquote That\rquote s why he was gone when Harry and Dumbledore got there. He\rquote d done a runner.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so,\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking his head. \ldblquote He seemed really weak \emdash  I don\rquote t reckon he was up to Disapparating or any\-thing.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You \i can\rquote t\i0  Disapparate on the Hogwarts grounds, haven\rquote t I told you enough times?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Okay \'85 how\rquote s this for a theory,\rdblquote  said Ron excitedly. \ldblquote Krum attacked Crouch \emdash  no, wait for it \emdash  and then Stunned himself!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And Mr. Crouch evaporated, did he?\rdblquote  said Hermione coldly.\par
\ldblquote Oh yeah \'85\rdblquote\par
It was daybreak. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had crept out of their dormitories very early and hurried up to the Owlery together to send a note to Sirius. Now they were standing looking out at the misty grounds. All three of them were puffy-eyed and pale because they had been talking late into the night about Mr. Crouch.\par
\ldblquote Just go through it again, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote What did Mr. Crouch actually say?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve told you, he wasn\rquote t making much sense,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He said he wanted to warn Dumbledore about something. He defi\-nitely mentioned Bertha Jorkins, and he seemed to think she was dead. He kept saying stuff was his fault. \'85 He mentioned his son.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, that \i was\i0  his fault,\rdblquote  said Hermione testily.\par
\ldblquote He was out of his mind,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Half the time he seemed to think his wife and son were still alive, and he kept talking to Percy about work and giving him instructions.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And \'85 remind me what he said about You-Know-Who?\rdblquote  said Ron tentatively.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve told you,\rdblquote  Harry repeated dully. \ldblquote He said he\rquote s getting stronger.\rdblquote\par
There was a pause. Then Ron said in a falsely confident voice, \ldblquote But he was out of his mind, like you said, so half of it was proba\-bly just raving. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He was sanest when he was trying to talk about Voldemort,\rdblquote  said Harry, and Ron winced at the sound of the name. \ldblquote He was having real trouble stringing two words together, but that was when he seemed to know where he was, and know what he wanted to do. He just kept saying he had to see Dumbledore.\rdblquote\par
Harry turned away from the window and stared up into the rafters. The many perches were half-empty; every now and then, another owl would swoop in through one of the windows, return\-ing from its night\rquote s hunting with a mouse in its beak.\par
\ldblquote If Snape hadn\rquote t held me up,\rdblquote  Harry said bitterly, \ldblquote we might\rquote ve got there in time. \lquote The headmaster is busy, Potter \'85 what\rquote s this rubbish, Potter?\rquote  Why couldn\rquote t he have just got out of the way?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe he didn\rquote t want you to get there!\rdblquote  said Ron quickly. \ldblquote Maybe \emdash  hang on \emdash  how fast d\rquote you reckon he could\rquote ve gotten down to the forest? D\rquote you reckon he could\rquote ve beaten you and Dumbledore there?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not unless he can turn himself into a bat or something,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Wouldn\rquote t put it past him,\rdblquote  Ron muttered.\par
\ldblquote We need to see Professor Moody,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote We need to find out whether he found Mr. Crouch.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If he had the Marauder\rquote s Map on him, it would\rquote ve been easy,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Unless Crouch was already outside the grounds,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote because it only shows up to the boundaries, doesn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shh!\rdblquote  said Hermione suddenly.\par
Somebody was climbing the steps up to the Owlery. Harry could hear two voices arguing, coming closer and closer.\par
\ldblquote\emdash  that\rquote s blackmail, that is, we could get into a lot of trouble for that \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  we\rquote ve tried being polite; it\rquote s time to play dirty, like him. He wouldn\rquote t like the Ministry of Magic knowing what he did \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m telling you, if you put that in writing, it\rquote s blackmail!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, and you won\rquote t be complaining if we get a nice fat payoff, will you?\rdblquote\par
The Owlery door banged open. Fred and George came over the threshold, then froze at the sight of Harry, Ron, and Hermione.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote re you doing here?\rdblquote  Ron and Fred said at the same time.\par
\ldblquote Sending a letter,\rdblquote  said Harry and George in unison.\par
\ldblquote What, at this time?\rdblquote  said Hermione and Fred.\par
Fred grinned.\par
\ldblquote Fine \emdash  we won\rquote t ask you what you\rquote re doing, if you don\rquote t ask us,\rdblquote  he said.\par
He was holding a sealed envelope in his hands. Harry glanced at it, but Fred, whether accidentally or on purpose, shifted his hand so that the name on it was covered.\par
\ldblquote Well, don\rquote t let us hold you up,\rdblquote  Fred said, making a mock bow and pointing at the door.\par
Ron didn\rquote t move. \ldblquote Who\rquote re you blackmailing?\rdblquote  he said.\par
The grin vanished from Fred\rquote s face. Harry saw George half glance at Fred, before smiling at Ron.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be stupid, I was only joking,\rdblquote  he said easily.\par
\ldblquote Didn\rquote t sound like that,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
Fred and George looked at each other. Then Fred said abruptly, \ldblquote I\rquote ve told you before, Ron, keep your nose out if you like it the shape it is. Can\rquote t see why you would, but \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s my business if you\rquote re blackmailing someone,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote George\rquote s right, you could end up in serious trouble for that.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Told you, I was joking,\rdblquote  said George. He walked over to Fred, pulled the letter out of his hands, and began attaching it to the leg of the nearest barn owl. \ldblquote You\rquote re starting to sound a bit like our dear older brother, you are, Ron. Carry on like this and you\rquote ll be made a prefect.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, I won\rquote t!\rdblquote  said Ron hotly.\par
George carried the barn owl over to the window and it took off. George turned around and grinned at Ron.\par
\ldblquote Well, stop telling people what to do then. See you later.\rdblquote\par
He and Fred left the Owlery. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stared at one another.\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t think they know something about all this, do you?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote About Crouch and everything?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote If it was something that serious, they\rquote d tell someone. They\rquote d tell Dumbledore.\rdblquote\par
Ron, however, was looking uncomfortable.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote  Hermione asked him.\par
\ldblquote Well \'85\rdblquote  said Ron slowly, \ldblquote I dunno if they would. They\rquote re \'85 they\rquote re obsessed with making money lately, I noticed it when I was hanging around with them \emdash  when \emdash  you know \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We weren\rquote t talking.\rdblquote  Harry finished the sentence for him. \ldblquote Yeah, but blackmail \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s this joke shop idea they\rquote ve got,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I thought they were only saying it to annoy Mum, but they really mean it, they want to start one. They\rquote ve only got a year left at Hog\-warts, they keep going on about how it\rquote s time to think about their future, and Dad can\rquote t help them, and they need gold to get started.\rdblquote\par
Hermione was looking uncomfortable now.\par
\ldblquote Yes, but \'85 they wouldn\rquote t do anything against the law to get gold.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wouldn\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking skeptical. \ldblquote I dunno \'85 they don\rquote t exactly mind breaking rules, do they?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, but this is the \i law,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking scared. \ldblquote This isn\rquote t some silly school rule. \'85 They\rquote ll get a lot more than detention for blackmail! Ron \'85 maybe you\rquote d better tell Percy. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Are you mad?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Tell Percy? He\rquote d probably do a Crouch and turn them in.\rdblquote  He stared at the window through which Fred and Georges owl had departed, then said, \ldblquote Come on, let\rquote s get some breakfast.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote D\rquote you think it\rquote s too early to go and see Professor Moody?\rdblquote  Hermione said as they went down the spiral staircase.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He\rquote d probably blast us through the door if we wake him at the crack of dawn; he\rquote ll think we\rquote re trying to attack him while he\rquote s asleep. Let\rquote s give it till break.\rdblquote\par
History of Magic had rarely gone so slowly. Harry kept checking Ron\rquote s watch, having finally discarded his own, but Ron\rquote s was mov\-ing so slowly he could have sworn it had stopped working too. All three of them were so tired they could happily have put their heads down on the desks and slept; even Hermione wasn\rquote t taking her usual notes, but was sitting with her head on her hand, gazing at Professor Binns with her eyes out of focus.\par
When the bell finally rang, they hurried out into the corridors toward the Dark Arts classroom and found Professor Moody leav\-ing it. He looked as tired as they felt. The eyelid of his normal eye was drooping, giving his face an even more lopsided appearance than usual.\par
\ldblquote Professor Moody?\rdblquote  Harry called as they made their way toward him through the crowd.\par
\ldblquote Hello, Potter,\rdblquote  growled Moody. His magical eye followed a couple of passing first years, who sped up, looking nervous; it rolled into the back of Moody\rquote s head and watched them around the corner before he spoke again.\par
\ldblquote Come in here.\rdblquote\par
He stood back to let them into his empty classroom, limped in after them, and closed the door.\par
\ldblquote Did you find him?\rdblquote  Harry asked without preamble. \ldblquote Mr. Crouch?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Moody. He moved over to his desk, sat down, stretched out his wooden leg with a slight groan, and pulled out his hip flask.\par
\ldblquote Did you use the map?\rdblquote  Harry said.\par
\ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  said Moody, taking a swig from his flask. \ldblquote Took a leaf out of your book, Potter. Summoned it from my office into the forest. He wasn\rquote t anywhere on there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So he \i did\i0  Disapparate?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote\i You can\rquote t Disapparate on the grounds, Ron\i0 !\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote There are other ways he could have disappeared, aren\rquote t there, Professor?\rdblquote\par
Moody\rquote s magical eye quivered as it rested on Hermione. \ldblquote You\rquote re another one who might think about a career as an Auror,\rdblquote  he told her. \ldblquote Mind works the right way, Granger.\rdblquote\par
Hermione flushed pink with pleasure.\par
\ldblquote Well, he wasn\rquote t invisible,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote The map shows invisi\-ble people. He must\rquote ve left the grounds, then.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But under his own steam?\rdblquote  said Hermione eagerly, \ldblquote or because someone made him?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, someone could\rquote ve \emdash  could\rquote ve pulled him onto a broom and flown off with him, couldn\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Ron quickly, looking hopefully at Moody as if he too wanted to be told he had the mak\-ings of an Auror.\par
\ldblquote We can\rquote t rule out kidnap,\rdblquote  growled Moody.\par
\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote d\rquote you reckon he\rquote s somewhere in Hogsmeade?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Could be anywhere,\rdblquote  said Moody, shaking his head. \ldblquote Only thing we know for sure is that he\rquote s not here.\rdblquote\par
He yawned widely, so that his scars stretched, and his lopsided mouth revealed a number of missing teeth. Then he said, \ldblquote Now, Dumbledore\rquote s told me you three fancy yourselves as investigators, but there\rquote s nothing you can do for Crouch. The Ministry\rquote ll be look\-ing for him now, Dumbledore\rquote s notified them. Potter, you just keep your mind on the third task.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Oh yeah \'85\rdblquote\par
He hadn\rquote t given the maze a single thought since he\rquote d left it with Krum the previous night.\par
\ldblquote Should be right up your street, this one,\rdblquote  said Moody, looking up at Harry and scratching his scarred and stubbly chin. \ldblquote From what Dumbledore\rquote s said, you\rquote ve managed to get through stuff like this plenty of times. Broke your way through a series of obstacles guarding the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone in your first year, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We helped,\rdblquote  Ron said quickly. \ldblquote Me and Hermione helped.\rdblquote\par
Moody grinned.\par
\ldblquote Well, help him practice for this one, and I\rquote ll be very surprised if he doesn\rquote t win,\rdblquote  said Moody. \ldblquote In the meantime \'85 constant vigi\-lance, Potter. Constant vigilance.\rdblquote  He took another long draw from his hip flask, and his magical eye swiveled onto the window. The topmost sail of the Durmstrang ship was visible through it.\par
\ldblquote You two,\rdblquote  counseled Moody, his normal eye on Ron and Hermione, \ldblquote you stick close to Potter, all right? I\rquote m keeping an eye on things, but all the same \'85 you can never have too many eyes out.\rdblquote\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc *   *   *\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj Sirius sent their owl back the very next morning. It fluttered down beside Harry at the same moment that a tawny owl landed in front of Hermione, clutching a copy of the \i Daily Prophet\i0  in its beak. She took the newspaper, scanned the first few pages, said, \ldblquote Ha! She has\-n\rquote t got wind of Crouch!\rdblquote  then joined Ron and Harry in reading what Sirius had to say on the mysterious events of the night before last.\par
\par
\i Harry \i0\emdash  \i what do you think you are playing at, walking off into the forest with Viktor Krum? I want you to swear, by return owl, that you are not going to go walking with anyone else at night. There is somebody highly dangerous at Hogwarts. It is clear to me that they wanted to stop Crouch from seeing Dumbledore and you were probably feet away from them in the dark. You could have been killed.\i0\par
\i Your name didn\rquote t get into the Goblet of Fire by accident. If someone\rquote s trying to attack you, they\rquote re on their last chance. Stay close to Ron and Hermione, do not leave Gryffindor Tower after hours, and arm yourself for the third task. Practice Stun\-ning and Disarming. A few hexes wouldn\rquote t go amiss either. There\rquote s nothing you can do about Crouch. Keep your head down and look after yourself. I\rquote m waiting for your letter giving me your word you won\rquote t stray out-of-bounds again.\i0\par
\i Sirius\par
\i0\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s he, to lecture me about being out-of-bounds?\rdblquote  said Harry in mild indignation as he folded up Sirius\rquote s letter and put it inside his robes. \ldblquote After all the stuff he did at school!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s worried about you!\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply. \ldblquote Just like Moody and Hagrid! So listen to them!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No one\rquote s tried to attack me all year,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote No one\rquote s done anything to me at all \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Except put your name in the Goblet of Fire,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote And they must\rquote ve done that for a reason, Harry. Snuffles is right. Maybe they\rquote ve been biding their time. Maybe this is the task they\rquote re going to get you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently, \ldblquote let\rquote s say Sirius is right, and someone Stunned Krum to kidnap Crouch. Well, they \i would\rquote ve \i0 been in the trees near us, wouldn\rquote t they? But they waited till I was out of the way until they acted, didn\rquote t they? So it doesn\rquote t look like I\rquote m their target, does it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They couldn\rquote t have made it look like an accident if they\rquote d mur\-dered you in the forest!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote But if you die during a task \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They didn\rquote t care about attacking Krum, did they?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Why didn\rquote t they just polish me off at the same time? They could\rquote ve made it look like Krum and I had a duel or something.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry, I don\rquote t understand it either,\rdblquote  said Hermione desperately. \ldblquote I just know there are a lot of odd things going on, and I don\rquote t like it. \'85 Moody\rquote s right \emdash  Sirius is right \emdash  you\rquote ve got to get in train\-ing for the third task, straight away. And you make sure you write back to Sirius and promise him you\rquote re not going to go sneaking off alone again.\rdblquote\par
\par
The Hogwarts grounds never looked more inviting than when Harry had to stay indoors. For the next few days he spent all of his free time either in the library with Hermione and Ron, looking up hexes, or else in empty classrooms, which they sneaked into to practice. Harry was concentrating on the Stunning Spell, which he had never used before. The trouble was that practicing it involved certain sacrifices on Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s part.\par
\ldblquote Can\rquote t we kidnap Mrs. Norris?\rdblquote  Ron suggested on Monday lunchtime as he lay flat on his back in the middle of their Charms classroom, having just been Stunned and reawoken by Harry for the fifth time in a row. \ldblquote Let\rquote s Stun her for a bit. Or you could use Dobby, Harry, I bet he\rquote d do anything to help you. I\rquote m not com\-plaining or anything\rdblquote  \emdash  he got gingerly to his feet, rubbing his backside \emdash  \ldblquote but I\rquote m aching all over. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, you keep missing the cushions, don\rquote t you!\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one impatiently, rearranging the pile of cushions they had used for the Banishing Spell, which Flitwick had left in a cabinet. \ldblquote Just try and fall backward!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Once you\rquote re Stunned, you can\rquote t aim too well, Hermione!\rdblquote  said Ron angrily. \ldblquote Why don\rquote t you take a turn?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, I think Harry\rquote s got it now, anyway,\rdblquote  said Hermione hastily. \ldblquote And we don\rquote t have to worry about Disarming, because he\rquote s been able to do that for ages. \'85 I think we ought to start on some of these hexes this evening.\rdblquote\par
She looked down the list they had made in the library.\par
\ldblquote I like the look of this one,\rdblquote  she said, \ldblquote this Impediment Curse. Should slow down anything that\rquote s trying to attack you, Harry. We\rquote ll start with that one.\rdblquote\par
The bell rang. They hastily shoved the cushions back into Flitwick\rquote s cupboard and slipped out of the classroom.\par
\ldblquote See you at dinner!\rdblquote  said Hermione, and she set off for Arith\-mancy, while Harry and Ron headed toward North Tower, and Divination. Broad strips of dazzling gold sunlight fell across the corridor from the high windows. The sky outside was so brightly blue it looked as though it had been enameled.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s going to be boiling in Trelawney\rquote s room, she never puts out that fire,\rdblquote  said Ron as they started up the staircase toward the silver ladder and the trapdoor.\par
He was quite right. The dimly lit room was swelteringly hot. The fumes from the perfumed fire were heavier than ever. Harry\rquote s head swam as he made his way over to one of the curtained win\-dows. While Professor Trelawney was looking the other way, disen\-tangling her shawl from a lamp, he opened it an inch or so and settled back in his chintz armchair, so that a soft breeze played across his face. It was extremely comfortable.\par
\ldblquote My dears,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, sitting down in her winged armchair in front of the class and peering around at them all with her strangely enlarged eyes, \ldblquote we have almost finished our work on planetary divination. Today, however, will be an excellent opportunity to examine the effects of Mars, for he is placed most interestingly at the present time. If you will all look this way, I will dim the lights. \'85\rdblquote\par
She waved her wand and the lamps went out. The fire was the only source of light now. Professor Trelawney bent down and lifted, from under her chair, a miniature model of the solar system, contained within a glass dome. It was a beautiful thing; each of the moons glimmered in place around the nine planets and the fiery sun, all of them hanging in thin air beneath the glass. Harry watched lazily as Professor Trelawney began to point out the fasci\-nating angle Mars was making to Neptune. The heavily perfumed fumes washed over him, and the breeze from the window played across his face. He could hear an insect humming gently some\-where behind the curtain. His eyelids began to droop. \'85\par
He was riding on the back of an eagle owl, soaring through the clear blue sky toward an old, ivy-covered house set high on a hill\-side. Lower and lower they flew, the wind blowing pleasantly in Harry\rquote s face, until they reached a dark and broken window in the upper story of the house and entered. Now they were flying along a gloomy passageway, to a room at the very end \'85 through the door they went, into a dark room whose windows were boarded up. \'85\par
Harry had left the owl\rquote s back \'85 he was watching, now, as it fluttered across the room, into a chair with its back to him. \'85 There were two dark shapes on the floor beside the chair \'85 both of them were stirring. \'85\par
One was a huge snake \'85 the other was a man \'85 a short, bald\-ing man, a man with watery eyes and a pointed nose \'85 he was wheezing and sobbing on the hearth rug. \'85\par
\ldblquote You are in luck, Wormtail,\rdblquote  said a cold, high-pitched voice from the depths of the chair in which the owl had landed. \ldblquote You are very fortunate indeed. Your blunder has not ruined everything. He is dead.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My Lord!\rdblquote  gasped the man on the floor. \ldblquote My Lord, I am \'85 I am so pleased \'85 and so sorry. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nagini,\rdblquote  said the cold voice, \ldblquote you are out of luck. I will not be feeding Wormtail to you, after all \'85 but never mind, never mind \'85 there is still Harry Potter. \'85\rdblquote\par
The snake hissed. Harry could see its tongue fluttering.\par
\ldblquote Now, Wormtail,\rdblquote  said the cold voice, \ldblquote perhaps one more little reminder why I will not tolerate another blunder from you. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My Lord \'85 no \'85 I beg you \'85\rdblquote\par
The tip of a wand emerged from around the back of the chair. It was pointing at Wormtail.\par
\ldblquote\i Crucio\i0 !\rdblquote  said the cold voice.\par
Wormtail screamed, screamed as though every nerve in his body were on fire, the screaming filled Harry\rquote s ears as the scar on his fore\-head seared with pain; he was yelling too. \'85 Voldemort would hear him, would know he was there. \'85\par
\ldblquote Harry! \i Harry\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Harry opened his eyes. He was lying on the floor of Professor Trelawney\rquote s room with his hands over his face. His scar was still burning so badly that his eyes were watering. The pain had been real. The whole class was standing around him, and Ron was kneel\-ing next to him, looking terrified.\par
\ldblquote You all right?\rdblquote  he said.\par
\ldblquote Of course he isn\rquote t!\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, looking thor\-oughly excited. Her great eyes loomed over Harry, gazing at him. \ldblquote What was it, Potter? A premonition? An apparition? What did you see?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  Harry lied. He sat up. He could feel himself shaking. He couldn\rquote t stop himself from looking around, into the shadows behind him; Voldemort\rquote s voice had sounded so close. \'85\par
\ldblquote You were clutching your scar!\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney. \ldblquote You were rolling on the floor, clutching your scar! Come now, Potter, I have experience in these matters!\rdblquote\par
Harry looked up at her.\par
\ldblquote I need to go to the hospital wing, I think,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Bad headache.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My dear, you were undoubtedly stimulated by the extraordi\-nary clairvoyant vibrations of my room!\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney \ldblquote If you leave now, you may lose the opportunity to see further than you have ever \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t want to see anything except a headache cure,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
He stood up. The class backed away. They all looked unnerved.\par
\ldblquote See you later,\rdblquote  Harry muttered to Ron, and he picked up his bag and headed for the trapdoor, ignoring Professor Trelawney, who was wearing an expression of great frustration, as though she had just been denied a real treat.\par
When Harry reached the bottom of her stepladder, however, he did not set off for the hospital wing. He had no intention whatsoever of going there. Sirius had told him what to do if his scar hurt him again, and Harry was going to follow his advice: He was going straight to Dumbledore\rquote s office. He marched down the corridors, thinking about what he had seen in the dream \'85 it had been as vivid as the one that had awoken him on Privet Drive. \'85 He ran over the details in his mind, trying to make sure he could remember them. \'85 He had heard Voldemort accusing Wormtail of making a blunder \'85 but the owl had brought good news, the blunder had been repaired, somebody was dead \'85 so Wormtail was not going to be fed to the snake \'85 he, Harry, was going to be fed to it instead. \'85\par
Harry had walked right past the stone gargoyle guarding the en\-trance to Dumbledore\rquote s office without noticing. He blinked, looked around, realized what he had done, and retraced his steps, stopping in front of it. Then he remembered that he didn\rquote t know the password.\par
\ldblquote Sherbet lemon?\rdblquote  he tried tentatively.\par
The gargoyle did not move.\par
\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, staring at it, \ldblquote Pear Drop. Er \emdash  Licorice Wand. Fizzing Whizbee. Drooble\rquote s Best Blowing Gum. Bertie Bott\rquote s Every Flavor Beans \'85 oh no, he doesn\rquote t like them, does he? \'85 oh just open, can\rquote t you?\rdblquote  he said angrily. \ldblquote I really need to see him, it\rquote s urgent!\rdblquote\par
The gargoyle remained immovable.\par
Harry kicked it, achieving nothing but an excruciating pain in his big toe.\par
\ldblquote Chocolate Frog!\rdblquote  he yelled angrily, standing on one leg. \ldblquote Sugar Quill! Cockroach Cluster!\rdblquote\par
The gargoyle sprang to life and jumped aside. Harry blinked.\par
\ldblquote Cockroach Cluster?\rdblquote  he said, amazed. \ldblquote I was only joking. \'85\rdblquote\par
He hurried through the gap in the walls and stepped onto the foot of a spiral stone staircase, which moved slowly upward as the doors closed behind him, taking him up to a polished oak door with a brass door knocker.\par
He could hear voices from inside the office. He stepped off the moving staircase and hesitated, listening.\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore, I\rquote m afraid I don\rquote t see the connection, don\rquote t see it at all!\rdblquote  It was the voice of the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge. \ldblquote Ludo says Bertha\rquote s perfectly capable of getting herself lost. I agree we would have expected to have found her by now, but all the same, we\rquote ve no evidence of foul play, Dumbledore, none at all. As for her disappearance being linked with Barty Crouch\rquote s!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And what do you thinks happened to Barty Crouch, Minister?\rdblquote  said Moody\rquote s growling voice.\par
\ldblquote I see two possibilities, Alastor,\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote Either Crouch has finally cracked \emdash  more than likely, I\rquote m sure you\rquote ll agree, given his personal history \emdash  lost his mind, and gone wandering off some\-where \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He wandered extremely quickly, if that is the case, Cornelius,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly.\par
\ldblquote Or else \emdash  well \'85\rdblquote  Fudge sounded embarrassed. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote ll reserve judgment until after I\rquote ve seen the place where he was found, but you say it was just past the Beauxbatons carriage? Dumbledore, you know what that woman \i is\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I consider her to be a very able headmistress \emdash  and an excel\-lent dancer,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly.\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore, come!\rdblquote  said Fudge angrily. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you think you might be prejudiced in her favor because of Hagrid? They don\rquote t all turn out harmless \emdash  if, indeed, you can call Hagrid harmless, with that monster fixation he\rquote s got \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I no more suspect Madame Maxime than Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore, just as calmly. \ldblquote I think it possible that it is you who are prejudiced, Cornelius.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Can we wrap up this discussion?\rdblquote  growled Moody.\par
\ldblquote Yes, yes, let\rquote s go down to the grounds, then,\rdblquote  said Fudge impa\-tiently.\par
\ldblquote No, it\rquote s not that,\rdblquote  said Moody, \ldblquote it\rquote s just that Potter wants a word with you, Dumbledore. He\rquote s just outside the door.\rdblquote\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 30\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Pensieve\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
The door of the office opened.\par
\ldblquote Hello, Potter,\rdblquote  said Moody. \ldblquote Come in, then.\rdblquote\par
Harry walked inside. He had been inside Dumbledore\rquote s office once before; it was a very beautiful, circular room, lined with pic\-tures of previous headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts, all of whom were fast asleep, their chests rising and falling gently.\par
Cornelius Fudge was standing beside Dumbledore\rquote s desk, wear\-ing his usual pinstriped cloak and holding his lime-green bowler hat.\par
\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  said Fudge jovially, moving forward. \ldblquote How are you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  Harry lied.\par
\ldblquote We were just talking about the night when Mr. Crouch turned up on the grounds,\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote It was you who found him, was it not?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. Then, feeling it was pointless to pretend that he hadn\rquote t overheard what they had been saying, he added, \ldblquote I didn\rquote t see Madame Maxime anywhere, though, and she\rquote d have a job hid\-ing, wouldn\rquote t she?\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore smiled at Harry behind Fudge\rquote s back, his eyes twinkling.\par
\ldblquote Yes, well,\rdblquote  said Fudge, looking embarrassed, \ldblquote we\rquote re about to go for a short walk on the grounds, Harry, if you\rquote ll excuse us \'85 per\-haps if you just go back to your class \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I wanted to talk to you, Professor,\rdblquote  Harry said quickly, looking at Dumbledore, who gave him a swift, searching look.\par
\ldblquote Wait here for me, Harry,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Our examination of the grounds will not take long.\rdblquote\par
They trooped out in silence past him and closed the door. After a minute or so, Harry heard the clunks of Moody\rquote s wooden leg growing fainter in the corridor below. He looked around.\par
\ldblquote Hello, Fawkes,\rdblquote  he said.\par
Fawkes, Professor Dumbledore\rquote s phoenix, was standing on his golden perch beside the door. The size of a swan, with magnificent scarlet-and-gold plumage, he swished his long tail and blinked benignly at Harry.\par
Harry sat down in a chair in front of Dumbledore\rquote s desk. For several minutes, he sat and watched the old headmasters and head\-mistresses snoozing in their frames, thinking about what he had just heard, and running his fingers over his scar. It had stopped hurting now.\par
He felt much calmer, somehow, now that he was in Dumble\-dore\rquote s office, knowing he would shortly be telling him about the dream. Harry looked up at the walls behind the desk. The patched and ragged Sorting Hat was standing on a shelf. A glass case next to it held a magnificent silver sword with large rubies set into the hilt, which Harry recognized as the one he himself had pulled out of the Sorting Hat in his second year. The sword had once belonged to Godric Gryffindor, founder of Harry\rquote s House. He was gazing at it, remembering how it had come to his aid when he had thought all hope was lost, when he noticed a patch of silvery light, dancing and shimmering on the glass case. He looked around for the source of the light and saw a sliver of silver-white shining brightly from within a black cabinet behind him, whose door had not been closed properly. Harry hesitated, glanced at Fawkes, then got up, walked across the office, and pulled open the cabinet door.\par
A shallow stone basin lay there, with odd carvings around the edge: runes and symbols that Harry did not recognize. The silvery light was coming from the basin\rquote s contents, which were like noth\-ing Harry had ever seen before. He could not tell whether the sub\-stance was liquid or gas. It was a bright, whitish silver, and it was moving ceaselessly; the surface of it became ruffled like water be\-neath wind, and then, like clouds, separated and swirled smoothly. It looked like light made liquid \emdash  or like wind made solid \emdash  Harry couldn\rquote t make up his mind.\par
He wanted to touch it, to find out what it felt like, but nearly four years\rquote  experience of the magical world told him that sticking his hand into a bowl full of some unknown substance was a very stupid thing to do. He therefore pulled his wand out of the inside of his robes, cast a nervous look around the office, looked back at the contents of the basin, and prodded them.\par
The surface of the silvery stuff inside the basin began to swirl very fast.\par
Harry bent closer, his head right inside the cabinet. The silvery substance had become transparent; it looked like glass. He looked down into it, expecting to see the stone bottom of the basin \emdash  and saw instead an enormous room below the surface of the mysterious substance, a room into which he seemed to be looking through a circular window in the ceiling.\par
The room was dimly lit; he thought it might even be under\-ground, for there were no windows, merely torches in brackets such as the ones that illuminated the walls of Hogwarts. Lowering his face so that his nose was a mere inch away from the glassy sub\-stance, Harry saw that rows and rows of witches and wizards were seated around every wall on what seemed to be benches rising in levels. An empty chair stood in the very center of the room. There was something about the chair that gave Harry an ominous feeling. Chains encircled the arms of it, as though its occupants were usu\-ally tied to it.\par
Where was this place? It surely wasn\rquote t Hogwarts; he had never seen a room like that here in the castle. Moreover, the crowd in the mysterious room at the bottom of the basin was comprised of adults, and Harry knew there were not nearly that many teachers at Hogwarts. They seemed, he thought, to be waiting for something; even though he could only see the tops of their hats, all of their faces seemed to be pointing in one direction, and none of them were talking to one another.\par
The basin being circular, and the room he was observing square, Harry could not make out what was going on in the corners of it. He leaned even closer, tilting his head, trying to see \'85\par
The tip of his nose touched the strange substance into which he was staring.\par
Dumbledore\rquote s office gave an almighty lurch \emdash  Harry was thrown forward and pitched headfirst into the substance inside the basin \emdash\par
But his head did not hit the stone bottom. He was falling through something icy-cold and black; it was like being sucked into a dark whirlpool \emdash\par
And suddenly, Harry found himself sitting on a bench at the end of the room inside the basin, a bench raised high above the others. He looked up at the high stone ceiling, expecting to see the circu\-lar window through which he had just been staring, but there was nothing there but dark, solid stone.\par
Breathing hard and fast, Harry looked around him. Not one of the witches and wizards in the room (and there were at least two hundred of them) was looking at him. Not one of them seemed to have noticed that a fourteen-year-old boy had just dropped from the ceiling into their midst. Harry turned to the wizard next to him on the bench and uttered a loud cry of surprise that reverberated around the silent room.\par
He was sitting right next to Albus Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote Professor!\rdblquote  Harry said in a kind of strangled whisper. \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry \emdash  I didn\rquote t mean to \emdash  I was just looking at that basin in your cabinet \emdash  I \emdash  where are we?\rdblquote\par
But Dumbledore didn\rquote t move or speak. He ignored Harry com\-pletely. Like every other wizard on the benches, he was staring into the far corner of the room, where there was a door.\par
Harry gazed, nonplussed, at Dumbledore, then around at the silently watchful crowd, then back at Dumbledore. And then it dawned on him. \'85\par
Once before, Harry had found himself somewhere that nobody could see or hear him. That time, he had fallen through a page in an enchanted diary, right into somebody else\rquote s memory \'85 and unless he was very much mistaken, something of the sort had hap\-pened again. \'85\par
Harry raised his right hand, hesitated, and then waved it ener\-getically in front of Dumbledore\rquote s face. Dumbledore did not blink, look around at Harry, or indeed move at all. And that, in Harry\rquote s opinion, settled the matter. Dumbledore wouldn\rquote t ignore him like that. He was inside a memory, and this was not the present-day Dumbledore. Yet it couldn\rquote t be that long ago \'85 the Dumbledore sitting next to him now was silver-haired, just like the present-day Dumbledore. But what was this place? What were all these wizards waiting for?\par
Harry looked around more carefully. The room, as he had sus\-pected when observing it from above, was almost certainly under\-ground \emdash  more of a dungeon than a room, he thought. There was a bleak and forbidding air about the place; there were no pictures on the walls, no decorations at all; just these serried rows of benches, rising in levels all around the room, all positioned so that they had a clear view of that chair with the chains on its arms.\par
Before Harry could reach any conclusions about the place in which they were, he heard footsteps. The door in the corner of the dungeon opened and three people entered \emdash  or at least one man, flanked by two dementors.\par
Harry\rquote s insides went cold. The dementors \emdash  tall, hooded crea\-tures whose faces were concealed \emdash  were gliding slowly toward the chair in the center of the room, each grasping one of the man\rquote s arms with their dead and rotten-looking hands. The man between them looked as though he was about to faint, and Harry couldn\rquote t blame him \'85 he knew the dementors could not touch him inside a memory, but he remembered their power only too well. The watching crowd recoiled slightly as the dementors placed the man in the chained chair and glided back out of the room. The door swung shut behind them.\par
Harry looked down at the man now sitting in the chair and saw that it was Karkaroff.\par
Unlike Dumbledore, Karkaroff looked much younger; his hair and goatee were black. He was not dressed in sleek furs, but in thin and ragged robes. He was shaking. Even as Harry watched, the chains on the arms of the chair glowed suddenly gold and snaked their way up Karkaroff\rquote s arms, binding him there.\par
\ldblquote Igor Karkaroff,\rdblquote  said a curt voice to Harry\rquote s left. Harry looked around and saw Mr. Crouch standing up in the middle of the bench beside him. Crouch\rquote s hair was dark, his face was much less lined, he looked fit and alert. \ldblquote You have been brought from Azka\-ban to present evidence to the Ministry of Magic. You have given us to understand that you have important information for us.\rdblquote\par
Karkaroff straightened himself as best he could, tightly bound to the chair.\par
\ldblquote I have, sir,\rdblquote  he said, and although his voice was very scared, Harry could still hear the familiar unctuous note in it. \ldblquote I wish to be of use to the Ministry. I wish to help. I \emdash  I know that the Ministry is trying to \emdash  to round up the last of the Dark Lord\rquote s supporters. I am eager to assist in any way I can. \'85\rdblquote\par
There was a murmur around the benches. Some of the wizards and witches were surveying Karkaroff with interest, others with pronounced mistrust. Then Harry heard, quite distinctly, from Dumbledore\rquote s other side, a familiar, growling voice saying, \ldblquote Filth.\rdblquote\par
Harry leaned forward so that he could see past Dumbledore. Mad-Eye Moody was sitting there \emdash  except that there was a very noticeable difference in his appearance. He did not have his magi\-cal eye, but two normal ones. Both were looking down upon Karkaroff, and both were narrowed in intense dislike.\par
\ldblquote Crouch is going to let him out,\rdblquote  Moody breathed quietly to Dumbledore. \ldblquote He\rquote s done a deal with him. Took me six months to track him down, and Crouch is going to let him go if he\rquote s got enough new names. Let\rquote s hear his information, I say, and throw him straight back to the dementors.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore made a small noise of dissent through his long, crooked nose.\par
\ldblquote Ah, I was forgetting \'85 you don\rquote t like the dementors, do you, Albus?\rdblquote  said Moody with a sardonic smile.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly, \ldblquote I\rquote m afraid I don\rquote t. I have long felt the Ministry is wrong to ally itself with such creatures.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But for filth like this \'85\rdblquote  Moody said softly.\par
\ldblquote You say you have names for us, Karkaroff,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch. \ldblquote Let us hear them, please.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You must understand,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff hurriedly, \ldblquote that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named operated always in the greatest secrecy. \'85 He preferred that we \emdash  I mean to say, his supporters \emdash  and I re\-gret now, very deeply, that I ever counted myself among them \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Get on with it,\rdblquote  sneered Moody.\par
\ldblquote\emdash  we never knew the names of every one of our fellows \emdash  He alone knew exactly who we all were \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Which was a wise move, wasn\rquote t it, as it prevented someone like you, Karkaroff, from turning all of them in,\rdblquote  muttered Moody.\par
\ldblquote Yet you say you have \i some\i0  names for us?\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch.\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  I do,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff breathlessly. \ldblquote And these were impor\-tant supporters, mark you. People I saw with my own eyes doing his bidding. I give this information as a sign that I fully and totally re\-nounce him, and am filled with a remorse so deep I can barely \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote These names are?\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch sharply.\par
Karkaroff drew a deep breath.\par
\ldblquote There was Antonin Dolohov,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I \emdash  I saw him torture countless Muggles and \emdash  and non-supporters of the Dark Lord.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And helped him do it,\rdblquote  murmured Moody.\par
\ldblquote We have already apprehended Dolohov,\rdblquote  said Crouch. \ldblquote He was caught shortly after yourself.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Indeed?\rdblquote  said Karkaroff, his eyes widening. \ldblquote I \emdash  I am de\-lighted to hear it!\rdblquote\par
But he didn\rquote t look it. Harry could tell that this news had come as a real blow to him. One of his names was worthless.\par
\ldblquote Any others?\rdblquote  said Crouch coldly.\par
\ldblquote Why, yes \'85 there was Rosier,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff hurriedly. \ldblquote Evan Rosier.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Rosier is dead,\rdblquote  said Crouch. \ldblquote He was caught shortly after you were too. He preferred to fight rather than come quietly and was killed in the struggle.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Took a bit of me with him, though,\rdblquote  whispered Moody to Harry\rquote s right. Harry looked around at him once more, and saw him indicating the large chunk out of his nose to Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote No \emdash  no more than Rosier deserved!\rdblquote  said Karkaroff, a real note of panic in his voice now. Harry could see that he was starting to worry that none of his information would be of any use to the Ministry. Karkaroff\rquote s eyes darted toward the door in the corner, be\-hind which the dementors undoubtedly still stood, waiting.\par
\ldblquote Any more?\rdblquote  said Crouch.\par
\ldblquote Yes!\rdblquote  said Karkaroff. \ldblquote There was Travers \emdash  he helped murder the McKinnons! Mulciber \emdash  he specialized in the Imperius Curse, forced countless people to do horrific things! Rookwood, who was a spy, and passed He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named useful informa\-tion from inside the Ministry itself!\rdblquote\par
Harry could tell that, this time, Karkaroff had struck gold. The watching crowd was all murmuring together.\par
\ldblquote Rookwood?\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch, nodding to a witch sitting in front of him, who began scribbling upon her piece of parchment. \ldblquote Augustus Rookwood of the Department of Mysteries?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The very same,\rdblquote  said Karkaroff eagerly. \ldblquote I believe he used a net\-work of well-placed wizards, both inside the Ministry and out, to collect information \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But Travers and Mulciber we have,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch. \ldblquote Very well, Karkaroff, if that is all, you will be returned to Azkaban while we decide \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not yet!\rdblquote  cried Karkaroff, looking quite desperate. \ldblquote Wait, I have more!\rdblquote\par
Harry could see him sweating in the torchlight, his white skin contrasting strongly with the black of his hair and beard.\par
\ldblquote Snape!\rdblquote  he shouted. \ldblquote Severus Snape!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Snape has been cleared by this council,\rdblquote  said Crouch disdain\-fully. \ldblquote He has been vouched for by Albus Dumbledore.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  shouted Karkaroff, straining at the chains that bound him to the chair. \ldblquote I assure you! Severus Snape is a Death Eater!\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore had gotten to his feet.\par
\ldblquote I have given evidence already on this matter,\rdblquote  he said calmly. \ldblquote Severus Snape was indeed a Death Eater. However, he rejoined our side before Lord Voldemort\rquote s downfall and turned spy for us, at great personal risk. He is now no more a Death Eater than I am.\rdblquote\par
Harry turned to look at Mad-Eye Moody. He was wearing a look of deep skepticism behind Dumbledore\rquote s back.\par
\ldblquote Very well, Karkaroff,\rdblquote  Crouch said coldly, \ldblquote you have been of as\-sistance. I shall review your case. You will return to Azkaban in the meantime. \'85\rdblquote\par
Mr. Crouch\rquote s voice faded. Harry looked around; the dungeon was dissolving as though it were made of smoke; everything was fading; he could see only his own body \emdash  all else was swirling darkness. \'85\par
And then, the dungeon returned. Harry was sitting in a different seat, still on the highest bench, but now to the left side of Mr. Crouch. The atmosphere seemed quite different: relaxed, even cheerful. The witches and wizards all around the walls were talking to one another, almost as though they were at some sort of sporting event. Harry noticed a witch halfway up the rows of benches op\-posite. She had short blonde hair, was wearing magenta robes, and was sucking the end of an acid-green quill. It was, unmistakably, a younger Rita Skeeter. Harry looked around; Dumbledore was sit\-ting beside him again, wearing different robes. Mr. Crouch looked more tired and somehow fiercer, gaunter. \'85 Harry understood. It was a different memory, a different day \'85 a different trial.\par
The door in the corner opened, and Ludo Bagman walked into the room.\par
This was not, however, a Ludo Bagman gone to seed, but a Ludo Bagman who was clearly at the height of his Quidditch-playing fit\-ness. His nose wasn\rquote t broken now; he was tall and lean and muscu\-lar. Bagman looked nervous as he sat down in the chained chair, but it did not bind him there as it had bound Karkaroff, and Bag\-man, perhaps taking heart from this, glanced around at the watch\-ing crowd, waved at a couple of them, and managed a small smile.\par
\ldblquote Ludo Bagman, you have been brought here in front of the Council of Magical Law to answer charges relating to the activities of the Death Eaters,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch. \ldblquote We have heard the evidence against you, and are about to reach our verdict. Do you have any\-thing to add to your testimony before we pronounce judgment?\rdblquote\par
Harry couldn\rquote t believe his ears. \i Ludo Bagman, a Death Eater\i0 ?\par
\ldblquote Only,\rdblquote  said Bagman, smiling awkwardly, \ldblquote well \emdash  I know I\rquote ve been a bit of an idiot \emdash\rdblquote\par
One or two wizards and witches in the surrounding seats smiled indulgently. Mr. Crouch did not appear to share their feelings. He was staring down at Ludo Bagman with an expression of the ut\-most severity and dislike.\par
\ldblquote You never spoke a truer word, boy,\rdblquote  someone muttered dryly to Dumbledore behind Harry. He looked around and saw Moody sitting there again. \ldblquote If I didn\rquote t know he\rquote d always been dim, I\rquote d have said some of those Bludgers had permanently affected his brain. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ludovic Bagman, you were caught passing information to Lord Voldemort\rquote s supporters,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch. \ldblquote For this, I suggest a term of imprisonment in Azkaban lasting no less than \emdash\rdblquote\par
But there was an angry outcry from the surrounding benches. Several of the witches and wizards around the walls stood up, shak\-ing their heads, and even their fists, at Mr. Crouch.\par
\ldblquote But I\rquote ve told you, I had no idea!\rdblquote  Bagman called earnestly over the crowd\rquote s babble, his round blue eyes widening. \ldblquote None at all! Old Rookwood was a friend of my dad\rquote s \'85 never crossed my mind he was in with You-Know-Who! I thought I was collecting informa\-tion for our side! And Rookwood kept talking about getting me a job in the Ministry later on \'85 once my Quidditch days are over, you know \'85 I mean, I can\rquote t keep getting hit by Bludgers for the rest of my life, can I?\rdblquote\par
There were titters from the crowd.\par
\ldblquote It will be put to the vote,\rdblquote  said Mr. Crouch coldly. He turned to the right-hand side of the dungeon. \ldblquote The jury will please raise their hands \'85 those in favor of imprisonment \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry looked toward the right-hand side of the dungeon. Not one person raised their hand. Many of the witches and wizards around the walls began to clap. One of the witches on the jury stood up.\par
\ldblquote Yes?\rdblquote  barked Crouch.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote d just like to congratulate Mr. Bagman on his splendid per\-formance for England in the Quidditch match against Turkey last Saturday,\rdblquote  the witch said breathlessly.\par
Mr. Crouch looked furious. The dungeon was ringing with ap\-plause now. Bagman got to his feet and bowed, beaming.\par
\ldblquote Despicable,\rdblquote  Mr. Crouch spat at Dumbledore, sitting down as Bagman walked out of the dungeon. \ldblquote Rookwood get him a job in\-deed. \'85 The day Ludo Bagman joins us will be a sad day indeed for the Ministry. \'85\rdblquote\par
And the dungeon dissolved again. When it had returned, Harry looked around. He and Dumbledore were still sitting beside Mr. Crouch, but the atmosphere could not have been more different. There was total silence, broken only by the dry sobs of a frail, wispy-looking witch in the seat next to Mr. Crouch. She was clutching a handkerchief to her mouth with trembling hands. Harry looked up at Crouch and saw that he looked gaunter and grayer than ever before. A nerve was twitching in his temple.\par
\ldblquote Bring them in,\rdblquote  he said, and his voice echoed through the silent dungeon.\par
The door in the corner opened yet again. Six dementors entered this time, flanking a group of four people. Harry saw the people in the crowd turn to look up at Mr. Crouch. A few of them whispered to one another.\par
The dementors placed each of the four people in the four chairs with chained arms that now stood on the dungeon floor. There was a thickset man who stared blankly up at Crouch; a thinner and more nervous-looking man, whose eyes were darting around the crowd; a woman with thick, shining dark hair and heavily hooded eyes, who was sitting in the chained chair as though it were a throne; and a boy in his late teens, who looked nothing short of petrified. He was shivering, his straw-colored hair all over his face, his freckled skin milk-white. The wispy little witch beside Crouch began to rock backward and forward in her seat, whimpering into her handkerchief.\par
Crouch stood up. He looked down upon the four in front of him, and there was pure hatred in his face.\par
\ldblquote You have been brought here before the Council of Magical Law,\rdblquote  he said clearly, \ldblquote so that we may pass judgment on you, for a crime so heinous \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Father,\rdblquote  said the boy with the straw-colored hair. \ldblquote Father \'85 please \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  that we have rarely heard the like of it within this court,\rdblquote  said Crouch, speaking more loudly, drowning out his son\rquote s voice. \ldblquote We have heard the evidence against you. The four of you stand accused of capturing an Auror \emdash  Frank Longbottom \emdash  and subjecting him to the Cruciatus Curse, believing him to have knowledge of the present whereabouts of your exiled master, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Father, I didn\rquote t!\rdblquote  shrieked the boy in chains below. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t, I swear it, Father, don\rquote t send me back to the dementors \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You are further accused,\rdblquote  bellowed Mr. Crouch, \ldblquote of using the Cruciatus Curse on Frank Longbottom\rquote s wife, when he would not give you information. You planned to restore He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named to power, and to resume the lives of violence you pre\-sumably led while he was strong. I now ask the jury \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mother!\rdblquote  screamed the boy below, and the wispy little witch beside Crouch began to sob, rocking backward and forward. \ldblquote Mother, stop him, Mother, I didn\rquote t do it, it wasn\rquote t me!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I now ask the jury,\rdblquote  shouted Mr. Crouch, \ldblquote to raise their hands if they believe, as I do, that these crimes deserve a life sentence in Azkaban!\rdblquote\par
In unison, the witches and wizards along the right-hand side of the dungeon raised their hands. The crowd around the walls began to clap as it had for Bagman, their faces full of savage triumph. The boy began to scream.\par
\ldblquote No! Mother, no! I didn\rquote t do it, I didn\rquote t do it, I didn\rquote t know! Don\rquote t send me there, don\rquote t let him!\rdblquote\par
The dementors were gliding back into the room. The boys\rquote  three companions rose quietly from their seats; the woman with the heavy-lidded eyes looked up at Crouch and called, \ldblquote The Dark Lord will rise again, Crouch! Throw us into Azkaban; we will wait! He will rise again and will come for us, he will reward us beyond any of his other supporters! We alone were faithful! We alone tried to find him!\rdblquote\par
But the boy was trying to fight off the dementors, even though Harry could see their cold, draining power starting to affect him. The crowd was jeering, some of them on their feet, as the woman swept out of the dungeon, and the boy continued to struggle.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m your son!\rdblquote  he screamed up at Crouch. \ldblquote I\rquote m your son!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You are no son of mine!\rdblquote  bellowed Mr. Crouch, his eyes bulging suddenly. \ldblquote I have no son!\rdblquote\par
The wispy witch beside him gave a great gasp and slumped in her seat. She had fainted. Crouch appeared not to have noticed.\par
\ldblquote Take them away!\rdblquote  Crouch roared at the dementors, spit flying from his mouth. \ldblquote Take them away, and may they rot there!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Father! Father, I wasn\rquote t involved! No! No! Father, please!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think, Harry, it is time to return to my office,\rdblquote  said a quiet voice in Harry\rquote s ear.\par
Harry started. He looked around. Then he looked on his other side.\par
There was an Albus Dumbledore sitting on his right, watching Crouch\rquote s son being dragged away by the dementors \emdash  and there was an Albus Dumbledore on his left, looking right at him.\par
\ldblquote Come,\rdblquote  said the Dumbledore on his left, and he put his hand under Harry\rquote s elbow. Harry felt himself rising into the air; the dun\-geon dissolved around him; for a moment, all was blackness, and then he felt as though he had done a slow-motion somersault, sud\-denly landing flat on his feet, in what seemed like the dazzling light of Dumbledore\rquote s sunlit office. The stone basin was shimmering in the cabinet in front of him, and Albus Dumbledore was standing beside him.\par
\ldblquote Professor,\rdblquote  Harry gasped, \ldblquote I know I shouldn\rquote t\rquote ve \emdash  I didn\rquote t mean \emdash  the cabinet door was sort of open and \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I quite understand,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. He lifted the basin, car\-ried it over to his desk, placed it upon the polished top, and sat down in the chair behind it. He motioned for Harry to sit down opposite him.\par
Harry did so, staring at the stone basin. The contents had re\-turned to their original, silvery-white state, swirling and rippling beneath his gaze.\par
\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  Harry asked shakily.\par
\ldblquote This? It is called a Pensieve,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I sometimes find, and I am sure you know the feeling, that I simply have too many thoughts and memories crammed into my mind.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  said Harry, who couldn\rquote t truthfully say that he had ever felt anything of the sort.\par
\ldblquote At these times,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, indicating the stone basin, \ldblquote I use the Pensieve. One simply siphons the excess thoughts from one\rquote s mind, pours them into the basin, and examines them at one\rquote s leisure. It becomes easier to spot patterns and links, you under\-stand, when they are in this form.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You mean \'85 that stuff\rquote s your \i thoughts\i0 ?\rdblquote  Harry said, staring at the swirling white substance in the basin.\par
\ldblquote Certainly,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Let me show you.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore drew his wand out of the inside of his robes and placed the tip into his own silvery hair, near his temple. When he took the wand away, hair seemed to be clinging to it \emdash  but then Harry saw that it was in fact a glistening strand of the same strange silvery-white substance that filled the Pensieve. Dumbledore added this fresh thought to the basin, and Harry, astonished, saw his own face swimming around the surface of the bowl. Dumbledore placed his long hands on either side of the Pensieve and swirled it, rather as a gold prospector would pan for fragments of gold \'85 and Harry saw his own face change smoothly into Snape\rquote s, who opened his mouth and spoke to the ceiling, his voice echoing slightly.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s coming back \'85 Karkaroff\rquote s too \'85 stronger and clearer than ever \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A connection I could have made without assistance,\rdblquote  Dumble\-dore sighed, \ldblquote but never mind.\rdblquote  He peered over the top of his half-moon spectacles at Harry, who was gaping at Snape\rquote s face, which was continuing to swirl around the bowl. \ldblquote I was using the Pensieve when Mr. Fudge arrived for our meeting and put it away rather hastily. Undoubtedly I did not fasten the cabinet door properly. Naturally, it would have attracted your attention.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  Harry mumbled.\par
Dumbledore shook his head. \ldblquote Curiosity is not a sin,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote But we should exercise caution with our curiosity \'85 yes, in\-deed \'85\rdblquote\par
Frowning slightly, he prodded the thoughts within the basin with the tip of his wand. Instantly, a figure rose out of it, a plump, scowling girl of about sixteen, who began to revolve slowly, with her feet still in the basin. She took no notice whatsoever of Harry or Professor Dumbledore. When she spoke, her voice echoed as Snape\rquote s had done, as though it were coming from the depths of the stone basin. \ldblquote He put a hex on me, Professor Dumbledore, and I was only teasing him, sir. I only said I\rquote d seen him kissing Florence behind the greenhouses last Thursday. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But why, Bertha,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore sadly, looking up at the now silently revolving girl, \ldblquote why did you have to follow him in the first place?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Bertha?\rdblquote  Harry whispered, looking up at her. \ldblquote Is that \emdash  was that Bertha Jorkins?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, prodding the thoughts in the basin again; Bertha sank back into them, and they became silvery and opaque once more. \ldblquote That was Bertha as I remember her at school.\rdblquote\par
The silvery light from the Pensieve illuminated Dumbledore\rquote s face, and it struck Harry suddenly how very old he was looking. He knew, of course, that Dumbledore was getting on in years, but somehow he never really thought of Dumbledore as an old man.\par
\ldblquote So, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote Before you got lost in my thoughts, you wanted to tell me something.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Professor \emdash  I was in Divination just now, and \emdash  er \emdash  I fell asleep.\rdblquote\par
He hesitated here, wondering if a reprimand was coming, but Dumbledore merely said, \ldblquote Quite understandable. Continue.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, I had a dream,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote A dream about Lord Volde\-mort. He was torturing Wormtail \'85 you know who Wormtail \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I do know,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore promptly. \ldblquote Please continue.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Voldemort got a letter from an owl. He said something like, Wormtail\rquote s blunder had been repaired. He said someone was dead. Then he said, Wormtail wouldn\rquote t be fed to the snake \emdash  there was a snake beside his chair. He said \emdash  he said he\rquote d be feeding me to it, instead. Then he did the Cruciatus Curse on Wormtail \emdash  and my scar hurt,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote It woke me up, it hurt so badly.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore merely looked at him.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  that\rquote s all,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote I see,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote I see. Now, has your scar hurt at any other time this year, excepting the time it woke you up over the summer?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, I \emdash  how did you know it woke me up over the summer?\rdblquote  said Harry, astonished.\par
\ldblquote You are not Sirius\rquote s only correspondent,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I have also been in contact with him ever since he left Hogwarts last year. It was I who suggested the mountainside cave as the safest place for him to stay.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore got up and began walking up and down behind his desk. Every now and then, he placed his wand tip to his temple, re\-moved another shining silver thought, and added it to the Pen\-sieve. The thoughts inside began to swirl so fast that Harry couldn\rquote t make out anything clearly: It was merely a blur of color.\par
\ldblquote Professor?\rdblquote  he said quietly, after a couple of minutes.\par
Dumbledore stopped pacing and looked at Harry.\par
\ldblquote My apologies,\rdblquote  he said quietly. He sat back down at his desk.\par
\ldblquote D\rquote you \emdash  d\rquote you know why my scar\rquote s hurting me?\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore looked very intently at Harry for a moment, and then said, \ldblquote I have a theory, no more than that. \'85 It is my belief that your scar hurts both when Lord Voldemort is near you, and when he is feeling a particularly strong surge of hatred.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But \'85 why?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Because you and he are connected by the curse that failed,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote That is no ordinary scar.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So you think \'85 that dream \'85 did it really happen?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It is possible,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I would say \emdash  probable. Harry \emdash  did you see Voldemort?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Just the back of his chair. But \emdash  there wouldn\rquote t have been anything to see, would there? I mean, he hasn\rquote t got a body, has he? But \'85 but then how could he have held the wand?\rdblquote  Harry said slowly.\par
\ldblquote How indeed?\rdblquote  muttered Dumbledore. \ldblquote How indeed \'85\rdblquote\par
Neither Dumbledore nor Harry spoke for a while. Dumbledore was gazing across the room, and, every now and then, placing his wand tip to his temple and adding another shining silver thought to the seething mass within the Pensieve.\par
\ldblquote Professor,\rdblquote  Harry said at last, \ldblquote do you think he\rquote s getting stronger?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Voldemort?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, looking at Harry over the Pen\-sieve. It was the characteristic, piercing look Dumbledore had given him on other occasions, and always made Harry feel as though Dumbledore were seeing right through him in a way that even Moody\rquote s magical eye could not. \ldblquote Once again, Harry, I can only give you my suspicions.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore sighed again, and he looked older, and wearier, than ever.\par
\ldblquote The years of Voldemort\rquote s ascent to power,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote were marked with disappearances. Bertha Jorkins has vanished without a trace in the place where Voldemort was certainly known to be last. Mr. Crouch too has disappeared \'85 within these very grounds. And there was a third disappearance, one which the Ministry, I re\-gret to say, do not consider of any importance, for it concerns a Muggle. His name was Frank Bryce, he lived in the village where Voldemort\rquote s father grew up, and he has not been seen since last August. You see, I read the Muggle newspapers, unlike most of my Ministry friends.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore looked very seriously at Harry.\par
\ldblquote These disappearances seem to me to be linked. The Ministry disagrees \emdash  as you may have heard, while waiting outside my office.\rdblquote\par
Harry nodded. Silence fell between them again, Dumbledore extracting thoughts every now and then. Harry felt as though he ought to go, but his curiosity held him in his chair.\par
\ldblquote Professor?\rdblquote  he said again.\par
\ldblquote Yes, Harry?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote Er \'85 could I ask you about \'85 that court thing I was in \'85 in the Pensieve?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You could,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore heavily. \ldblquote I attended it many times, but some trials come back to me more clearly than oth\-ers \'85 particularly now. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You know \emdash  you know the trial you found me in? The one with Crouch\rquote s son? Well \'85 were they talking about Neville\rquote s parents?\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore gave Harry a very sharp look. \ldblquote Has Neville never told you why he has been brought up by his grandmother?\rdblquote  he said.\par
Harry shook his head, wondering, as he did so, how he could have failed to ask Neville this, in almost four years of knowing him.\par
\ldblquote Yes, they were talking about Neville\rquote s parents,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore. \ldblquote His father, Frank, was an Auror just like Professor Moody. He and his wife were tortured for information about Voldemort\rquote s whereabouts after he lost his powers, as you heard.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So they\rquote re dead?\rdblquote  said Harry quietly.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, his voice full of a bitterness Harry had never heard there before. \ldblquote They are insane. They are both in St. Mungo\rquote s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. I believe Neville visits them, with his grandmother, during the holidays. They do not recognize him.\rdblquote\par
Harry sat there, horror-struck. He had never known \'85 never, in four years, bothered to find out \'85\par
\ldblquote The Longbottoms were very popular,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote The attacks on them came after Voldemort\rquote s fall from power, just when everyone thought they were safe. Those attacks caused a wave of fury such as I have never known. The Ministry was under great pressure to catch those who had done it. Unfortunately, the Longbottoms\rquote  evidence was \emdash  given their condition \emdash  none too reliable.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then Mr. Crouch\rquote s son might not have been involved?\rdblquote  said Harry slowly.\par
Dumbledore shook his head.\par
\ldblquote As to that, I have no idea.\rdblquote\par
Harry sat in silence once more, watching the contents of the Pensieve swirl. There were two more questions he was burning to ask \'85 but they concerned the guilt of living people. \'85\par
\ldblquote Er,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote Mr. Bagman \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\'85 has never been accused of any Dark activity since,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly.\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry hastily, staring at the contents of the Pen\-sieve again, which were swirling more slowly now that Dumble\-dore had stopped adding thoughts. \ldblquote And \'85 er \'85\rdblquote\par
But the Pensieve seemed to be asking his question for him. Snape\rquote s face was swimming on the surface again. Dumbledore glanced down into it, and then up at Harry.\par
\ldblquote No more has Professor Snape,\rdblquote  he said.\par
Harry looked into Dumbledore\rquote s light blue eyes, and the thing he really wanted to know spilled out of his mouth before he could stop it.\par
\ldblquote What made you think he\rquote d really stopped supporting Volde\-mort, Professor?\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore held Harry\rquote s gaze for a few seconds, and then said, \ldblquote That, Harry, is a matter between Professor Snape and myself.\rdblquote\par
Harry knew that the interview was over; Dumbledore did not look angry, yet there was a finality in his tone that told Harry it was time to go. He stood up, and so did Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  he said as Harry reached the door. \ldblquote Please do not speak about Neville\rquote s parents to anybody else. He has the right to let peo\-ple know, when he is ready.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, Professor,\rdblquote  said Harry, turning to go.\par
\ldblquote And \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry looked back. Dumbledore was standing over the Pensieve, his face lit from beneath by its silvery spots of light, looking older than ever. He stared at Harry for a moment, and then said, \ldblquote Good luck with the third task.\rdblquote\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 31\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Third Task\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore reckons You-Know-Who\rquote s getting stronger again as well?\rdblquote  Ron whispered.\par
Everything Harry had seen in the Pensieve, nearly everything Dumbledore had told and shown him afterward, he had now shared with Ron and Hermione \emdash  and, of course, with Sirius, to whom Harry had sent an owl the moment he had left Dumble\-dore\rquote s office. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat up late in the common room once again that night, talking it all over until Harry\rquote s mind was reeling, until he understood what Dumbledore had meant about a head becoming so full of thoughts that it would have been a relief to siphon them off.\par
Ron stared into the common room fire. Harry thought he saw Ron shiver slightly, even though the evening was warm.\par
\ldblquote And he trusts Snape?\rdblquote  Ron said. \ldblquote He really trusts Snape, even though he knows he was a Death Eater?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Hermione had not spoken for ten minutes. She was sitting with her forehead in her hands, staring at her knees. Harry thought she too looked as though she could have done with a Pensieve.\par
\ldblquote Rita Skeeter,\rdblquote  she muttered finally.\par
\ldblquote How can you be worrying about her now?\rdblquote  said Ron, in utter disbelief.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not worrying about her,\rdblquote  Hermione said to her knees. \ldblquote I\rquote m just thinking \'85 remember what she said to me in the Three Broomsticks? \lquote I know things about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl.\rquote  This is what she meant, isn\rquote t it? She reported his trial, she knew he\rquote d passed information to the Death Eaters. And Winky too, remember \'85 \lquote Ludo Bagman\rquote s a bad wizard.\rquote  Mr. Crouch would have been furious he got off, he would have talked about it at home.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, but Bagman didn\rquote t pass information on purpose, did he?\rdblquote\par
Hermione shrugged.\par
\ldblquote And Fudge reckons \i Madame Maxime\i0  attacked Crouch?\rdblquote  Ron said, turning back to Harry.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but he\rquote s only saying that because Crouch disappeared near the Beauxbatons carriage.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We never thought of her, did we?\rdblquote  said Ron slowly. \ldblquote Mind you, she\rquote s definitely got giant blood, and she doesn\rquote t want to admit it \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course she doesn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply, looking up. \ldblquote Look what happened to Hagrid when Rita found out about his mother. Look at Fudge, jumping to conclusions about her, just be\-cause she\rquote s part giant. Who needs that sort of prejudice? I\rquote d proba\-bly say I had big bones if I knew that\rquote s what I\rquote d get for telling the truth.\rdblquote\par
Hermione looked at her watch. \ldblquote We haven\rquote t done any practic\-ing!\rdblquote  she said, looking shocked. \ldblquote We were going to do the Impedi\-ment Curse! We\rquote ll have to really get down to it tomorrow! Come on, Harry, you need to get some sleep.\rdblquote\par
Harry and Ron went slowly upstairs to their dormitory. As Harry pulled on his pajamas, he looked over at Neville\rquote s bed. True to his word to Dumbledore, he had not told Ron and Hermione about Neville\rquote s parents. As Harry took off his glasses and climbed into his four-poster, he imagined how it must feel to have parents still living but unable to recognize you. He often got sympathy from strangers for being an orphan, but as he listened to Neville\rquote s snores, he thought that Neville deserved it more than he did. Lying in the darkness, Harry felt a rush of anger and hate toward the peo\-ple who had tortured Mr. and Mrs. Longbottom. \'85 He remem\-bered the jeers of the crowd as Crouch\rquote s son and his companions had been dragged from the court by the dementors. \'85 He under\-stood how they had felt. \'85 Then he remembered the milk-white face of the screaming boy and realized with a jolt that he had died a year later. \'85\par
It was Voldemort, Harry thought, staring up at the canopy of his bed in the darkness, it all came back to Voldemort. \'85 He was the one who had torn these families apart, who had ruined all these lives. \'85\par
\par
Ron and Hermione were supposed to be studying for their exams, which would finish on the day of the third task, but they were putting most of their efforts into helping Harry prepare.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry about it,\rdblquote  Hermione said shortly when Harry pointed this out to them and said he didn\rquote t mind practicing on his own for a while, \ldblquote at least we\rquote ll get top marks in Defense Against the Dark Arts. We\rquote d never have found out about all these hexes in class.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good training for when we\rquote re all Aurors,\rdblquote  said Ron excitedly, attempting the Impediment Curse on a wasp that had buzzed into the room and making it stop dead in midair.\par
The mood in the castle as they entered June became excited and tense again. Everyone was looking forward to the third task, which would take place a week before the end of term. Harry was practic\-ing hexes at every available moment. He felt more confident about this task than either of the others. Difficult and dangerous though it would undoubtedly be, Moody was right: Harry had managed to find his way past monstrous creatures and enchanted barriers be\-fore now, and this time he had some notice, some chance to pre\-pare himself for what lay ahead.\par
Tired of walking in on Harry, Hermione, and Ron all over the school, Professor McGonagall had given them permission to use the empty Transfiguration classroom at lunchtimes. Harry had soon mastered the Impediment Curse, a spell to slow down and ob\-struct attackers; the Reductor Curse, which would enable him to blast solid objects out of his way; and the Four-Point Spell, a useful discovery of Hermione\rquote s that would make his wand point due north, therefore enabling him to check whether he was going in the right direction within the maze. He was still having trouble with the Shield Charm, though. This was supposed to cast a temporary, invisible wall around himself that deflected minor curses; Hermi\-one managed to shatter it with a well-placed Jelly-Legs Jinx, and Harry wobbled around the room for ten minutes afterward before she had looked up the counter-jinx.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re still doing really well, though,\rdblquote  Hermione said encour\-agingly, looking down her list and crossing off those spells they had already learned. \ldblquote Some of these are bound to come in handy.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come and look at this,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was standing by the window. He was staring down onto the grounds. \ldblquote What\rquote s Malfoy doing?\rdblquote\par
Harry and Hermione went to see. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were standing in the shadow of a tree below. Crabbe and Goyle seemed to be keeping a lookout; both were smirking. Malfoy was holding his hand up to his mouth and speaking into it.\par
\ldblquote He looks like he\rquote s using a walkie-talkie,\rdblquote  said Harry curiously.\par
\ldblquote He can\rquote t be,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote I\rquote ve told you, those sorts of things don\rquote t work around Hogwarts. Come on, Harry,\rdblquote  she added briskly, turning away from the window and moving back into the middle of the room, \ldblquote let\rquote s try that Shield Charm again.\rdblquote\par
\par
Sirius was sending daily owls now. Like Hermione, he seemed to want to concentrate on getting Harry through the last task before they concerned themselves with anything else. He reminded Harry in every letter that whatever might be going on outside the walls of Hogwarts was not Harry\rquote s responsibility, nor was it within his power to influence it.\par
\par
\i If Voldemort is really getting stronger again\i0 , he wrote, \i my priority is to ensure your safety. He cannot hope to lay hands on you while you are under Dumbledore\rquote s protection, but all the same, take no risks\i0 :\i  Concentrate on getting through that maze safely, and then we can turn our attention to other matters.\i0\par
\par
Harry\rquote s nerves mounted as June the twenty-fourth drew closer, but they were not as bad as those he had felt before the first and sec\-ond tasks. For one thing, he was confident that, this time, he had done everything in his power to prepare for the task. For another, this was the final hurdle, and however well or badly he did, the tour\-nament would at last be over, which would be an enormous relief.\par
\par
Breakfast was a very noisy affair at the Gryffindor table on the morning of the third task. The post owls appeared, bringing Harry a good-luck card from Sirius. It was only a piece of parchment, folded over and bearing a muddy paw print on its front, but Harry appreciated it all the same. A screech owl arrived for Hermione, carrying her morning copy of the \i Daily Prophet\i0  as usual. She un\-folded the paper, glanced at the front page, and spat out a mouth\-ful of pumpkin juice all over it.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron together, staring at her.\par
\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly, trying to shove the paper out of sight, but Ron grabbed it. He stared at the headline and said, \ldblquote No way. Not today. That old \i cow.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Rita Skeeter again?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron, and just like Hermione, he attempted to push the paper out of sight.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s about me, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron, in an entirely unconvincing tone.\par
But before Harry could demand to see the paper, Draco Malfoy shouted across the Great Hall from the Slytherin table.\par
\ldblquote Hey, Potter! \i Potter\i0 ! How\rquote s your head? You feeling all right? Sure you\rquote re not going to go berserk on us?\rdblquote\par
Malfoy was holding a copy of the \i Daily Prophet\i0  too. Slytherins up and down the table were sniggering, twisting in their seats to see Harry\rquote s reaction.\par
\ldblquote Let me see it,\rdblquote  Harry said to Ron. \ldblquote Give it here.\rdblquote\par
Very reluctantly, Ron handed over the newspaper. Harry turned it over and found himself staring at his own picture, beneath the banner headline:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc HARRY POTTER\par
\ldblquote DISTURBED AND DANGEROUS\rdblquote\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj The boy who defeated He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is unstable and possibly dangerous, \i writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent.\i0  Alarming evi\-dence has recently come to light about Harry Pot\-ter\rquote s strange behavior, which casts doubts upon his suitability to compete in a demanding competition like the Triwizard Tournament, or even to attend Hogwarts School.\par
Potter, the \i Daily Prophet\i0  can exclusively reveal, regularly collapses at school, and is often heard to complain of pain in the scar on his forehead (relic of the curse with which You-Know-Who attempted to kill him). On Monday last, midway through a Divination lesson, your \i Daily Prophet\i0  reporter witnessed Potter storming from the class, claiming that his scar was hurting too badly to continue studying.\par
It is possible, say top experts at St. Mungo\rquote s Hos\-pital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, that Pot\-ter\rquote s brain was affected by the attack inflicted upon him by You-Know-Who, and that his insistence that the scar is still hurting is an expression of his deep-seated confusion.\par
\ldblquote He might even be pretending,\rdblquote  said one spe\-cialist. \ldblquote This could be a plea for attention.\rdblquote\par
The \i Daily Prophet,\i0  however, has unearthed worrying facts about Harry Potter that Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts, has care\-fully concealed from the wizarding public.\par
\ldblquote Potter can speak Parseltongue,\rdblquote  reveals Draco Malfoy, a Hogwarts fourth year. \ldblquote There were a lot of attacks on students a couple of years ago, and most people thought Potter was behind them after they saw him lose his temper at a dueling club and set a snake on another boy. It was all hushed up, though. But he\rquote s made friends with werewolves and giants too. We think he\rquote d do anything for a bit of power.\rdblquote\par
Parseltongue, the ability to converse with snakes, has long been considered a Dark Art. Indeed, the most famous Parselmouth of our times is none other than You-Know-Who himself. A member of the Dark Force Defense League, who wished to remain unnamed, stated that he would regard any wizard who could speak Parseltongue \ldblquote as worthy of investigation. Personally, I would be highly suspi\-cious of anybody who could converse with snakes, as serpents are often used in the worst kinds of Dark Magic, and are historically associated with evildoers.\rdblquote  Similarly, \ldblquote anyone who seeks out the company of such vicious creatures as werewolves and giants would appear to have a fondness for violence.\rdblquote\par
Albus Dumbledore should surely consider whether a boy such as this should be allowed to compete in the Triwizard Tournament. Some fear that Potter might resort to the Dark Arts in his des\-peration to win the tournament, the third task of which takes place this evening.\par
\par
\ldblquote Gone off me a bit, hasn\rquote t she?\rdblquote  said Harry lightly, folding up the paper.\par
Over at the Slytherin table, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were laughing at him, tapping their heads with their fingers, pulling grotesquely mad faces, and waggling their tongues like snakes.\par
\ldblquote How did she know your scar hurt in Divination?\rdblquote  Ron said. \ldblquote There\rquote s no way she was there, there\rquote s no way she could\rquote ve heard \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The window was open,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I opened it to breathe.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You were at the top of North Tower!\rdblquote  Hermione said. \ldblquote Your voice couldn\rquote t have carried all the way down to the grounds!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, you\rquote re the one who\rquote s supposed to be researching magical methods of bugging!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You tell me how she did it!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve been trying!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote But I \'85 but \'85\rdblquote\par
An odd, dreamy expression suddenly came over Hermione\rquote s face. She slowly raised a hand and ran her fingers through her hair.\par
\ldblquote Are you all right?\rdblquote  said Ron, frowning at her.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione breathlessly. She ran her fingers through her hair again, and then held her hand up to her mouth, as though speaking into an invisible walkie-talkie. Harry and Ron stared at each other.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve had an idea,\rdblquote  Hermione said, gazing into space. \ldblquote I think I know \'85 because then no one would be able to see \'85 even Moody \'85 and she\rquote d have been able to get onto the window ledge \'85 but she\rquote s not allowed \'85 she\rquote s \i definitely\i0  not allowed \'85 I think we\rquote ve got her! Just give me two seconds in the library \emdash  just to make sure!\rdblquote\par
With that, Hermione seized her school bag and dashed out of the Great Hall.\par
\ldblquote Oi!\rdblquote  Ron called after her. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got our History of Magic exam in ten minutes! Blimey,\rdblquote  he said, turning back to Harry, \ldblquote she must really hate that Skeeter woman to risk missing the start of an exam. What\rquote re you going to do in Binns\rquote s class \emdash  read again?\rdblquote\par
Exempt from the end-of-term tests as a Triwizard champion, Harry had been sitting in the back of every exam class so far, look\-ing up fresh hexes for the third task.\par
\ldblquote S\rquote pose so,\rdblquote  Harry said to Ron; but just then, Professor McGo\-nagall came walking alongside the Gryffindor table toward him.\par
\ldblquote Potter, the champions are congregating in the chamber off the Hall after breakfast,\rdblquote  she said.\par
\ldblquote But the task\rquote s not till tonight!\rdblquote  said Harry, accidentally spilling scrambled eggs down his front, afraid he had mistaken the time.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m aware of that, Potter,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote The champions\rquote  families are invited to watch the final task, you know. This is simply a chance for you to greet them.\rdblquote\par
She moved away. Harry gaped after her.\par
\ldblquote She doesn\rquote t expect the Dursleys to turn up, does she?\rdblquote  he asked Ron blankly.\par
\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Harry, I\rquote d better hurry, I\rquote m going to be late for Binns. See you later.\rdblquote\par
Harry finished his breakfast in the emptying Great Hall. He saw Fleur Delacour get up from the Ravenclaw table and join Cedric as he crossed to the side chamber and entered. Krum slouched off to join them shortly afterward. Harry stayed where he was. He really didn\rquote t want to go into the chamber. He had no family \emdash  no family who would turn up to see him risk his life, anyway. But just as he was getting up, thinking that he might as well go up to the library and do a spot more hex research, the door of the side chamber opened, and Cedric stuck his head out.\par
\ldblquote Harry, come on, they\rquote re waiting for you!\rdblquote\par
Utterly perplexed, Harry got up. The Dursleys couldn\rquote t possibly be here, could they? He walked across the Hall and opened the door into the chamber.\par
Cedric and his parents were just inside the door. Viktor Krum was over in a corner, conversing with his dark-haired mother and father in rapid Bulgarian. He had inherited his father\rquote s hooked nose. On the other side of the room, Fleur was jabbering away in French to her mother. Fleur\rquote s little sister, Gabrielle, was holding her mother\rquote s hand. She waved at Harry, who waved back, grinning. Then he saw Mrs. Weasley and Bill standing in front of the fire\-place, beaming at him.\par
\ldblquote Surprise!\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley said excitedly as he smiled broadly and walked over to them. \ldblquote Thought we\rquote d come and watch you, Harry!\rdblquote  She bent down and kissed him on the cheek.\par
\ldblquote You all right?\rdblquote  said Bill, grinning at Harry and shaking his hand. \ldblquote Charlie wanted to come, but he couldn\rquote t get time off. He said you were incredible against the Horntail.\rdblquote\par
Fleur Delacour, Harry noticed, was eyeing Bill with great inter\-est over her mother\rquote s shoulder. Harry could tell she had no objec\-tion whatsoever to long hair or earrings with fangs on them.\par
\ldblquote This is really nice of you,\rdblquote  Harry muttered to Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote I thought for a moment \emdash  the Dursleys \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hmm,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, pursing her lips. She had always re\-frained from criticizing the Dursleys in front of Harry, but her eyes flashed every time they were mentioned.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s great being back here,\rdblquote  said Bill, looking around the cham\-ber (Violet, the Fat Lady\rquote s friend, winked at him from her frame). \ldblquote Haven\rquote t seen this place for five years. Is that picture of the mad knight still around? Sir Cadogan?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, who had met Sir Cadogan the previous year.\par
\ldblquote And the Fat Lady?\rdblquote  said Bill.\par
\ldblquote She was here in my time,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote She gave me such a telling off one night when I got back to the dormitory at four in the morning \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What were you doing out of your dormitory at four in the morning?\rdblquote  said Bill, surveying his mother with amazement.\par
Mrs. Weasley grinned, her eyes twinkling.\par
\ldblquote Your father and I had been for a nighttime stroll,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote He got caught by Apollyon Pringle \emdash  he was the caretaker in those days \emdash  your father\rquote s still got the marks.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fancy giving us a tour, Harry?\rdblquote  said Bill.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, and they made their way back toward the door into the Great Hall. As they passed Amos Diggory, he looked around.\par
\ldblquote There you are, are you?\rdblquote  he said, looking Harry up and down. \ldblquote Bet you\rquote re not feeling quite as full of yourself now Cedric\rquote s caught you up on points, are you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Ignore him,\rdblquote  said Cedric in a low voice to Harry, frowning af\-ter his father. \ldblquote He\rquote s been angry ever since Rita Skeeter\rquote s article about the Triwizard Tournament \emdash  you know, when she made out you were the only Hogwarts champion.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Didn\rquote t bother to correct her, though, did he?\rdblquote  said Amos Dig\-gory, loudly enough for Harry to hear as he started to walk out of the door with Mrs. Weasley and Bill. \ldblquote Still \'85 you\rquote ll show him, Ced. Beaten him once before, haven\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Rita Skeeter goes out of her way to cause trouble, Amos!\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley said angrily. \ldblquote I would have thought you\rquote d know that, working at the Ministry!\rdblquote\par
Mr. Diggory looked as though he was going to say something angry, but his wife laid a hand on his arm, and he merely shrugged and turned away.\par
Harry had a very enjoyable morning walking over the sunny grounds with Bill and Mrs. Weasley, showing them the Beaux\-batons carriage and the Durmstrang ship. Mrs. Weasley was intrigued by the Whomping Willow, which had been planted after she had left school, and reminisced at length about the gamekeeper before Hagrid, a man called Ogg.\par
\ldblquote How\rquote s Percy?\rdblquote  Harry asked as they walked around the green\-houses.\par
\ldblquote Not good,\rdblquote  said Bill.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s very upset,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, lowering her voice and glancing around. \ldblquote The Ministry wants to keep Mr. Crouch\rquote s disap\-pearance quiet, but Percy\rquote s been hauled in for questioning about the instructions Mr. Crouch has been sending in. They seem to think there\rquote s a chance they weren\rquote t genuinely written by him. Percy\rquote s been under a lot of strain. They\rquote re not letting him fill in for Mr. Crouch as the fifth judge tonight. Cornelius Fudge is going to be doing it.\rdblquote\par
They returned to the castle for lunch.\par
\ldblquote Mum \emdash  Bill!\rdblquote  said Ron, looking stunned, as he joined the Gryffindor table. \ldblquote What\rquote re you doing here?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come to watch Harry in the last task!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley brightly. \ldblquote I must say, it makes a lovely change, not having to cook. How was your exam?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh \'85 okay,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Couldn\rquote t remember all the goblin rebels\rquote  names, so I invented a few. It\rquote s all right,\rdblquote  he said, helping himself to a Cornish pasty, while Mrs. Weasley looked stern, \ldblquote they\rquote re all called stuff like Bodrod the Bearded and Urg the Un\-clean; it wasn\rquote t hard.\rdblquote\par
Fred, George, and Ginny came to sit next to them too, and Harry was having such a good time he felt almost as though he were back at the Burrow; he had forgotten to worry about that evening\rquote s task, and not until Hermione turned up, halfway through lunch, did he remember that she had had a brainwave about Rita Skeeter.\par
\ldblquote Are you going to tell us \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
Hermione shook her head warningly and glanced at Mrs. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote Hello, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, much more stiffly than usual.\par
\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  said Hermione, her smile faltering at the cold expres\-sion on Mrs. Weasley\rquote s face.\par
Harry looked between them, then said, \ldblquote Mrs. Weasley, you did\-n\rquote t believe that rubbish Rita Skeeter wrote in \i Witch Weekly,\i0  did you? Because Hermione\rquote s not my girlfriend.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote No \emdash  of course I didn\rquote t!\rdblquote\par
But she became considerably warmer toward Hermione after that.\par
Harry, Bill, and Mrs. Weasley whiled away the afternoon with a long walk around the castle, and then returned to the Great Hall for the evening feast. Ludo Bagman and Cornelius Fudge had joined the staff table now. Bagman looked quite cheerful, but Cor\-nelius Fudge, who was sitting next to Madame Maxime, looked stern and was not talking. Madame Maxime was concentrating on her plate, and Harry thought her eyes looked red. Hagrid kept glancing along the table at her.\par
There were more courses than usual, but Harry, who was start\-ing to feel really nervous now, didn\rquote t eat much. As the enchanted ceiling overhead began to fade from blue to a dusky purple, Dum\-bledore rose to his feet at the staff table, and silence fell.\par
\ldblquote Ladies and gentlemen, in five minutes\rquote  time, I will be asking you to make your way down to the Quidditch field for the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament. Will the champions please follow Mr. Bagman down to the stadium now.\rdblquote\par
Harry got up. The Gryffindors all along the table were applaud\-ing him; the Weasleys and Hermione all wished him good luck, and he headed off out of the Great Hall with Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor.\par
\ldblquote Feeling all right, Harry?\rdblquote  Bagman asked as they went down the stone steps onto the grounds. \ldblquote Confident?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m okay,\rdblquote  said Harry. It was sort of true; he was nervous, but he kept running over all the hexes and spells he had been practic\-ing in his mind as they walked, and the knowledge that he could remember them all made him feel better.\par
They walked onto the Quidditch field, which was now com\-pletely unrecognizable. A twenty-foot-high hedge ran all the way around the edge of it. There was a gap right in front of them: the entrance to the vast maze. The passage beyond it looked dark and creepy.\par
Five minutes later, the stands had begun to fill; the air was full of excited voices and the rumbling of feet as the hundreds of students filed into their seats. The sky was a deep, clear blue now, and the first stars were starting to appear. Hagrid, Professor Moody, Profes\-sor McGonagall, and Professor Flitwick came walking into the sta\-dium and approached Bagman and the champions. They were wearing large, red, luminous stars on their hats, all except Hagrid, who had his on the back of his moleskin vest.\par
\ldblquote We are going to be patrolling the outside of the maze,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall to the champions. \ldblquote If you get into difficulty, and wish to be rescued, send red sparks into the air, and one of us will come and get you, do you understand?\rdblquote\par
The champions nodded.\par
\ldblquote Off you go, then!\rdblquote  said Bagman brightly to the four patrollers.\par
\ldblquote Good luck, Harry,\rdblquote  Hagrid whispered, and the four of them walked away in different directions, to station themselves around the maze. Bagman now pointed his wand at his throat, muttered, \ldblquote\i Sonorus,\i0\rdblquote  and his magically magnified voice echoed into the stands.\par
\ldblquote Ladies and gentlemen, the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament is about to begin! Let me remind you how the points currently stand! Tied in first place, with eighty-five points each \emdash  Mr. Cedric Diggory and Mr. Harry Potter, both of Hogwarts School!\rdblquote  The cheers and applause sent birds from the Forbidden Forest fluttering into the darkening sky. \ldblquote In second place, with eighty points \emdash  Mr. Viktor Krum, of Durmstrang Institute!\rdblquote  More applause. \ldblquote And in third place \emdash  Miss Fleur Delacour, of Beauxbatons Academy!\rdblquote\par
Harry could just make out Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Ron, and Hermi\-one applauding Fleur politely, halfway up the stands. He waved up at them, and they waved back, beaming at him.\par
\ldblquote So \'85 on my whistle, Harry and Cedric!\rdblquote  said Bagman. \ldblquote Three \emdash  two \emdash  one \emdash\rdblquote\par
He gave a short blast on his whistle, and Harry and Cedric hur\-ried forward into the maze.\par
The towering hedges cast black shadows across the path, and, whether because they were so tall and thick or because they had been enchanted, the sound of the surrounding crowd was silenced the moment they entered the maze. Harry felt almost as though he were underwater again. He pulled out his wand, muttered, \ldblquote\i Lumos,\i0\rdblquote  and heard Cedric do the same just behind him.\par
After about fifty yards, they reached a fork. They looked at each other.\par
\ldblquote See you,\rdblquote  Harry said, and he took the left one, while Cedric took the right.\par
Harry heard Bagman\rquote s whistle for the second time. Krum had entered the maze. Harry sped up. His chosen path seemed com\-pletely deserted. He turned right, and hurried on, holding his wand high over his head, trying to see as far ahead as possible. Still, there was nothing in sight.\par
Bagman\rquote s whistle blew in the distance for the third time. All of the champions were now inside.\par
Harry kept looking behind him. The old feeling that he was be\-ing watched was upon him. The maze was growing darker with every passing minute as the sky overhead deepened to navy. He reached a second fork.\par
\ldblquote\i Point Me,\i0\rdblquote  he whispered to his wand, holding it flat in his palm.\par
The wand spun around once and pointed toward his right, into solid hedge. That way was north, and he knew that he needed to go northwest for the center of the maze. The best he could do was to take the left fork and go right again as soon as possible.\par
The path ahead was empty too, and when Harry reached a right turn and took it, he again found his way unblocked. Harry didn\rquote t know why, but the lack of obstacles was unnerving him. Surely he should have met something by now? It felt as though the maze were luring him into a false sense of security. Then he heard movement right behind him. He held out his wand, ready to attack, but its beam fell only upon Cedric, who had just hurried out of a path on the right-hand side. Cedric looked severely shaken. The sleeve of his robe was smoking.\par
\ldblquote Hagrid\rquote s Blast-Ended Skrewts!\rdblquote  he hissed. \ldblquote They\rquote re enor\-mous \emdash  I only just got away!\rdblquote\par
He shook his head and dived out of sight, along another path. Keen to put plenty of distance between himself and the skrewts, Harry hurried off again. Then, as he turned a corner, he saw \'85 a dementor gliding toward him. Twelve feet tall, its face hidden by its hood, its rotting, scabbed hands outstretched, it advanced, sensing its way blindly toward him. Harry could hear its rattling breath; he felt clammy coldness stealing over him, but knew what he had to do. \'85\par
He summoned the happiest thought he could, concentrated with all his might on the thought of getting out of the maze and celebrating with Ron and Hermione, raised his wand, and cried, \ldblquote\i Expecto Patronum\i0 !\rdblquote\par
A silver stag erupted from the end of Harry\rquote s wand and galloped toward the dementor, which fell back and tripped over the hem of its robes. \'85 Harry had never seen a dementor stumble.\par
\ldblquote Hang on!\rdblquote  he shouted, advancing in the wake of his silver Patronus. \ldblquote You\rquote re a boggart! \i Riddikulus\i0 !\rdblquote\par
There was a loud crack, and the shape-shifter exploded in a wisp of smoke. The silver stag faded from sight. Harry wished it could have stayed, he could have used some company \'85 but he moved on, quickly and quietly as possible, listening hard, his wand held high once more.\par
Left \'85 right \'85 left again \'85 Twice he found himself facing dead ends. He did the Four-Point Spell again and found that he was going too far east. He turned back, took a right turn, and saw an odd golden mist floating ahead of him.\par
Harry approached it cautiously, pointing the wand\rquote s beam at it. This looked like some kind of enchantment. He wondered whether he might be able to blast it out of the way.\par
\ldblquote\i Reducto\i0 !\rdblquote  he said.\par
The spell shot straight through the mist, leaving it intact. He supposed he should have known better; the Reductor Curse was for solid objects. What would happen if he walked through the mist? Was it worth chancing it, or should he double back?\par
He was still hesitating when a scream shattered the silence.\par
\ldblquote Fleur?\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\par
There was silence. He stared all around him. What had hap\-pened to her? Her scream seemed to have come from somewhere ahead. He took a deep breath and ran through the enchanted mist.\par
The world turned upside down. Harry was hanging from the ground, with his hair on end, his glasses dangling off his nose, threatening to fall into the bottomless sky. He clutched them to the end of his nose and hung there, terrified. It felt as though his feet were glued to the grass, which had now become the ceiling. Below him the dark, star-spangled heavens stretched endlessly. He felt as though if he tried to move one of his feet, he would fall away from the earth completely.\par
\i Think,\i0  he told himself, as all the blood rushed to his head, \i think\i0  \'85\par
But not one of the spells he had practiced had been designed to combat a sudden reversal of ground and sky. Did he dare move his foot? He could hear the blood pounding in his ears. He had two choices \emdash  try and move, or send up red sparks, and get rescued and disqualified from the task.\par
He shut his eyes, so he wouldn\rquote t be able to see the view of end\-less space below him, and pulled his right foot as hard as he could away from the grassy ceiling.\par
Immediately, the world righted itself. Harry fell forward onto his knees onto the wonderfully solid ground. He felt temporarily limp with shock. He took a deep, steadying breath, then got up again and hurried forward, looking back over his shoulder as he ran away from the golden mist, which twinkled innocently at him in the moonlight.\par
He paused at a junction of two paths and looked around for some sign of Fleur. He was sure it had been she who had screamed. What had she met? Was she all right? There was no sign of red sparks \emdash  did that mean she had got herself out of trouble, or was she in such trouble that she couldn\rquote t reach her wand? Harry took the right fork with a feeling of increasing unease \'85 but at the same time, he couldn\rquote t help thinking, \i One champion down\i0  \'85\par
The cup was somewhere close by, and it sounded as though Fleur was no longer in the running. He\rquote d got this far, hadn\rquote t he? What if he actually managed to win? Fleetingly, and for the first time since he\rquote d found himself champion, he saw again that image of himself, raising the Triwizard Cup in front of the rest of the school. \'85\par
He met nothing for ten minutes, but kept running into dead ends. Twice he took the same wrong turning. Finally, he found a new route and started to jog along it, his wandlight waving, mak\-ing his shadow flicker and distort on the hedge walls. Then he rounded another corner and found himself facing a Blast-Ended Skrewt.\par
Cedric was right \emdash  it \i was\i0  enormous. Ten feet long, it looked more like a giant scorpion than anything. Its long sting was curled over its back. Its thick armor glinted in the light from Harry\rquote s wand, which he pointed at it.\par
\ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The spell hit the skrewt\rquote s armor and rebounded; Harry ducked just in time, but could smell burning hair; it had singed the top of his head. The skrewt issued a blast of fire from its end and flew for\-ward toward him.\par
\ldblquote\i Impedimenta\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled. The spell hit the skrewt\rquote s armor again and ricocheted off; Harry staggered back a few paces and fell over. \ldblquote\i IMPEDIMENTA\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The skrewt was inches from him when it froze \emdash  he had man\-aged to hit it on its fleshy, shell-less underside. Panting, Harry pushed himself away from it and ran, hard, in the opposite direc\-tion \emdash  the Impediment Curse was not permanent; the skrewt would be regaining the use of its legs at any moment.\par
He took a left path and hit a dead end, a right, and hit another; forcing himself to stop, heart hammering, he performed the Four-Point Spell again, backtracked, and chose a path that would take him northwest.\par
He had been hurrying along the new path for a few minutes, when he heard something in the path running parallel to his own that made him stop dead.\par
\ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote  yelled Cedric\rquote s voice. \ldblquote What the hell d\rquote you think you\rquote re doing?\rdblquote\par
And then Harry heard Krum\rquote s voice.\par
\ldblquote\i Crucio\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The air was suddenly full of Cedric\rquote s yells. Horrified, Harry be\-gan sprinting up his path, trying to find a way into Cedric\rquote s. When none appeared, he tried the Reductor Curse again. It wasn\rquote t very ef\-fective, but it burned a small hole in the hedge through which Harry forced his leg, kicking at the thick brambles and branches until they broke and made an opening; he struggled through it, tearing his robes, and looking to his right, saw Cedric jerking and twitching on the ground, Krum standing over him.\par
Harry pulled himself up and pointed his wand at Krum just as Krum looked up. Krum turned and began to run.\par
\ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\par
The spell hit Krum in the back; he stopped dead in his tracks, fell forward, and lay motionless, facedown in the grass. Harry dashed over to Cedric, who had stopped twitching and was lying there panting, his hands over his face.\par
\ldblquote Are you all right?\rdblquote  Harry said roughly, grabbing Cedric\rquote s arm.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  panted Cedric. \ldblquote Yeah \'85 I don\rquote t believe it \'85 he crept up behind me. \'85 I heard him, I turned around, and he had his wand on me. \'85\rdblquote\par
Cedric got up. He was still shaking. He and Harry looked down at Krum.\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t believe this \'85 I thought he was all right,\rdblquote  Harry said, staring at Krum.\par
\ldblquote So did I,\rdblquote  said Cedric.\par
\ldblquote Did you hear Fleur scream earlier?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Cedric. \ldblquote You don\rquote t think Krum got her too?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly.\par
\ldblquote Should we leave him here?\rdblquote  Cedric muttered.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I reckon we should send up red sparks. Someone\rquote ll come and collect him \'85 otherwise he\rquote ll probably be eaten by a skrewt.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote d deserve it,\rdblquote  Cedric muttered, but all the same, he raised his wand and shot a shower of red sparks into the air, which hov\-ered high above Krum, marking the spot where he lay.\par
Harry and Cedric stood there in the darkness for a moment, looking around them. Then Cedric said, \ldblquote Well \'85 I s\rquote pose we\rquote d better go on . \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Oh \'85 yeah \'85 right \'85\rdblquote\par
It was an odd moment. He and Cedric had been briefly united against Krum \emdash  now the fact that they were opponents came back to Harry. The two of them proceeded up the dark path without speaking, then Harry turned left, and Cedric right. Cedric\rquote s foot\-steps soon died away.\par
Harry moved on, continuing to use the Four-Point Spell, mak\-ing sure he was moving in the right direction. It was between him and Cedric now. His desire to reach the cup first was now burning stronger than ever, but he could hardly believe what he\rquote d just seen Krum do. The use of an Unforgivable Curse on a fellow human be\-ing meant a life term in Azkaban, that was what Moody had told them. Krum surely couldn\rquote t have wanted the Triwizard Cup that badly. \'85 Harry sped up.\par
Every so often he hit more dead ends, but the increasing dark\-ness made him feel sure he was getting near the heart of the maze. Then, as he strode down a long, straight path, he saw movement once again, and his beam of wandlight hit an extraordinary crea\-ture, one which he had only seen in picture form, in his \i Monster Book of Monsters.\i0\par
It was a sphinx. It had the body of an over-large lion: great clawed paws and a long yellowish tail ending in a brown tuft. Its head, how\-ever, was that of a woman. She turned her long, almond-shaped eyes upon Harry as he approached. He raised his wand, hesitating. She was not crouching as if to spring, but pacing from side to side of the path, blocking his progress. Then she spoke, in a deep, hoarse voice.\par
\ldblquote You are very near your goal. The quickest way is past me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So \'85 so will you move, please?\rdblquote  said Harry, knowing what the answer was going to be.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  she said, continuing to pace. \ldblquote Not unless you can answer my riddle. Answer on your first guess \emdash  I let you pass. Answer wrongly \emdash  I attack. Remain silent \emdash  I will let you walk away from me unscathed.\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s stomach slipped several notches. It was Hermione who was good at this sort of thing, not him. He weighed his chances. If the riddle was too hard, he could keep silent, get away from the sphinx unharmed, and try and find an alternative route to the center.\par
\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Can I hear the riddle?\rdblquote\par
The sphinx sat down upon her hind legs, in the very middle of the path, and recited:\par
\par
\ldblquote\i First think of the person who lives in disguise,\par
Who deals in secrets and tells naught but lies.\par
Next, tell me what\rquote s always the last thing to mend,\par
The middle of middle and end of the end\i0 ?\par
\i And finally give me the sound often heard\par
During the search for a hard-to-find word.\par
Now string them together, and answer me this,\par
Which creature would you be unwilling to kiss\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\par
Harry gaped at her.\par
\ldblquote Could I have it again \'85 more slowly?\rdblquote  he asked tentatively.\par
She blinked at him, smiled, and repeated the poem.\par
\ldblquote All the clues add up to a creature I wouldn\rquote t want to kiss?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\par
She merely smiled her mysterious smile. Harry took that for a \ldblquote yes.\rdblquote  Harry cast his mind around. There were plenty of animals he wouldn\rquote t want to kiss; his immediate thought was a Blast-Ended Skrewt, but something told him that wasn\rquote t the answer. He\rquote d have to try and work out the clues. \'85\par
\ldblquote A person in disguise,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, staring at her, \ldblquote who lies \'85 er \'85 that\rquote d be a \emdash  an imposter. No, that\rquote s not my guess! A \emdash  a spy? I\rquote ll come back to that \'85 could you give me the next clue again, please?\rdblquote\par
She repeated the next lines of the poem.\par
\ldblquote  \lquote The last thing to mend,\rquote  \rdblquote  Harry repeated. \ldblquote Er \'85 no idea \'85 \lquote middle of middle\rquote  \'85 could I have the last bit again?\rdblquote\par
She gave him the last four lines.\par
\ldblquote  \lquote The sound often heard during the search for a hard-to-find word,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Er \'85 that\rquote d be \'85 er \'85 hang on \emdash  \lquote er\rquote ! Er\rquote s a sound!\rdblquote\par
The sphinx smiled at him.\par
\ldblquote Spy \'85 er \'85 spy \'85 er \'85\rdblquote  said Harry, pacing up and down. \ldblquote A creature I wouldn\rquote t want to kiss \'85 \i a spider\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The sphinx smiled more broadly. She got up, stretched her front legs, and then moved aside for him to pass.\par
\ldblquote Thanks!\rdblquote  said Harry, and, amazed at his own brilliance, he dashed forward.\par
He had to be close now, he had to be. \'85 His wand was telling him he was bang on course; as long as he didn\rquote t meet anything too horrible, he might have a chance. \'85\par
Harry broke into a run. He had a choice of paths up ahead. \ldblquote\i Point Me\i0 !\rdblquote  he whispered again to his wand, and it spun around and pointed him to the right-hand one. He dashed up this one and saw light ahead.\par
The Triwizard Cup was gleaming on a plinth a hundred yards away. Suddenly a dark figure hurtled out onto the path in front of him.\par
Cedric was going to get there first. Cedric was sprinting as fast as he could toward the cup, and Harry knew he would never catch up, Cedric was much taller, had much longer legs \emdash\par
Then Harry saw something immense over a hedge to his left, moving quickly along a path that intersected with his own; it was moving so fast Cedric was about to run into it, and Cedric, his eyes on the cup, had not seen it \emdash\par
\ldblquote Cedric!\rdblquote  Harry bellowed. \ldblquote On your left!\rdblquote\par
Cedric looked around just in time to hurl himself past the thing and avoid colliding with it, but in his haste, he tripped. Harry saw Cedric\rquote s wand fly out of his hand as a gigantic spider stepped into the path and began to bear down upon Cedric.\par
\ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled; the spell hit the spider\rquote s gigantic, hairy black body, but for all the good it did, he might as well have thrown a stone at it; the spider jerked, scuttled around, and ran at Harry instead.\par
\ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 ! \i Impedimenta\i0 ! \i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote\par
But it was no use \emdash  the spider was either so large, or so magical, that the spells were doing no more than aggravating it. Harry had one horrifying glimpse of eight shining black eyes and razor-sharp pincers before it was upon him.\par
He was lifted into the air in its front legs; struggling madly, he tried to kick it; his leg connected with the pincers and next moment he was in excruciating pain. He could hear Cedric yelling \ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote  too, but his spell had no more effect than Harry\rquote s \emdash  Harry raised his wand as the spider opened its pincers once more and shouted \ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote\par
It worked \emdash  the Disarming Spell made the spider drop him, but that meant that Harry fell twelve feet onto his already injured leg, which crumpled beneath him. Without pausing to think, he aimed high at the spider\rquote s underbelly, as he had done with the skrewt, and shouted \ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote  just as Cedric yelled the same thing.\par
The two spells combined did what one alone had not: The spi\-der keeled over sideways, flattening a nearby hedge, and strewing the path with a tangle of hairy legs.\par
\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  he heard Cedric shouting. \ldblquote You all right? Did it fall on you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Harry called back, panting. He looked down at his leg. It was bleeding freely. He could see some sort of thick, gluey secre\-tion from the spider\rquote s pincers on his torn robes. He tried to get up, but his leg was shaking badly and did not want to support his weight. He leaned against the hedge, gasping for breath, and looked around.\par
Cedric was standing feet from the Triwizard Cup, which was gleaming behind him.\par
\ldblquote Take it, then,\rdblquote  Harry panted to Cedric. \ldblquote Go on, take it. You\rquote re there.\rdblquote\par
But Cedric didn\rquote t move. He merely stood there, looking at Harry. Then he turned to stare at the cup. Harry saw the longing expression on his face in its golden light. Cedric looked around at Harry again, who was now holding onto the hedge to support him\-self. Cedric took a deep breath.\par
\ldblquote You take it. You should win. That\rquote s twice you\rquote ve saved my neck in here.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s not how it\rquote s supposed to work,\rdblquote  Harry said. He felt an\-gry; his leg was very painful, he was aching all over from trying to throw off the spider, and after all his efforts, Cedric had beaten him to it, just as he\rquote d beaten Harry to ask Cho to the ball. \ldblquote The one who reaches the cup first gets the points. That\rquote s you. I\rquote m telling you, I\rquote m not going to win any races on this leg.\rdblquote\par
Cedric took a few paces nearer to the Stunned spider, away from the cup, shaking his head.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he said.\par
\ldblquote Stop being noble,\rdblquote  said Harry irritably. \ldblquote Just take it, then we can get out of here.\rdblquote\par
Cedric watched Harry steadying himself, holding tight to the hedge.\par
\ldblquote You told me about the dragons,\rdblquote  Cedric said. \ldblquote I would\rquote ve gone down in the first task if you hadn\rquote t told me what was coming.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I had help on that too,\rdblquote  Harry snapped, trying to mop up his bloody leg with his robes. \ldblquote You helped me with the egg \emdash  we\rquote re square.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I had help on the egg in the first place,\rdblquote  said Cedric.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re still square,\rdblquote  said Harry, testing his leg gingerly; it shook violently as he put weight on it; he had sprained his ankle when the spider had dropped him.\par
\ldblquote You should\rquote ve got more points on the second task,\rdblquote  said Cedric mulishly. \ldblquote You stayed behind to get all the hostages. I should\rquote ve done that.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I was the only one who was thick enough to take that song se\-riously!\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly. \ldblquote Just take the cup!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Cedric.\par
He stepped over the spider\rquote s tangled legs to join Harry, who stared at him. Cedric was serious. He was walking away from the sort of glory Hufflepuff House hadn\rquote t had in centuries.\par
\ldblquote Go on,\rdblquote  Cedric said. He looked as though this was costing him every ounce of resolution he had, but his face was set, his arms were folded, he seemed decided.\par
Harry looked from Cedric to the cup. For one shining moment, he saw himself emerging from the maze, holding it. He saw himself holding the Triwizard Cup aloft, heard the roar of the crowd, saw Cho\rquote s face shining with admiration, more clearly than he had ever seen it before \'85 and then the picture faded, and he found himself staring at Cedric\rquote s shadowy, stubborn face.\par
\ldblquote Both of us,\rdblquote  Harry said.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll take it at the same time. It\rquote s still a Hogwarts victory. We\rquote ll tie for it.\rdblquote\par
Cedric stared at Harry. He unfolded his arms.\par
\ldblquote You \emdash  you sure?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Yeah \'85 we\rquote ve helped each other out, haven\rquote t we? We both got here. Let\rquote s just take it together.\rdblquote\par
For a moment, Cedric looked as though he couldn\rquote t believe his ears; then his face split in a grin.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re on,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Come here.\rdblquote\par
He grabbed Harry\rquote s arm below the shoulder and helped Harry limp toward the plinth where the cup stood. When they had reached it, they both held a hand out over one of the cup\rquote s gleam\-ing handles.\par
\ldblquote On three, right?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote One \emdash  two \emdash  three \emdash\rdblquote\par
He and Cedric both grasped a handle.\par
Instantly, Harry felt a jerk somewhere behind his navel. His feet had left the ground. He could not unclench the hand holding the Triwizard Cup; it was pulling him onward in a howl of wind and swirling color, Cedric at his side.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 32\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Flesh, Blood, and Bone\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Harry felt his feet slam into the ground; his injured leg gave way, and he fell forward; his hand let go of the Triwizard Cup at last. He raised his head.\par
\ldblquote Where are we?\rdblquote  he said.\par
Cedric shook his head. He got up, pulled Harry to his feet, and they looked around.\par
They had left the Hogwarts grounds completely; they had obvi\-ously traveled miles \emdash  perhaps hundreds of miles \emdash  for even the mountains surrounding the castle were gone. They were standing instead in a dark and overgrown graveyard; the black outline of a small church was visible beyond a large yew tree to their right. A hill rose above them to their left. Harry could just make out the outline of a fine old house on the hillside.\par
Cedric looked down at the Triwizard Cup and then up at Harry.\par
\ldblquote Did anyone tell \i you\i0  the cup was a Portkey?\rdblquote  he asked.\par
\ldblquote Nope,\rdblquote  said Harry. He was looking around the graveyard. It was completely silent and slightly eerie. \ldblquote Is this supposed to be part of the task?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I dunno,\rdblquote  said Cedric. He sounded slightly nervous. \ldblquote Wands out, d\rquote you reckon?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, glad that Cedric had made the suggestion rather than him.\par
They pulled out their wands. Harry kept looking around him. He had, yet again, the strange feeling that they were being watched.\par
\ldblquote Someone\rquote s coming,\rdblquote  he said suddenly.\par
Squinting tensely through the darkness, they watched the figure drawing nearer, walking steadily toward them between the graves. Harry couldn\rquote t make out a face, but from the way it was walking and holding its arms, he could tell that it was carrying something. Whoever it was, he was short, and wearing a hooded cloak pulled up over his head to obscure his face. And \emdash  several paces nearer, the gap between them closing all the time \emdash  Harry saw that the thing in the person\rquote s arms looked like a baby \'85 or was it merely a bundle of robes?\par
Harry lowered his wand slightly and glanced sideways at Cedric. Cedric shot him a quizzical look. They both turned back to watch the approaching figure.\par
It stopped beside a towering marble headstone, only six feet from them. For a second, Harry and Cedric and the short figure simply looked at one another.\par
And then, without warning, Harry\rquote s scar exploded with pain. It was agony such as he had never felt in all his life; his wand slipped from his fingers as he put his hands over his face; his knees buck\-led; he was on the ground and he could see nothing at all; his head was about to split open.\par
From far away, above his head, he heard a high, cold voice say, \ldblquote\i Kill the spare.\i0\rdblquote\par
A swishing noise and a second voice, which screeched the words to the night: \ldblquote\i Avada Kedavra\i0 !\rdblquote\par
A blast of green light blazed through Harry\rquote s eyelids, and he heard something heavy fall to the ground beside him; the pain in his scar reached such a pitch that he retched, and then it dimin\-ished; terrified of what he was about to see, he opened his stinging eyes.\par
Cedric was lying spread-eagled on the ground beside him. He was dead.\par
For a second that contained an eternity, Harry stared into Cedric\rquote s face, at his open gray eyes, blank and expressionless as the windows of a deserted house, at his half-open mouth, which looked slightly surprised. And then, before Harry\rquote s mind had ac\-cepted what he was seeing, before he could feel anything but numb disbelief, he felt himself being pulled to his feet.\par
The short man in the cloak had put down his bundle, lit his wand, and was dragging Harry toward the marble headstone. Harry saw the name upon it flickering in the wandlight before he was forced around and slammed against it.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc TOM RIDDLE\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
The cloaked man was now conjuring tight cords around Harry, tying him from neck to ankles to the headstone. Harry could hear shallow, fast breathing from the depths of the hood; he struggled, and the man hit him \emdash  hit him with a hand that had a finger miss\-ing. And Harry realized who was under the hood. It was Wormtail.\par
\ldblquote You!\rdblquote  he gasped.\par
But Wormtail, who had finished conjuring the ropes, did not re\-ply; he was busy checking the tightness of the cords, his fingers trembling uncontrollably, fumbling over the knots. Once sure that Harry was bound so tightly to the headstone that he couldn\rquote t move an inch, Wormtail drew a length of some black material from the inside of his cloak and stuffed it roughly into Harry\rquote s mouth; then, without a word, he turned from Harry and hurried away. Harry couldn\rquote t make a sound, nor could he see where Wormtail had gone; he couldn\rquote t turn his head to see beyond the headstone; he could see only what was right in front of him.\par
Cedric\rquote s body was lying some twenty feet away. Some way be\-yond him, glinting in the starlight, lay the Triwizard Cup. Harry\rquote s wand was on the ground at Cedric\rquote s feet. The bundle of robes that Harry had thought was a baby was close by, at the foot of the grave. It seemed to be stirring fretfully. Harry watched it, and his scar seared with pain again \'85 and he suddenly knew that he didn\rquote t want to see what was in those robes \'85 he didn\rquote t want that bundle opened. \'85\par
He could hear noises at his feet. He looked down and saw a gigantic snake slithering through the grass, circling the headstone where he was tied. Wormtail\rquote s fast, wheezy breathing was growing louder again. It sounded as though he was forcing something heavy across the ground. Then he came back within Harry\rquote s range of vision, and Harry saw him pushing a stone cauldron to the foot of the grave. It was full of what seemed to be water \emdash  Harry could hear it slopping around \emdash  and it was larger than any cauldron Harry had ever used; a great stone belly large enough for a full-grown man to sit in.\par
The thing inside the bundle of robes on the ground was stirring more persistently, as though it was trying to free itself. Now Worm\-tail was busying himself at the bottom of the cauldron with a wand. Suddenly there were crackling flames beneath it. The large snake slithered away into the darkness.\par
The liquid in the cauldron seemed to heat very fast. The surface began not only to bubble, but to send out fiery sparks, as though it were on fire. Steam was thickening, blurring the outline of Worm\-tail tending the fire. The movements beneath the robes became more agitated. And Harry heard the high, cold voice again.\par
\ldblquote\i Hurry\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The whole surface of the water was alight with sparks now. It might have been encrusted with diamonds.\par
\ldblquote It is ready, Master.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Now\i0  \'85\rdblquote  said the cold voice.\par
Wormtail pulled open the robes on the ground, revealing what was inside them, and Harry let out a yell that was strangled in the wad of material blocking his mouth.\par
It was as though Wormtail had flipped over a stone and revealed something ugly, slimy, and blind \emdash  but worse, a hundred times worse. The thing Wormtail had been carrying had the shape of a crouched human child, except that Harry had never seen anything less like a child. It was hairless and scaly-looking, a dark, raw, red\-dish black. Its arms and legs were thin and feeble, and its face \emdash  no child alive ever had a face like that \emdash  flat and snakelike, with gleaming red eyes.\par
The thing seemed almost helpless; it raised its thin arms, put them around Wormtail\rquote s neck, and Wormtail lifted it. As he did so, his hood fell back, and Harry saw the look of revulsion on Worm\-tail\rquote s weak, pale face in the firelight as he carried the creature to the rim of the cauldron. For one moment, Harry saw the evil, flat face illuminated in the sparks dancing on the surface of the potion. And then Wormtail lowered the creature into the cauldron; there was a hiss, and it vanished below the surface; Harry heard its frail body hit the bottom with a soft thud.\par
\i Let it drown,\i0  Harry thought, his scar burning almost past en\-durance, \i please\i0  \'85 \i let it drown\i0 . \'85\par
Wormtail was speaking. His voice shook; he seemed frightened beyond his wits. He raised his wand, closed his eyes, and spoke to the night.\par
\ldblquote\i Bone of the father, unknowingly given, you will renew your son\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The surface of the grave at Harry\rquote s feet cracked. Horrified, Harry watched as a fine trickle of dust rose into the air at Wormtail\rquote s com\-mand and fell softly into the cauldron. The diamond surface of the water broke and hissed; it sent sparks in all directions and turned a vivid, poisonous-looking blue.\par
And now Wormtail was whimpering. He pulled a long, thin, shining silver dagger from inside his cloak. His voice broke into petrified sobs.\par
\ldblquote\i Flesh\i0  \emdash  \i of the servant\i0  \emdash  \i w-willingly given\i0  \emdash  \i you will\i0  \emdash  \i revive\i0  \emdash  \i your master.\i0\rdblquote\par
He stretched his right hand out in front of him \emdash  the hand with the missing finger. He gripped the dagger very tightly in his left hand and swung it upward.\par
Harry realized what Wormtail was about to do a second before it happened \emdash  he closed his eyes as tightly as he could, but he could not block the scream that pierced the night, that went through Harry as though he had been stabbed with the dagger too. He heard something fall to the ground, heard Wormtail\rquote s anguished panting, then a sickening splash, as something was dropped into the cauldron. Harry couldn\rquote t stand to look \'85 but the potion had turned a burning red; the light of it shone through Harry\rquote s closed eyelids. \'85\par
Wormtail was gasping and moaning with agony. Not until Harry felt Wormtail\rquote s anguished breath on his face did he realize that Wormtail was right in front of him.\par
\ldblquote\i B-blood of the enemy\i0  \'85 \i forcibly taken\i0  \'85 \i you will\i0  \'85 \i resurrect your foe.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry could do nothing to prevent it, he was tied too tightly. \'85 Squinting down, struggling hopelessly at the ropes binding him, he saw the shining silver dagger shaking in Wormtail\rquote s remaining hand. He felt its point penetrate the crook of his right arm and blood seeping down the sleeve of his torn robes. Wormtail, still panting with pain, fumbled in his pocket for a glass vial and held it to Harry\rquote s cut, so that a dribble of blood fell into it.\par
He staggered back to the cauldron with Harry\rquote s blood. He poured it inside. The liquid within turned, instantly, a blinding white. Wormtail, his job done, dropped to his knees beside the cauldron, then slumped sideways and lay on the ground, cradling the bleeding stump of his arm, gasping and sobbing.\par
The cauldron was simmering, sending its diamond sparks in all directions, so blindingly bright that it turned all else to velvety blackness. Nothing happened. \'85\par
\i Let it have drowned,\i0  Harry thought, \i let it have gone wrong. \'85\i0\par
And then, suddenly, the sparks emanating from the cauldron were extinguished. A surge of white steam billowed thickly from the cauldron instead, obliterating everything in front of Harry, so that he couldn\rquote t see Wormtail or Cedric or anything but vapor hang\-ing in the air. \'85 \i It\rquote s gone wrong, he thought\i0  \'85 \i it\rquote s drowned\i0  \'85 \i please\i0  \'85 \i please let it be dead. \'85\i0\par
But then, through the mist in front of him, he saw, with an icy surge of terror, the dark outline of a man, tall and skeletally thin, rising slowly from inside the cauldron.\par
\ldblquote Robe me,\rdblquote  said the high, cold voice from behind the steam, and Wormtail, sobbing and moaning, still cradling his mutilated arm, scrambled to pick up the black robes from the ground, got to his feet, reached up, and pulled them one-handed over his master\rquote s head.\par
The thin man stepped out of the cauldron, staring at Harry \'85 and Harry stared back into the face that had haunted his night\-mares for three years. Whiter than a skull, with wide, livid scarlet eyes and a nose that was flat as a snake\rquote s with slits for nostrils \'85\par
Lord Voldemort had risen again.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 33\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Death Eaters\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Voldemort looked away from Harry and began examining his own body. His hands were like large, pale spiders; his long white fingers caressed his own chest, his arms, his face; the red eyes, whose pupils were slits, like a cat\rquote s, gleamed still more brightly through the darkness. He held up his hands and flexed the fingers, his expression rapt and exultant. He took not the slightest notice of Wormtail, who lay twitching and bleeding on the ground, nor of the great snake, which had slithered back into sight and was cir\-cling Harry again, hissing. Voldemort slipped one of those unnat\-urally long-fingered hands into a deep pocket and drew out a wand. He caressed it gently too; and then he raised it, and pointed it at Wormtail, who was lifted off the ground and thrown against the headstone where Harry was tied; he fell to the foot of it and lay there, crumpled up and crying. Voldemort turned his scarlet eyes upon Harry, laughing a high, cold, mirthless laugh.\par
Wormtail\rquote s robes were shining with blood now; he had wrapped the stump of his arm in them.\par
\ldblquote My Lord \'85\rdblquote  he choked, \ldblquote my Lord \'85 you promised \'85 you did promise \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hold out your arm,\rdblquote  said Voldemort lazily.\par
\ldblquote Oh Master \'85 thank you, Master \'85\rdblquote\par
He extended the bleeding stump, but Voldemort laughed again.\par
\ldblquote The other arm, Wormtail.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Master, please \'85 \i please\i0  \'85\rdblquote\par
Voldemort bent down and pulled out Wormtail\rquote s left arm; he forced the sleeve of Wormtail\rquote s robes up past his elbow, and Harry saw something upon the skin there, something like a vivid red tat\-too \emdash  a skull with a snake protruding from its mouth \emdash  the im\-age that had appeared in the sky at the Quidditch World Cup: the Dark Mark. Voldemort examined it carefully, ignoring Wormtail\rquote s uncontrollable weeping.\par
\ldblquote It is back,\rdblquote  he said softly, \ldblquote they will all have noticed it \'85 and now, we shall see \'85 now we shall know \'85\rdblquote\par
He pressed his long white forefinger to the brand on Wormtail\rquote s arm.\par
The scar on Harry\rquote s forehead seared with a sharp pain again, and Wormtail let out a fresh howl; Voldemort removed his fingers from Wormtail\rquote s mark, and Harry saw that it had turned jet black.\par
A look of cruel satisfaction on his face, Voldemort straightened up, threw back his head, and stared around at the dark graveyard.\par
\ldblquote How many will be brave enough to return when they feel it?\rdblquote  he whispered, his gleaming red eyes fixed upon the stars. \ldblquote And how many will be foolish enough to stay away?\rdblquote\par
He began to pace up and down before Harry and Wormtail, eyes sweeping the graveyard all the while. After a minute or so, he looked down at Harry again, a cruel smile twisting his snakelike face.\par
\ldblquote You stand, Harry Potter, upon the remains of my late father,\rdblquote  he hissed softly. \ldblquote A Muggle and a fool \'85 very like your dear mother. But they both had their uses, did they not? Your mother died to defend you as a child \'85 and I killed my father, and see how useful he has proved himself, in death. \'85\rdblquote\par
Voldemort laughed again. Up and down he paced, looking all around him as he walked, and the snake continued to circle in the grass.\par
\ldblquote You see that house upon the hillside, Potter? My father lived there. My mother, a witch who lived here in this village, fell in love with him. But he abandoned her when she told him what she was. \'85 He didn\rquote t like magic, my father \'85\par
\ldblquote He left her and returned to his Muggle parents before I was even born, Potter, and she died giving birth to me, leaving me to be raised in a Muggle orphanage \'85 but I vowed to find him \'85 I re\-venged myself upon him, that fool who gave me his name \'85 \i Tom Riddle\i0 . \'85\rdblquote\par
Still he paced, his red eyes darting from grave to grave.\par
\ldblquote Listen to me, reliving family history \'85\rdblquote  he said quietly, \ldblquote why, I am growing quite sentimental. \'85 But look, Harry! My \i true\i0  fam\-ily returns. \'85\rdblquote\par
The air was suddenly full of the swishing of cloaks. Between graves, behind the yew tree, in every shadowy space, wizards were Apparating. All of them were hooded and masked. And one by one they moved forward \'85 slowly, cautiously, as though they could hardly believe their eyes. Voldemort stood in silence, waiting for them. Then one of the Death Eaters fell to his knees, crawled to\-ward Voldemort, and kissed the hem of his black robes.\par
\ldblquote Master \'85 Master \'85\rdblquote  he murmured.\par
The Death Eaters behind him did the same; each of them ap\-proaching Voldemort on his knees and kissing his robes, before backing away and standing up, forming a silent circle, which en\-closed Tom Riddle\rquote s grave, Harry, Voldemort, and the sobbing and twitching heap that was Wormtail. Yet they left gaps in the circle, as though waiting for more people. Voldemort, however, did not seem to expect more. He looked around at the hooded faces, and though there was no wind, a rustling seemed to run around the cir\-cle, as though it had shivered.\par
\ldblquote Welcome, Death Eaters,\rdblquote  said Voldemort quietly. \ldblquote Thirteen years \'85 thirteen years since last we met. Yet you answer my call as though it were yesterday. \'85 We are still united under the Dark Mark, then! \i Or are we\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
He put back his terrible face and sniffed, his slit-like nostrils widening.\par
\ldblquote I smell guilt,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote There is a stench of guilt upon the air.\rdblquote\par
A second shiver ran around the circle, as though each member of it longed, but did not dare, to step back from him.\par
\ldblquote I see you all, whole and healthy, with your powers intact \emdash  such prompt appearances! \emdash  and I ask myself \'85 why did this band of wizards never come to the aid of their master, to whom they swore eternal loyalty?\rdblquote\par
No one spoke. No one moved except Wormtail, who was upon the ground, still sobbing over his bleeding arm.\par
\ldblquote And I answer myself,\rdblquote  whispered Voldemort, \ldblquote they must have believed me broken, they thought I was gone. They slipped back among my enemies, and they pleaded innocence, and ignorance, and bewitchment. \'85\par
\ldblquote And then I ask myself, but how could they have believed I would not rise again? They, who knew the steps I took, long ago, to guard myself against mortal death? They, who had seen proofs of the immensity of my power in the times when I was mightier than any wizard living?\par
\ldblquote And I answer myself, perhaps they believed a still greater power could exist, one that could vanquish even Lord Voldemort \'85 per\-haps they now pay allegiance to another \'85 perhaps that champion of commoners, of Mudbloods and Muggles, Albus Dumbledore?\rdblquote\par
At the mention of Dumbledore\rquote s name, the members of the cir\-cle stirred, and some muttered and shook their heads. Voldemort ignored them.\par
\ldblquote It is a disappointment to me \'85 I confess myself disap\-pointed. \'85\rdblquote\par
One of the men suddenly flung himself forward, breaking the circle. Trembling from head to foot, he collapsed at Voldemort\rquote s feet.\par
\ldblquote Master!\rdblquote  he shrieked, \ldblquote Master, forgive me! Forgive us all!\rdblquote\par
Voldemort began to laugh. He raised his wand.\par
\ldblquote\i Crucio\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The Death Eater on the ground writhed and shrieked; Harry was sure the sound must carry to the houses around. \'85 \i Let the police come,\i0  he thought desperately \'85 \i anyone\i0  \'85 \i anything\i0  \'85\par
Voldemort raised his wand. The tortured Death Eater lay flat upon the ground, gasping.\par
\ldblquote Get up, Avery,\rdblquote  said Voldemort softly. \ldblquote Stand up. You ask for forgiveness? I do not forgive. I do not forget. Thirteen long years \'85 I want thirteen years\rquote  repayment before I forgive you. Wormtail here has paid some of his debt already, have you not, Wormtail?\rdblquote\par
He looked down at Wormtail, who continued to sob.\par
\ldblquote You returned to me, not out of loyalty, but out of fear of your old friends. You deserve this pain, Wormtail. You know that, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, Master,\rdblquote  moaned Wormtail, \ldblquote please, Master \'85 please \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yet you helped return me to my body,\rdblquote  said Voldemort coolly, watching Wormtail sob on the ground. \ldblquote Worthless and traitorous as you are, you helped me \'85 and Lord Voldemort rewards his helpers. \'85\rdblquote\par
Voldemort raised his wand again and whirled it through the air. A streak of what looked like molten silver hung shining in the wand\rquote s wake. Momentarily shapeless, it writhed and then formed itself into a gleaming replica of a human hand, bright as moon\-light, which soared downward and fixed itself upon Wormtail\rquote s bleeding wrist.\par
Wormtail\rquote s sobbing stopped abruptly. His breathing harsh and ragged, he raised his head and stared in disbelief at the silver hand, now attached seamlessly to his arm, as though he were wearing a dazzling glove. He flexed the shining fingers, then, trembling, picked up a small twig on the ground and crushed it into powder.\par
\ldblquote My Lord,\rdblquote  he whispered. \ldblquote Master \'85 it is beautiful \'85 thank you \'85 \i thank you. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
He scrambled forward on his knees and kissed the hem of Volde\-mort\rquote s robes.\par
\ldblquote May your loyalty never waver again, Wormtail,\rdblquote  said Voldemort.\par
\ldblquote No, my Lord \'85 never, my Lord \'85\rdblquote\par
Wormtail stood up and took his place in the circle, staring at his powerful new hand, his face still shining with tears. Voldemort now approached the man on Wormtail\rquote s right.\par
\ldblquote Lucius, my slippery friend,\rdblquote  he whispered, halting before him. \ldblquote I am told that you have not renounced the old ways, though to the world you present a respectable face. You are still ready to take the lead in a spot of Muggle-torture, I believe? Yet you never tried to find me, Lucius. \'85 Your exploits at the Quidditch World Cup were fun, I daresay \'85 but might not your energies have been bet\-ter directed toward finding and aiding your master?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My Lord, I was constantly on the alert,\rdblquote  came Lucius Malfoy\rquote s voice swiftly from beneath the hood. \ldblquote Had there been any sign from you, any whisper of your whereabouts, I would have been at your side immediately, nothing could have prevented me \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And yet you ran from my Mark, when a faithful Death Eater sent it into the sky last summer?\rdblquote  said Voldemort lazily, and Mr. Malfoy stopped talking abruptly. \ldblquote Yes, I know all about that, Lu\-cius. \'85 You have disappointed me. \'85 I expect more faithful ser\-vice in the future.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course, my Lord, of course. \'85 You are merciful, thank you. \'85\rdblquote\par
Voldemort moved on, and stopped, staring at the space \emdash  large enough for two people \emdash  that separated Malfoy and the next man.\par
\ldblquote The Lestranges should stand here,\rdblquote  said Voldemort quietly. \ldblquote But they are entombed in Azkaban. They were faithful. They went to Azkaban rather than renounce me. \'85 When Azkaban is broken open, the Lestranges will be honored beyond their dreams. The dementors will join us \'85 they are our natural allies \'85 we will recall the banished giants \'85 I shall have all my devoted ser\-vants returned to me, and an army of creatures whom all fear. \'85\rdblquote\par
He walked on. Some of the Death Eaters he passed in silence, but he paused before others and spoke to them.\par
\ldblquote Macnair \'85 destroying dangerous beasts for the Ministry of Magic now, Wormtail tells me? You shall have better victims than that soon, Macnair. Lord Voldemort will provide. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you, Master \'85 thank you,\rdblquote  murmured Macnair.\par
\ldblquote And here\rdblquote  \emdash  Voldemort moved on to the two largest hooded figures \emdash  \ldblquote we have Crabbe \'85 you will do better this time, will you not, Crabbe? And you, Goyle?\rdblquote\par
They bowed clumsily, muttering dully.\par
\ldblquote Yes, Master \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We will, Master. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The same goes for you, Nott,\rdblquote  said Voldemort quietly as he walked past a stooped figure in Mr. Goyle\rquote s shadow.\par
\ldblquote My Lord, I prostrate myself before you, I am your most faithful \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That will do,\rdblquote  said Voldemort.\par
He had reached the largest gap of all, and he stood surveying it with his blank, red eyes, as though he could see people standing there.\par
\ldblquote And here we have six missing Death Eaters \'85 three dead in my service. One, too cowardly to return \'85 he will pay. One, who I believe has left me forever \'85 he will be killed, of course \'85 and one, who remains my most faithful servant, and who has already reentered my service.\rdblquote\par
The Death Eaters stirred, and Harry saw their eyes dart sideways at one another through their masks.\par
\ldblquote He is at Hogwarts, that faithful servant, and it was through his efforts that our young friend arrived here tonight. \'85\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, a grin curling his lipless mouth as the eyes of the circle flashed in Harry\rquote s direction. \ldblquote Harry Potter has kindly joined us for my rebirthing party. One might go so far as to call him my guest of honor.\rdblquote\par
There was a silence. Then the Death Eater to the right of Worm\-tail stepped forward, and Lucius Malfoy\rquote s voice spoke from under the mask.\par
\ldblquote Master, we crave to know \'85 we beg you to tell us \'85 how you have achieved this \'85 this miracle \'85 how you managed to return to us. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, what a story it is, Lucius,\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote And it begins \emdash  and ends \emdash  with my young friend here.\rdblquote\par
He walked lazily over to stand next to Harry, so that the eyes of the whole circle were upon the two of them. The snake continued to circle.\par
\ldblquote You know, of course, that they have called this boy my down\-fall?\rdblquote  Voldemort said softly, his red eyes upon Harry, whose scar began to burn so fiercely that he almost screamed in agony. \ldblquote You all know that on the night I lost my powers and my body, I tried to kill him. His mother died in the attempt to save him \emdash  and unwit\-tingly provided him with a protection I admit I had not fore\-seen. \'85 I could not touch the boy.\rdblquote\par
Voldemort raised one of his long white fingers and put it very close to Harry\rquote s cheek.\par
\ldblquote His mother left upon him the traces of her sacrifice. \'85 This is old magic, I should have remembered it, I was foolish to overlook it \'85 but no matter. I can touch him now.\rdblquote\par
Harry felt the cold tip of the long white finger touch him, and thought his head would burst with the pain. Voldemort laughed softly in his ear, then took the finger away and continued address\-ing the Death Eaters.\par
\ldblquote I miscalculated, my friends, I admit it. My curse was deflected by the woman\rquote s foolish sacrifice, and it rebounded upon myself. Aaah \'85 pain beyond pain, my friends; nothing could have pre\-pared me for it. I was ripped from my body, I was less than spirit, less than the meanest ghost \'85 but still, I was alive. What I was, even I do not know \'85 I, who have gone further than anybody along the path that leads to immortality. You know my goal \emdash  to conquer death. And now, I was tested, and it appeared that one or more of my experiments had worked \'85 for I had not been killed, though the curse should have done it. Nevertheless, I was as pow\-erless as the weakest creature alive, and without the means to help myself \'85 for I had no body, and every spell that might have helped me required the use of a wand. \'85\par
\ldblquote I remember only forcing myself, sleeplessly, endlessly, second by second, to exist. \'85 I settled in a faraway place, in a forest, and I waited. \'85 Surely, one of my faithful Death Eaters would try and find me \'85 one of them would come and perform the magic I could not, to restore me to a body \'85 but I waited in vain. \'85\rdblquote\par
The shiver ran once more around the circle of listening Death Eaters. Voldemort let the silence spiral horribly before continuing.\par
\ldblquote Only one power remained to me. I could possess the bodies of others. But I dared not go where other humans were plentiful, for I knew that the Aurors were still abroad and searching for me. I sometimes inhabited animals \emdash  snakes, of course, being my pref\-erence \emdash  but I was little better off inside them than as pure spirit, for their bodies were ill adapted to perform magic \'85 and my pos\-session of them shortened their lives; none of them lasted long. \'85\par
\ldblquote Then \'85 four years ago \'85 the means for my return seemed assured. A wizard \emdash  young, foolish, and gullible \emdash  wandered across my path in the forest I had made my home. Oh, he seemed the very chance I had been dreaming of \'85 for he was a teacher at Dumbledore\rquote s school \'85 he was easy to bend to my will \'85 he brought me back to this country, and after a while, I took posses\-sion of his body, to supervise him closely as he carried out my or\-ders. But my plan failed. I did not manage to steal the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone. I was not to be assured immortal life. I was thwarted \'85 thwarted, once again, by Harry Potter. \'85\rdblquote\par
Silence once more; nothing was stirring, not even the leaves on the yew tree. The Death Eaters were quite motionless, the glitter\-ing eyes in their masks fixed upon Voldemort, and upon Harry.\par
\ldblquote The servant died when I left his body, and I was left as weak as ever I had been,\rdblquote  Voldemort continued. \ldblquote I returned to my hiding place far away, and I will not pretend to you that I didn\rquote t then fear that I might never regain my powers. \'85 Yes, that was perhaps my darkest hour \'85 I could not hope that I would be sent another wizard to possess \'85 and I had given up hope, now, that any of my Death Eaters cared what had become of me. \'85\rdblquote\par
One or two of the masked wizards in the circle moved uncom\-fortably, but Voldemort took no notice.\par
\ldblquote And then, not even a year ago, when I had almost abandoned hope, it happened at last \'85 a servant returned to me. Wormtail here, who had faked his own death to escape justice, was driven out of hiding by those he had once counted friends, and decided to re\-turn to his master. He sought me in the country where it had long been rumored I was hiding \'85 helped, of course, by the rats he met along the way. Wormtail has a curious affinity with rats, do you not, Wormtail? His filthy little friends told him there was a place, deep in an Albanian forest, that they avoided, where small animals like themselves had met their deaths by a dark shadow that possessed them. \'85\par
\ldblquote But his journey back to me was not smooth, was it, Wormtail? For, hungry one night, on the edge of the very forest where he had hoped to find me, he foolishly stopped at an inn for some food \'85 and who should he meet there, but one Bertha Jorkins, a witch from the Ministry of Magic.\par
\ldblquote Now see the way that fate favors Lord Voldemort. This might have been the end of Wormtail, and of my last hope for regenera\-tion. But Wormtail \emdash  displaying a presence of mind I would never have expected from him \emdash  convinced Bertha Jorkins to accom\-pany him on a nighttime stroll. He overpowered her \'85 he brought her to me. And Bertha Jorkins, who might have ruined all, proved instead to be a gift beyond my wildest dreams \'85 for \emdash  with a lit\-tle persuasion \emdash  she became a veritable mine of information.\par
\ldblquote She told me that the Triwizard Tournament would be played at Hogwarts this year. She told me that she knew of a faithful Death Eater who would be only too willing to help me, if I could only contact him. She told me many things \'85 but the means I used to break the Memory Charm upon her were powerful, and when I had extracted all useful information from her, her mind and body were both damaged beyond repair. She had now served her pur\-pose. I could not possess her. I disposed of her.\rdblquote\par
Voldemort smiled his terrible smile, his red eyes blank and pitiless.\par
\ldblquote Wormtail\rquote s body, of course, was ill adapted for possession, as all assumed him dead, and would attract far too much attention if noticed. However, he was the able-bodied servant I needed, and, poor wizard though he is, Wormtail was able to follow the instruc\-tions I gave him, which would return me to a rudimentary, weak body of my own, a body I would be able to inhabit while awaiting the essential ingredients for true rebirth \'85 a spell or two of my own invention \'85 a little help from my dear Nagini,\rdblquote  Voldemort\rquote s red eyes fell upon the continually circling snake, \ldblquote a potion con\-cocted from unicorn blood, and the snake venom Nagini pro\-vided \'85 I was soon returned to an almost human form, and strong enough to travel.\par
\ldblquote There was no hope of stealing the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone anymore, for I knew that Dumbledore would have seen to it that it was de\-stroyed. But I was willing to embrace mortal life again, before chas\-ing immortality. I set my sights lower \'85 I would settle for my old body back again, and my old strength.\par
\ldblquote I knew that to achieve this \emdash  it is an old piece of Dark Magic, the potion that revived me tonight \emdash  I would need three powerful ingredients. Well, one of them was already at hand, was it not, Wormtail? Flesh given by a servant. \'85\par
\ldblquote My father\rquote s bone, naturally, meant that we would have to come here, where he was buried. But the blood of a foe \'85 Wormtail would have had me use any wizard, would you not, Wormtail? Any wizard who had hated me \'85 as so many of them still do. But I knew the one I must use, if I was to rise again, more powerful than I had been when I had fallen. I wanted Harry Potter\rquote s blood. I wanted the blood of the one who had stripped me of power thir\-teen years ago \'85 for the lingering protection his mother once gave him would then reside in my veins too. \'85\par
\ldblquote But how to get at Harry Potter? For he has been better pro\-tected than I think even he knows, protected in ways devised by Dumbledore long ago, when it fell to him to arrange the boy\rquote s fu\-ture. Dumbledore invoked an ancient magic, to ensure the boy\rquote s protection as long as he is in his relations\rquote  care. Not even I can touch him there. \'85 Then, of course, there was the Quidditch World Cup. \'85 I thought his protection might be weaker there, away from his relations and Dumbledore, but I was not yet strong enough to attempt kidnap in the midst of a horde of Ministry wiz\-ards. And then, the boy would return to Hogwarts, where he is un\-der the crooked nose of that Muggle-loving fool from morning until night. So how could I take him?\par
\ldblquote Why \'85 by using Bertha Jorkins\rquote s information, of course. Use my one faithful Death Eater, stationed at Hogwarts, to ensure that the boy\rquote s name was entered into the Goblet of Fire. Use my Death Eater to ensure that the boy won the tournament \emdash  that he touched the Triwizard Cup first \emdash  the cup which my Death Eater had turned into a Portkey, which would bring him here, beyond the reach of Dumbledore\rquote s help and protection, and into my wait\-ing arms. And here he is \'85 the boy you all believed had been my downfall. \'85\rdblquote\par
Voldemort moved slowly forward and turned to face Harry. He raised his wand.\par
\ldblquote\i Crucio\i0 !\rdblquote\par
It was pain beyond anything Harry had ever experienced; his very bones were on fire; his head was surely splitting along his scar; his eyes were rolling madly in his head; he wanted it to end \'85 to black out \'85 to die \'85\par
And then it was gone. He was hanging limply in the ropes bind\-ing him to the headstone of Voldemort\rquote s father, looking up into those bright red eyes through a kind of mist. The night was ringing with the sound of the Death Eaters\rquote  laughter.\par
\ldblquote You see, I think, how foolish it was to suppose that this boy could ever have been stronger than me,\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote But I want there to be no mistake in anybody\rquote s mind. Harry Potter es\-caped me by a lucky chance. And I am now going to prove my power by killing him, here and now, in front of you all, when there is no Dumbledore to help him, and no mother to die for him. I will give him his chance. He will be allowed to fight, and you will be left in no doubt which of us is the stronger. Just a little longer, Nagini,\rdblquote  he whispered, and the snake glided away through the grass to where the Death Eaters stood watching.\par
\ldblquote Now untie him, Wormtail, and give him back his wand.\rdblquote\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 34\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Priori Incantatem\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Wormtail approached Harry, who scrambled to find his feet, to support his own weight before the ropes were un\-tied. Wormtail raised his new silver hand, pulled out the wad of material gagging Harry, and then, with one swipe, cut through the bonds tying Harry to the gravestone.\par
There was a split second, perhaps, when Harry might have con\-sidered running for it, but his injured leg shook under him as he stood on the overgrown grave, as the Death Eaters closed ranks, forming a tighter circle around him and Voldemort, so that the gaps where the missing Death Eaters should have stood were filled. Wormtail walked out of the circle to the place where Cedric\rquote s body lay and returned with Harry\rquote s wand, which he thrust roughly into Harry\rquote s hand without looking at him. Then Wormtail resumed his place in the circle of watching Death Eaters.\par
\ldblquote You have been taught how to duel, Harry Potter?\rdblquote  said Volde\-mort softly, his red eyes glinting through the darkness.\par
At these words Harry remembered, as though from a former life, the dueling club at Hogwarts he had attended briefly two years ago. \'85 All he had learned there was the Disarming Spell, \ldblquote\i Expel\-liarmus\i0\rdblquote  \'85 and what use would it be to deprive Voldemort of his wand, even if he could, when he was surrounded by Death Eaters, outnumbered by at least thirty to one? He had never learned any\-thing that could possibly fit him for this. He knew he was facing the thing against which Moody had always warned \'85 the un-blockable \i Avada Kedavra\i0  curse \emdash  and Voldemort was right \emdash  his mother was not here to die for him this time. \'85 He was quite unprotected. \'85\par
\ldblquote We bow to each other, Harry,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, bending a little, but keeping his snakelike face upturned to Harry. \ldblquote Come, the niceties must be observed. \'85 Dumbledore would like you to show manners. \'85 Bow to death, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\par
The Death Eaters were laughing again. Voldemort\rquote s lipless mouth was smiling. Harry did not bow. He was not going to let Voldemort play with him before killing him \'85 he was not going to give him that satisfaction. \'85\par
\ldblquote I said, \i bow,\i0\rdblquote  Voldemort said, raising his wand \emdash  and Harry felt his spine curve as though a huge, invisible hand were bending him ruthlessly forward, and the Death Eaters laughed harder than ever.\par
\ldblquote Very good,\rdblquote  said Voldemort softly, and as he raised his wand the pressure bearing down upon Harry lifted too. \ldblquote And now you face me, like a man \'85 straight-backed and proud, the way your father died. \'85\par
\ldblquote And now \emdash  we duel.\rdblquote\par
Voldemort raised his wand, and before Harry could do anything to defend himself, before he could even move, he had been hit again by the Cruciatus Curse. The pain was so intense, so all-consuming, that he no longer knew where he was. \'85 White-hot knives were piercing every inch of his skin, his head was surely going to burst with pain, he was screaming more loudly than he\rquote d ever screamed in his life \emdash\par
And then it stopped. Harry rolled over and scrambled to his feet; he was shaking as uncontrollably as Wormtail had done when his hand had been cut off; he staggered sideways into the wall of watching Death Eaters, and they pushed him away, back toward Voldemort.\par
\ldblquote A little break,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, the slit-like nostrils dilating with excitement, \ldblquote a little pause \'85 That hurt, didn\rquote t it, Harry? You don\rquote t want me to do that again, do you?\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t answer. He was going to die like Cedric, those piti\-less red eyes were telling him so \'85 he was going to die, and there was nothing he could do about it\'85 but he wasn\rquote t going to play along. He wasn\rquote t going to obey Voldemort \'85 he wasn\rquote t going to beg. \'85\par
\ldblquote I asked you whether you want me to do that again,\rdblquote  said Volde\-mort softly. \ldblquote Answer me! \i Imperio\i0 !\rdblquote\par
And Harry felt, for the third time in his life, the sensation that his mind had been wiped of all thought. \'85 Ah, it was bliss, not to think, it was as though he were floating, dreaming \'85 \i just answer no\i0  \'85 \i say no\i0  \'85 \i just answer no\i0 . \'85\par
I will not, said a stronger voice, in the back of his head, I won\rquote t answer. \'85\par
\i Just answer no. \'85\i0\par
I won\rquote t do it, I won\rquote t say it. \'85\par
\i Just answer no. \'85\i0\par
\ldblquote I WON\rquote T!\rdblquote\par
And these words burst from Harry\rquote s mouth; they echoed through the graveyard, and the dream state was lifted as suddenly as though cold water had been thrown over him \emdash  back rushed the aches that the Cruciatus Curse had left all over his body \emdash  back rushed the realization of where he was, and what he was facing. \'85\par
\ldblquote You won\rquote t?\rdblquote  said Voldemort quietly, and the Death Eaters were not laughing now. \ldblquote You won\rquote t say no? Harry, obedience is a virtue I need to teach you before you die. \'85 Perhaps another little dose of pain?\rdblquote\par
Voldemort raised his wand, but this time Harry was ready; with the reflexes born of his Quidditch training, he flung himself side\-ways onto the ground; he rolled behind the marble headstone of Voldemort\rquote s father, and he heard it crack as the curse missed him.\par
\ldblquote We are not playing hide-and-seek, Harry,\rdblquote  said Voldemort\rquote s soft, cold voice, drawing nearer, as the Death Eaters laughed. \ldblquote You can\-not hide from me. Does this mean you are tired of our duel? Does this mean that you would prefer me to finish it now, Harry? Come out, Harry \'85 come out and play, then \'85 it will be quick \'85 it might even be painless \'85 I would not know \'85 I have never died. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry crouched behind the headstone and knew the end had come. There was no hope \'85 no help to be had. And as he heard Voldemort draw nearer still, he knew one thing only, and it was be\-yond fear or reason: He was not going to die crouching here like a child playing hide-and-seek; he was not going to die kneeling at Voldemort\rquote s feet \'85 he was going to die upright like his father, and he was going to die trying to defend himself, even if no defense was possible. \'85\par
Before Voldemort could stick his snakelike face around the headstone, Harry stood up \'85 he gripped his wand tightly in his hand, thrust it out in front of him, and threw himself around the headstone, facing Voldemort.\par
Voldemort was ready. As Harry shouted, \ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote  Volde\-mort cried, \ldblquote\i Avada Kedavra\i0 !\rdblquote\par
A jet of green light issued from Voldemort\rquote s wand just as a jet of red light blasted from Harry\rquote s \emdash  they met in midair \emdash  and sud\-denly Harry\rquote s wand was vibrating as though an electric charge were surging through it; his hand seized up around it; he couldn\rquote t have released it if he\rquote d wanted to \emdash  and a narrow beam of light con\-nected the two wands, neither red nor green, but bright, deep gold. Harry, following the beam with his astonished gaze, saw that Voldemort\rquote s long white fingers too were gripping a wand that was shaking and vibrating.\par
And then \emdash  nothing could have prepared Harry for this \emdash  he felt his feet lift from the ground. He and Voldemort were both being raised into the air, their wands still connected by that thread of shimmering golden light. They glided away from the tomb\-stone of Voldemort\rquote s father and then came to rest on a patch of ground that was clear and free of graves. \'85 The Death Eaters were shouting; they were asking Voldemort for instructions; they were closing in, reforming the circle around Harry and Voldemort, the snake slithering at their heels, some of them drawing their wands \emdash\par
The golden thread connecting Harry and Voldemort splintered; though the wands remained connected, a thousand more beams arced high over Harry and Voldemort, crisscrossing all around them, until they were enclosed in a golden, dome-shaped web, a cage of light, beyond which the Death Eaters circled like jackals, their cries strangely muffled now. \'85\par
\ldblquote Do nothing!\rdblquote  Voldemort shrieked to the Death Eaters, and Harry saw his red eyes wide with astonishment at what was hap\-pening, saw him fighting to break the thread of light still connect\-ing his wand with Harry\rquote s; Harry held onto his wand more tightly, with both hands, and the golden thread remained unbroken. \ldblquote Do nothing unless I command you!\rdblquote  Voldemort shouted to the Death Eaters.\par
And then an unearthly and beautiful sound filled the air. \'85 It was coming from every thread of the light-spun web vibrating around Harry and Voldemort. It was a sound Harry recognized, though he had heard it only once before in his life: phoenix song.\par
It was the sound of hope to Harry \'85 the most beautiful and welcome thing he had ever heard in his life. \'85 He felt as though the song were inside him instead of just around him. \'85 It was the sound he connected with Dumbledore, and it was almost as though a friend were speaking in his ear. \'85\par
\i Don\rquote t break the connection.\i0\par
I know, Harry told the music, I know I mustn\rquote t \'85 but no sooner had he thought it, than the thing became much harder to do. His wand began to vibrate more powerfully than ever \'85 and now the beam between him and Voldemort changed too \'85 it was as though large beads of light were sliding up and down the thread connecting the wands \emdash  Harry felt his wand give a shudder under his hand as the light beads began to slide slowly and steadily his way. \'85 The direction of the beam\rquote s movement was now toward him, from Voldemort, and he felt his wand shudder angrily. \'85\par
As the closest bead of light moved nearer to Harry\rquote s wand tip, the wood beneath his fingers grew so hot he feared it would burst into flame. The closer that bead moved, the harder Harry\rquote s wand vibrated; he was sure his wand would not survive contact with it; it felt as though it was about to shatter under his fingers \emdash\par
He concentrated every last particle of his mind upon forcing the bead back toward Voldemort, his ears full of phoenix song, his eyes furious, fixed \'85 and slowly, very slowly, the beads quivered to a halt, and then, just as slowly, they began to move the other way \'85 and it was Voldemort\rquote s wand that was vibrating extra-hard now \'85 Voldemort who looked astonished, and almost fearful. \'85\par
One of the beads of light was quivering, inches from the tip of Voldemort\rquote s wand. Harry didn\rquote t understand why he was doing it, didn\rquote t know what it might achieve \'85 but he now concentrated as he had never done in his life on forcing that bead of light right back into Voldemort\rquote s wand \'85 and slowly \'85 very slowly \'85 it moved along the golden thread \'85 it trembled for a moment\'85 and then it connected. \'85\par
At once, Voldemort\rquote s wand began to emit echoing screams of pain \'85 then \emdash  Voldemort\rquote s red eyes widened with shock \emdash  a dense, smoky hand flew out of the tip of it and vanished \'85 the ghost of the hand he had made Wormtail \'85 more shouts of pain \'85 and then something much larger began to blossom from Voldemort\rquote s wand tip, a great, grayish something, that looked as though it were made of the solidest, densest smoke. \'85 It was a head \'85 now a chest and arms \'85 the torso of Cedric Diggory.\par
If ever Harry might have released his wand from shock, it would have been then, but instinct kept him clutching his wand tightly, so that the thread of golden light remained unbroken, even though the thick gray ghost of Cedric Diggory (\i was\i0  it a ghost? it looked so solid) emerged in its entirety from the end of Voldemort\rquote s wand, as though it were squeezing itself out of a very narrow tunnel \'85 and this shade of Cedric stood up, and looked up and down the golden thread of light, and spoke.\par
\ldblquote Hold on, Harry,\rdblquote  it said.\par
Its voice was distant and echoing. Harry looked at Volde\-mort \'85 his wide red eyes were still shocked \'85 he had no more expected this than Harry had \'85 and, very dimly, Harry heard the frightened yells of the Death Eaters, prowling around the edges of the golden dome. \'85\par
More screams of pain from the wand \'85 and then something else emerged from its tip \'85 the dense shadow of a second head, quickly followed by arms and torso \'85 an old man Harry had seen only in a dream was now pushing himself out of the end of the wand just as Cedric had done \'85 and his ghost, or his shadow, or whatever it was, fell next to Cedric\rquote s, and surveyed Harry and Voldemort, and the golden web, and the connected wands, with mild surprise, leaning on his walking stick. \'85\par
\ldblquote He was a real wizard, then?\rdblquote  the old man said, his eyes on Voldemort. \ldblquote Killed me, that one did. \'85 You fight him, boy. \'85\rdblquote\par
But already, yet another head was emerging \'85 and this head, gray as a smoky statue, was a woman\rquote s. \'85 Harry, both arms shak\-ing now as he fought to keep his wand still, saw her drop to the ground and straighten up like the others, staring. \'85\par
The shadow of Bertha Jorkins surveyed the battle before her with wide eyes.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t let go, now!\rdblquote  she cried, and her voice echoed like Cedric\rquote s as though from very far away. \ldblquote Don\rquote t let him get you, Harry \emdash  don\rquote t let go!\rdblquote\par
She and the other two shadowy figures began to pace around the inner walls of the golden web, while the Death Eaters flitted around the outside of it \'85 and Voldemort\rquote s dead victims whispered as they circled the duelers, whispered words of encouragement to Harry, and hissed words Harry couldn\rquote t hear to Voldemort.\par
And now another head was emerging from the tip of Volde\-mort\rquote s wand \'85 and Harry knew when he saw it who it would be \'85 he knew, as though he had expected it from the moment when Cedric had appeared from the wand \'85 knew, because the woman was the one he\rquote d thought of more than any other tonight. \'85\par
The smoky shadow of a young woman with long hair fell to the ground as Bertha had done, straightened up, and looked at him \'85 and Harry, his arms shaking madly now, looked back into the ghostly face of his mother.\par
\ldblquote Your father\rquote s coming \'85\rdblquote  she said quietly. \ldblquote Hold on for your father \'85 it will be all right \'85 hold on. \'85\rdblquote\par
And he came \'85 first his head, then his body \'85 tall and untidy-haired like Harry, the smoky, shadowy form of James Potter blossomed from the end of Voldemort\rquote s wand, fell to the ground, and straightened like his wife. He walked close to Harry, looking down at him, and he spoke in the same distant, echoing voice as the others, but quietly, so that Voldemort, his face now livid with fear as his victims prowled around him, could not hear. \'85\par
\ldblquote When the connection is broken, we will linger for only mo\-ments \'85 but we will give you time \'85 you must get to the Portkey, it will return you to Hogwarts \'85 do you understand, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  Harry gasped, fighting now to keep a hold on his wand, which was slipping and sliding beneath his fingers.\par
\ldblquote Harry \'85\rdblquote  whispered the figure of Cedric, \ldblquote take my body back, will you? Take my body back to my parents. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I will,\rdblquote  said Harry, his face screwed up with the effort of hold\-ing the wand.\par
\ldblquote Do it now,\rdblquote  whispered his father\rquote s voice, \ldblquote be ready to run \'85 do it now. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote NOW!\rdblquote  Harry yelled; he didn\rquote t think he could have held on for another moment anyway \emdash  he pulled his wand upward with an almighty wrench, and the golden thread broke; the cage of light vanished, the phoenix song died \emdash  but the shadowy figures of Voldemort\rquote s victims did not disappear \emdash  they were closing in upon Voldemort, shielding Harry from his gaze \emdash\par
And Harry ran as he had never run in his life, knocking two stunned Death Eaters aside as he passed; he zigzagged behind head\-stones, feeling their curses following him, hearing them hit the headstones \emdash  he was dodging curses and graves, pelting toward Cedric\rquote s body, no longer aware of the pain in his leg, his whole be\-ing concentrated on what he had to do \emdash\par
\ldblquote\i Stun him\i0 !\rdblquote  he heard Voldemort scream.\par
Ten feet from Cedric, Harry dived behind a marble angel to avoid the jets of red light and saw the tip of its wing shatter as the spells hit it. Gripping his wand more tightly, he dashed out from behind the angel \emdash\par
\ldblquote\i Impedimenta\i0 !\rdblquote  he bellowed, pointing his wand wildly over his shoulder at the Death Eaters running at him.\par
From a muffled yell, he thought he had stopped at least one of them, but there was no time to stop and look; he jumped over the cup and dived as he heard more wand blasts behind him; more jets of light flew over his head as he fell, stretching out his hand to grab Cedric\rquote s arm \emdash\par
\ldblquote Stand aside! I will kill him! He is mine!\rdblquote  shrieked Voldemort.\par
Harry\rquote s hand had closed on Cedric\rquote s wrist; one tombstone stood between him and Voldemort, but Cedric was too heavy to carry, and the cup was out of reach \emdash\par
Voldemort\rquote s red eyes flamed in the darkness. Harry saw his mouth curl into a smile, saw him raise his wand.\par
\ldblquote\i Accio\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled, pointing his wand at the Triwizard Cup.\par
It flew into the air and soared toward him. Harry caught it by the handle \emdash\par
He heard Voldemort\rquote s scream of fury at the same moment that he felt the jerk behind his navel that meant the Portkey had worked \emdash  it was speeding him away in a whirl of wind and color, and Cedric along with him. \'85 They were going back.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 35\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Veritaserum\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Harry felt himself slam flat into the ground; his face was pressed into grass; the smell of it filled his nostrils. He had closed his eyes while the Portkey transported him, and he kept them closed now. He did not move. All the breath seemed to have been knocked out of him; his head was swimming so badly he felt as though the ground beneath him were swaying like the deck of a ship. To hold himself steady, he tightened his hold on the two things he was still clutching: the smooth, cold handle of the Tri-wizard Cup and Cedric\rquote s body. He felt as though he would slide away into the blackness gathering at the edges of his brain if he let go of either of them. Shock and exhaustion kept him on the ground, breathing in the smell of the grass, waiting \'85 waiting for someone to do something \'85 something to happen \'85 and all the while, his scar burned dully on his forehead. \'85\par
A torrent of sound deafened and confused him; there were voices everywhere, footsteps, screams. \'85 He remained where he was, his face screwed up against the noise, as though it were a nightmare that would pass. \'85\par
Then a pair of hands seized him roughly and turned him over.\par
\ldblquote Harry! \i Harry\i0 !\rdblquote\par
He opened his eyes.\par
He was looking up at the starry sky, and Albus Dumbledore was crouched over him. The dark shadows of a crowd of people pressed in around them, pushing nearer; Harry felt the ground beneath his head reverberating with their footsteps.\par
He had come back to the edge of the maze. He could see the stands rising above him, the shapes of people moving in them, the stars above.\par
Harry let go of the cup, but he clutched Cedric to him even more tightly. He raised his free hand and seized Dumbledore\rquote s wrist, while Dumbledore\rquote s face swam in and out of focus.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s back,\rdblquote  Harry whispered. \ldblquote He\rquote s back. Voldemort.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s going on? What\rquote s happened?\rdblquote\par
The face of Cornelius Fudge appeared upside down over Harry; it looked white, appalled.\par
\ldblquote My God \emdash  Diggory!\rdblquote  it whispered. \ldblquote Dumbledore \emdash  he\rquote s dead!\rdblquote\par
The words were repeated, the shadowy figures pressing in on them gasped it to those around them \'85 and then others shouted it \emdash  screeched it \emdash  into the night \emdash  \ldblquote He\rquote s dead!\rdblquote  \ldblquote He\rquote s \i dead\i0 !\rdblquote  \ldblquote Cedric Diggory! \i Dead\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry, let go of him,\rdblquote  he heard Fudge\rquote s voice say, and he felt fingers trying to pry him from Cedric\rquote s limp body, but Harry wouldn\rquote t let him go. Then Dumbledore\rquote s face, which was still blurred and misted, came closer.\par
\ldblquote Harry, you can\rquote t help him now. It\rquote s over. Let go.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He wanted me to bring him back,\rdblquote  Harry muttered \emdash  it seemed important to explain this. \ldblquote He wanted me to bring him back to his parents. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s right, Harry \'85 just let go now. \'85\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore bent down, and with extraordinary strength for a man so old and thin, raised Harry from the ground and set him on his feet. Harry swayed. His head was pounding. His injured leg would no longer support his weight. The crowd around them jostled, fighting to get closer, pressing darkly in on him \emdash  \ldblquote What\rquote s hap\-pened?\rdblquote  \ldblquote What\rquote s wrong with him?\rdblquote  \ldblquote\i Diggory\rquote s dead\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote ll need to go to the hospital wing!\rdblquote  Fudge was saying loudly. \ldblquote He\rquote s ill, he\rquote s injured \emdash  Dumbledore, Diggory\rquote s parents, they\rquote re here, they\rquote re in the stands. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll take Harry, Dumbledore, I\rquote ll take him \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, I would prefer \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore, Amos Diggory\rquote s running \'85 he\rquote s coming over. \'85 Don\rquote t you think you should tell him \emdash  before he sees \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry, stay here \emdash\rdblquote\par
Girls were screaming, sobbing hysterically. \'85 The scene flick\-ered oddly before Harry\rquote s eyes. \'85\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s all right, son, I\rquote ve got you \'85 come on \'85 hospital wing \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore said stay,\rdblquote  said Harry thickly, the pounding in his scar making him feel as though he was about to throw up; his vi\-sion was blurring worse than ever.\par
\ldblquote You need to lie down. \'85 Come on now. \'85\rdblquote\par
Someone larger and stronger than he was was half pulling, half carrying him through the frightened crowd. Harry heard people gasping, screaming, and shouting as the man supporting him pushed a path through them, taking him back to the castle. Across the lawn, past the lake and the Durmstrang ship, Harry heard nothing but the heavy breathing of the man helping him walk.\par
\ldblquote What happened, Harry?\rdblquote  the man asked at last as he lifted Harry up the stone steps. \i Clunk.\i0  \i Clunk.\i0  \i Clunk.\i0  It was Mad-Eye Moody.\par
\ldblquote Cup was a Portkey,\rdblquote  said Harry as they crossed the entrance hall. \ldblquote Took me and Cedric to a graveyard \'85 and Voldemort was there \'85 Lord Voldemort \'85\rdblquote\par
\i Clunk.\i0  \i Clunk.\i0  \i Clunk.\i0  Up the marble stairs \'85\par
\ldblquote The Dark Lord was there? What happened then?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Killed Cedric \'85 they killed Cedric. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And then?\rdblquote\par
\i Clunk.\i0  \i Clunk.\i0  \i Clunk.\i0  Along the corridor \'85\par
\ldblquote Made a potion \'85 got his body back. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The Dark Lord got his body back? He\rquote s returned?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And the Death Eaters came \'85 and then we dueled. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You dueled with the Dark Lord?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Got away \'85 my wand \'85 did something funny. \'85 I saw my mum and dad \'85 they came out of his wand. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote In here, Harry \'85 in here, and sit down. \'85 You\rquote ll be all right now \'85 drink this. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry heard a key scrape in a lock and felt a cup being pushed into his hands.\par
\ldblquote Drink it \'85 you\rquote ll feel better \'85 come on, now, Harry, I need to know exactly what happened. \'85\rdblquote\par
Moody helped tip the stuff down Harry\rquote s throat; he coughed, a peppery taste burning his throat. Moody\rquote s office came into sharper focus, and so did Moody himself. \'85 He looked as white as Fudge had looked, and both eyes were fixed unblinkingly upon Harry\rquote s face.\par
\ldblquote Voldemort\rquote s back, Harry? You\rquote re sure he\rquote s back? How did he do it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He took stuff from his father\rquote s grave, and from Wormtail, and me,\rdblquote  said Harry. His head felt clearer; his scar wasn\rquote t hurting so badly; he could now see Moody\rquote s face distinctly, even though the office was dark. He could still hear screaming and shouting from the distant Quidditch field.\par
\ldblquote What did the Dark Lord take from you?\rdblquote  said Moody.\par
\ldblquote Blood,\rdblquote  said Harry, raising his arm. His sleeve was ripped where Wormtail\rquote s dagger had torn it.\par
Moody let out his breath in a long, low hiss.\par
\ldblquote And the Death Eaters? They returned?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Loads of them \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How did he treat them?\rdblquote  Moody asked quietly. \ldblquote Did he forgive them?\rdblquote\par
But Harry had suddenly remembered. He should have told Dumbledore, he should have said it straightaway \emdash\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s a Death Eater at Hogwarts! There\rquote s a Death Eater here \emdash  they put my name in the Goblet of Fire, they made sure I got through to the end \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry tried to get up, but Moody pushed him back down.\par
\ldblquote I know who the Death Eater is,\rdblquote  he said quietly.\par
\ldblquote Karkaroff?\rdblquote  said Harry wildly. \ldblquote Where is he? Have you got him? Is he locked up?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Karkaroff?\rdblquote  said Moody with an odd laugh. \ldblquote Karkaroff fled tonight, when he felt the Dark Mark burn upon his arm. He betrayed too many faithful supporters of the Dark Lord to wish to meet them \'85 but I doubt he will get far. The Dark Lord has ways of tracking his enemies.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Karkaroff\rquote s \i gone\i0 ? He ran away? But then \emdash  he didn\rquote t put my name in the goblet?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Moody slowly. \ldblquote No, he didn\rquote t. It was I who did that.\rdblquote\par
Harry heard, but didn\rquote t believe.\par
\ldblquote No, you didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t do that \'85 you can\rquote t have done \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I assure you I did,\rdblquote  said Moody, and his magical eye swung around and fixed upon the door, and Harry knew he was making sure that there was no one outside it. At the same time, Moody drew out his wand and pointed it at Harry.\par
\ldblquote He forgave them, then?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote The Death Eaters who went free? The ones who escaped Azkaban?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
He was looking at the wand Moody was pointing at him. This was a bad joke, it had to be.\par
\ldblquote I asked you,\rdblquote  said Moody quietly, \ldblquote whether he forgave the scum who never even went to look for him. Those treacherous cowards who wouldn\rquote t even brave Azkaban for him. The faithless, worthless bits of filth who were brave enough to cavort in masks at the Quid\-ditch World Cup, but fled at the sight of the Dark Mark when I fired it into the sky.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i You\i0  fired \'85 What are you talking about \'85 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I told you, Harry \'85 I told you. If there\rquote s one thing I hate more than any other, it\rquote s a Death Eater who walked free. They turned their backs on my master when he needed them most. I expected him to punish them. I expected him to torture them. Tell me he hurt them, Harry. \'85\rdblquote  Moody\rquote s face was suddenly lit with an in\-sane smile. \ldblquote Tell me he told them that I, I alone remained faith\-ful \'85 prepared to risk everything to deliver to him the one thing he wanted above all \'85 \i you.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You didn\rquote t \'85 it \emdash  it can\rquote t be you. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who put your name in the Goblet of Fire, under the name of a different school? I did. Who frightened off every person I thought might try to hurt you or prevent you from winning the tourna\-ment? I did. Who nudged Hagrid into showing you the dragons? I did. Who helped you see the only way you could beat the dragon? \i I did.\i0\rdblquote\par
Moody\rquote s magical eye had now left the door. It was fixed upon Harry. His lopsided mouth leered more widely than ever.\par
\ldblquote It hasn\rquote t been easy, Harry, guiding you through these tasks without arousing suspicion. I have had to use every ounce of cun\-ning I possess, so that my hand would not be detectable in your success. Dumbledore would have been very suspicious if you had managed everything too easily. As long as you got into that maze, preferably with a decent head start \emdash  then, I knew, I would have a chance of getting rid of the other champions and leaving your way clear. But I also had to contend with your stupidity. The second task \'85 that was when I was most afraid we would fail. I was keep\-ing watch on you, Potter. I knew you hadn\rquote t worked out the egg\rquote s clue, so I had to give you another hint \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  Harry said hoarsely. \ldblquote Cedric gave me the clue \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who told Cedric to open it underwater? I did. I trusted that he would pass the information on to you. Decent people are so easy to manipulate, Potter. I was sure Cedric would want to repay you for telling him about the dragons, and so he did. But even then, Potter, even then you seemed likely to fail. I was watching all the time \'85 all those hours in the library. Didn\rquote t you realize that the book you needed was in your dormitory all along? I planted it there early on, I gave it to the Longbottom boy, don\rquote t you remember? \i Magical Water Plants of the Mediterranean. \i0 It would have told you all you needed to know about gillyweed. I expected you to ask everyone and anyone you could for help. Longbottom would have told you in an instant. But you did not \'85 you did not. \'85 You have a streak of pride and independence that might have ruined all.\par
\ldblquote So what could I do? Feed you information from another inno\-cent source. You told me at the Yule Ball a house-elf called Dobby had given you a Christmas present. I called the elf to the staffroom to collect some robes for cleaning. I staged a loud conversation with Professor McGonagall about the hostages who had been taken, and whether Potter would think to use gillyweed. And your little elf friend ran straight to Snape\rquote s office and then hurried to find you. \'85\rdblquote\par
Moody\rquote s wand was still pointing directly at Harry\rquote s heart. Over his shoulder, foggy shapes were moving in the Foe-Glass on the wall.\par
\ldblquote You were so long in that lake, Potter, I thought you had drowned. But luckily, Dumbledore took your idiocy for nobility, and marked you high for it. I breathed again.\par
\ldblquote You had an easier time of it than you should have in that maze tonight, of course,\rdblquote  said Moody. \ldblquote I was patrolling around it, able to see through the outer hedges, able to curse many obstacles out of your way. I Stunned Fleur Delacour as she passed. I put the Im\-perius Curse on Krum, so that he would finish Diggory and leave your path to the cup clear.\rdblquote\par
Harry stared at Moody. He just didn\rquote t see how this could be. \'85 Dumbledore\rquote s friend, the famous Auror \'85 the one who had caught so many Death Eaters \'85 It made no sense \'85 no sense at all. \'85\par
The foggy shapes in the Foe-Glass were sharpening, had become more distinct. Harry could see the outlines of three people over Moody\rquote s shoulder, moving closer and closer. But Moody wasn\rquote t watching them. His magical eye was upon Harry.\par
\ldblquote The Dark Lord didn\rquote t manage to kill you, Potter, and he \i so \i0 wanted to,\rdblquote  whispered Moody. \ldblquote Imagine how he will reward me when he finds I have done it for him. I gave you to him \emdash  the thing he needed above all to regenerate \emdash  and then I killed you for him. I will be honored beyond all other Death Eaters. I will be his dearest, his closest supporter \'85 closer than a son. \'85\rdblquote\par
Moody\rquote s normal eye was bulging, the magical eye fixed upon Harry. The door was barred, and Harry knew he would never reach his own wand in time. \'85\par
\ldblquote The Dark Lord and I,\rdblquote  said Moody, and he looked completely insane now, towering over Harry, leering down at him, \ldblquote have much in common. Both of us, for instance, had very disappointing fathers \'85 very disappointing indeed. Both of us suffered the in\-dignity, Harry, of being named after those fathers. And both of us had the pleasure \'85 the very great pleasure \'85 of killing our fathers to ensure the continued rise of the Dark Order!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re mad,\rdblquote  Harry said \emdash  he couldn\rquote t stop himself \emdash  \ldblquote you\rquote re mad!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mad, am I?\rdblquote  said Moody, his voice rising uncontrollably. \ldblquote We\rquote ll see! We\rquote ll see who\rquote s mad, now that the Dark Lord has returned, with me at his side! He is back, Harry Potter, you did not conquer him \emdash  and now \emdash  I conquer you!\rdblquote\par
Moody raised his wand, he opened his mouth; Harry plunged his own hand into his robes \emdash\par
\ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote  There was a blinding flash of red light, and with a great splintering and crashing, the door of Moody\rquote s office was blasted apart \emdash\par
Moody was thrown backward onto the office floor. Harry, still staring at the place where Moody\rquote s face had been, saw Albus Dum\-bledore, Professor Snape, and Professor McGonagall looking back at him out of the Foe-Glass. He looked around and saw the three of them standing in the doorway, Dumbledore in front, his wand outstretched.\par
At that moment, Harry fully understood for the first time why people said Dumbledore was the only wizard Voldemort had ever feared. The look upon Dumbledore\rquote s face as he stared down at the unconscious form of Mad-Eye Moody was more terrible than Harry could have ever imagined. There was no benign smile upon Dumbledore\rquote s face, no twinkle in the eyes behind the spectacles. There was cold fury in every line of the ancient face; a sense of power radiated from Dumbledore as though he were giving off burning heat.\par
He stepped into the office, placed a foot underneath Moody\rquote s unconscious body, and kicked him over onto his back, so that his face was visible. Snape followed him, looking into the Foe-Glass, where his own face was still visible, glaring into the room. Profes\-sor McGonagall went straight to Harry.\par
\ldblquote Come along, Potter,\rdblquote  she whispered. The thin line of her mouth was twitching as though she was about to cry. \ldblquote Come along \'85 hospital wing \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore sharply.\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore, he ought to \emdash  look at him \emdash  he\rquote s been through enough tonight \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He will stay, Minerva, because he needs to understand,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore curtly. \ldblquote Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery. He needs to know who has put him through the ordeal he has suffered tonight, and why.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Moody,\rdblquote  Harry said. He was still in a state of complete disbe\-lief. \ldblquote How can it have been Moody?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This is not Alastor Moody,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote You have never known Alastor Moody. The real Moody would not have removed you from my sight after what happened tonight. The mo\-ment he took you, I knew \emdash  and I followed.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore bent down over Moody\rquote s limp form and put a hand inside his robes. He pulled out Moody\rquote s hip flask and a set of keys on a ring. Then he turned to Professors McGonagall and Snape.\par
\ldblquote Severus, please fetch me the strongest Truth Potion you possess, and then go down to the kitchens and bring up the house-elf called Winky. Minerva, kindly go down to Hagrid\rquote s house, where you will find a large black dog sitting in the pumpkin patch. Take the dog up to my office, tell him I will be with him shortly, then come back here.\rdblquote\par
If either Snape or McGonagall found these instructions peculiar, they hid their confusion. Both turned at once and left the office. Dumbledore walked over to the trunk with seven locks, fitted the first key in the lock, and opened it. It contained a mass of spell-books. Dumbledore closed the trunk, placed a second key in the second lock, and opened the trunk again. The spellbooks had van\-ished; this time it contained an assortment of broken Sneako-scopes, some parchment and quills, and what looked like a silvery Invisibility Cloak. Harry watched, astounded, as Dumbledore placed the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth keys in their respective locks, reopening the trunk, and each time revealing different con\-tents. Then he placed the seventh key in the lock, threw open the lid, and Harry let out a cry of amazement.\par
He was looking down into a kind of pit, an underground room, and lying on the floor some ten feet below, apparently fast asleep, thin and starved in appearance, was the real Mad-Eye Moody. His wooden leg was gone, the socket that should have held the magical eye looked empty beneath its lid, and chunks of his grizzled hair were missing. Harry stared, thunderstruck, between the sleeping Moody in the trunk and the unconscious Moody lying on the floor of the office.\par
Dumbledore climbed into the trunk, lowered himself, and fell lightly onto the floor beside the sleeping Moody. He bent over him.\par
\ldblquote Stunned \emdash  controlled by the Imperius Curse \emdash  very weak,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Of course, they would have needed to keep him alive. Harry, throw down the imposter\rquote s cloak \emdash  he\rquote s freezing. Madam Pomfrey will need to see him, but he seems in no immediate danger.\rdblquote\par
Harry did as he was told; Dumbledore covered Moody in the cloak, tucked it around him, and clambered out of the trunk again. Then he picked up the hip flask that stood upon the desk, unscrewed it, and turned it over. A thick glutinous liquid splattered onto the office floor.\par
\ldblquote Polyjuice Potion, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote You see the sim\-plicity of it, and the brilliance. For Moody never \i does\i0  drink except from his hip flask, he\rquote s well known for it. The imposter needed, of course, to keep the real Moody close by, so that he could continue making the potion. You see his hair \'85\rdblquote  Dumbledore looked down on the Moody in the trunk. \ldblquote The imposter has been cutting it off all year, see where it is uneven? But I think, in the excitement of tonight, our fake Moody might have forgotten to take it as frequently as he should have done \'85 on the hour \'85 every hour. \'85 We shall see.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore pulled out the chair at the desk and sat down upon it, his eyes fixed upon the unconscious Moody on the floor. Harry stared at him too. Minutes passed in silence. \'85\par
Then, before Harry\rquote s very eyes, the face of the man on the floor began to change. The scars were disappearing, the skin was becom\-ing smooth; the mangled nose became whole and started to shrink. The long mane of grizzled gray hair was withdrawing into the scalp and turning the color of straw. Suddenly, with a loud \i clunk\i0 , the wooden leg fell away as a normal leg regrew in its place; next mo\-ment, the magical eyeball had popped out of the man\rquote s face as a real eye replaced it; it rolled away across the floor and continued to swivel in every direction.\par
Harry saw a man lying before him, pale-skinned, slightly freck\-led, with a mop of fair hair. He knew who he was. He had seen him in Dumbledore\rquote s Pensieve, had watched him being led away from court by the dementors, trying to convince Mr. Crouch that he was innocent \'85 but he was lined around the eyes now and looked much older. \'85\par
There were hurried footsteps outside in the corridor. Snape had returned with Winky at his heels. Professor McGonagall was right behind them.\par
\ldblquote Crouch!\rdblquote  Snape said, stopping dead in the doorway. \ldblquote Barty Crouch!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good heavens,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, stopping dead and staring down at the man on the floor.\par
Filthy, disheveled, Winky peered around Snape\rquote s legs. Her mouth opened wide and she let out a piercing shriek.\par
\ldblquote Master Barty, Master Barty, what is you doing here?\rdblquote\par
She flung herself forward onto the young man\rquote s chest.\par
\ldblquote You is killed him! You is killed him! You is killed Master\rquote s son!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He is simply Stunned, Winky,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Step aside, please. Severus, you have the potion?\rdblquote\par
Snape handed Dumbledore a small glass bottle of completely clear liquid: the Veritaserum with which he had threatened Harry in class. Dumbledore got up, bent over the man on the floor, and pulled him into a sitting position against the wall beneath the Foe-Glass, in which the reflections of Dumbledore, Snape, and McGonagall were still glaring down upon them all. Winky re\-mained on her knees, trembling, her hands over her face. Dum\-bledore forced the man\rquote s mouth open and poured three drops inside it. Then he pointed his wand at the man\rquote s chest and said, \ldblquote\i Rennervate.\i0\rdblquote\par
Crouch\rquote s son opened his eyes. His face was slack, his gaze unfo\-cused. Dumbledore knelt before him, so that their faces were level.\par
\ldblquote Can you hear me?\rdblquote  Dumbledore asked quietly.\par
The man\rquote s eyelids flickered.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  he muttered.\par
\ldblquote I would like you to tell us,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore softly, \ldblquote how you came to be here. How did you escape from Azkaban?\rdblquote\par
Crouch took a deep, shuddering breath, then began to speak in a flat, expressionless voice.\par
\ldblquote My mother saved me. She knew she was dying. She persuaded my father to rescue me as a last favor to her. He loved her as he had never loved me. He agreed. They came to visit me. They gave me a draft of Polyjuice Potion containing one of my mother\rquote s hairs. She took a draft of Polyjuice Potion containing one of my hairs. We took on each other\rquote s appearance.\rdblquote\par
Winky was shaking her head, trembling.\par
\ldblquote Say no more, Master Barty, say no more, you is getting your father into trouble!\rdblquote\par
But Crouch took another deep breath and continued in the same flat voice.\par
\ldblquote The dementors are blind. They sensed one healthy, one dying person entering Azkaban. They sensed one healthy, one dying per\-son leaving it. My father smuggled me out, disguised as my mother, in case any prisoners were watching through their doors.\par
\ldblquote My mother died a short while afterward in Azkaban. She was careful to drink Polyjuice Potion until the end. She was buried un\-der my name and bearing my appearance. Everyone believed her to be me.\rdblquote\par
The man\rquote s eyelids flickered.\par
\ldblquote And what did your father do with you, when he had got you home?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly.\par
\ldblquote Staged my mother\rquote s death. A quiet, private funeral. That grave is empty. The house-elf nursed me back to health. Then I had to be concealed. I had to be controlled. My father had to use a number of spells to subdue me. When I had recovered my strength, I thought only of finding my master \'85 of returning to his service.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How did your father subdue you?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote The Imperius Curse,\rdblquote  Crouch said. \ldblquote I was under my father\rquote s control. I was forced to wear an Invisibility Cloak day and night. I was always with the house-elf. She was my keeper and caretaker. She pitied me. She persuaded my father to give me occasional treats. Rewards for my good behavior.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Master Barty, Master Barty,\rdblquote  sobbed Winky through her hands. \ldblquote You isn\rquote t ought to tell them, we is getting in trouble. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did anybody ever discover that you were still alive?\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore softly. \ldblquote Did anyone know except your father and the house-elf?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Crouch, his eyelids flickering again. \ldblquote A witch in my father\rquote s office. Bertha Jorkins. She came to the house with papers for my father\rquote s signature. He was not at home. Winky showed her inside and returned to the kitchen, to me. But Bertha Jorkins heard Winky talking to me. She came to investigate. She heard enough to guess who was hiding under the Invisibility Cloak. My father ar\-rived home. She confronted him. He put a very powerful Memory Charm on her to make her forget what she\rquote d found out. Too pow\-erful. He said it damaged her memory permanently.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why is she coming to nose into my master\rquote s private business?\rdblquote  sobbed Winky. \ldblquote Why isn\rquote t she leaving us be?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Tell me about the Quidditch World Cup,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote Winky talked my father into it,\rdblquote  said Crouch, still in the same monotonous voice. \ldblquote She spent months persuading him. I had not left the house for years. I had loved Quidditch. Let him go, she said. He will be in his Invisibility Cloak. He can watch. Let him smell fresh air for once. She said my mother would have wanted it. She told my father that my mother had died to give me freedom. She had not saved me for a life of imprisonment. He agreed in the end.\par
\ldblquote It was carefully planned. My father led me and Winky up to the Top Box early in the day. Winky was to say that she was saving a seat for my father. I was to sit there, invisible. When everyone had left the box, we would emerge. Winky would appear to be alone. Nobody would ever know.\par
\ldblquote But Winky didn\rquote t know that I was growing stronger. I was start\-ing to fight my father\rquote s Imperius Curse. There were times when I was almost myself again. There were brief periods when I seemed outside his control. It happened, there, in the Top Box. It was like waking from a deep sleep. I found myself out in public, in the mid\-dle of the match, and I saw, in front of me, a wand sticking out of a boy\rquote s pocket. I had not been allowed a wand since before Azka\-ban. I stole it. Winky didn\rquote t know. Winky is frightened of heights. She had her face hidden.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Master Barty, you bad boy!\rdblquote  whispered Winky, tears trickling between her fingers.\par
\ldblquote So you took the wand,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote and what did you do with it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We went back to the tent,\rdblquote  said Crouch. \ldblquote Then we heard them. We heard the Death Eaters. The ones who had never been to Azka\-ban. The ones who had never suffered for my master. They had turned their backs on him. They were not enslaved, as I was. They were free to seek him, but they did not. They were merely making sport of Muggles. The sound of their voices awoke me. My mind was clearer than it had been in years. I was angry. I had the wand. I wanted to attack them for their disloyalty to my master. My father had left the tent; he had gone to free the Muggles. Winky was afraid to see me so angry. She used her own brand of magic to bind me to her. She pulled me from the tent, pulled me into the forest, away from the Death Eaters. I tried to hold her back. I wanted to return to the campsite. I wanted to show those Death Eaters what loyalty to the Dark Lord meant, and to punish them for their lack of it. I used the stolen wand to cast the Dark Mark into the sky.\par
\ldblquote Ministry wizards arrived. They shot Stunning Spells every\-where. One of the spells came through the trees where Winky and I stood. The bond connecting us was broken. We were both Stunned.\par
\ldblquote When Winky was discovered, my father knew I must be nearby. He searched the bushes where she had been found and felt me lying there. He waited until the other Ministry members had left the forest. He put me back under the Imperius Curse and took me home. He dismissed Winky. She had failed him. She had let me acquire a wand. She had almost let me escape.\rdblquote\par
Winky let out a wail of despair.\par
\ldblquote Now it was just Father and I, alone in the house. And then \'85 and then \'85\rdblquote  Crouch\rquote s head rolled on his neck, and an insane grin spread across his face. \ldblquote My master came for me.\par
\ldblquote He arrived at our house late one night in the arms of his servant Wormtail. My master had found out that I was still alive. He had captured Bertha Jorkins in Albania. He had tortured her. She told him a great deal. She told him about the Triwizard Tournament. She told him the old Auror, Moody, was going to teach at Hog\-warts. He tortured her until he broke through the Memory Charm my father had placed upon her. She told him I had escaped from Azkaban. She told him my father kept me imprisoned to prevent me from seeking my master. And so my master knew that I was still his faithful servant \emdash  perhaps the most faithful of all. My master conceived a plan, based upon the information Bertha had given him. He needed me. He arrived at our house near midnight. My father answered the door.\rdblquote\par
The smile spread wider over Crouch\rquote s face, as though recalling the sweetest memory of his life. Winky\rquote s petrified brown eyes were visible through her fingers. She seemed too appalled to speak.\par
\ldblquote It was very quick. My father was placed under the Imperius Curse by my master. Now my father was the one imprisoned, con\-trolled. My master forced him to go about his business as usual, to act as though nothing was wrong. And I was released. I awoke. I was myself again, alive as I hadn\rquote t been in years.\par
\ldblquote And what did Lord Voldemort ask you to do?\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore.\par
\ldblquote He asked me whether I was ready to risk everything for him. I was ready. It was my dream, my greatest ambition, to serve him, to prove myself to him. He told me he needed to place a faithful ser\-vant at Hogwarts. A servant who would guide Harry Potter through the Triwizard Tournament without appearing to do so. A servant who would watch over Harry Potter. Ensure he reached the Triwizard Cup. Turn the cup into a Portkey, which would take the first person to touch it to my master. But first \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You needed Alastor Moody,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. His blue eyes were blazing, though his voice remained calm.\par
\ldblquote Wormtail and I did it. We had prepared the Polyjuice Potion beforehand. We journeyed to his house. Moody put up a struggle. There was a commotion. We managed to subdue him just in time. Forced him into a compartment of his own magical trunk. Took some of his hair and added it to the potion. I drank it; I became Moody\rquote s double. I took his leg and his eye. I was ready to face Arthur Weasley when he arrived to sort out the Muggles who had heard a disturbance. I made the dustbins move around the yard. I told Arthur Weasley I had heard intruders in my yard, who had set off the dustbins. Then I packed up Moody\rquote s clothes and Dark detectors, put them in the trunk with Moody, and set off for Hog\-warts. I kept him alive, under the Imperius Curse. I wanted to be able to question him. To find out about his past, learn his habits, so that I could fool even Dumbledore. I also needed his hair to make the Polyjuice Potion. The other ingredients were easy. I stole boom-slang skin from the dungeons. When the Potions master found me in his office, I said I was under orders to search it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And what became of Wormtail after you attacked Moody?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote Wormtail returned to care for my master, in my father\rquote s house, and to keep watch over my father.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But your father escaped,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote Yes. After a while he began to fight the Imperius Curse just as I had done. There were periods when he knew what was happening. My master decided it was no longer safe for my father to leave the house. He forced him to send letters to the Ministry instead. He made him write and say he was ill. But Wormtail neglected his duty. He was not watchful enough. My father escaped. My master guessed that he was heading for Hogwarts. My father was going to tell Dumbledore everything, to confess. He was going to admit that he had smuggled me from Azkaban.\par
\ldblquote My master sent me word of my father\rquote s escape. He told me to stop him at all costs. So I waited and watched. I used the map I had taken from Harry Potter. The map that had almost ruined everything.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Map?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quickly. \ldblquote What map is this?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Potter\rquote s map of Hogwarts. Potter saw me on it. Potter saw me stealing more ingredients for the Polyjuice Potion from Snape\rquote s of\-fice one night. He thought I was my father. We have the same first name. I took the map from Potter that night. I told him my father hated Dark wizards. Potter believed my father was after Snape.\par
\ldblquote For a week I waited for my father to arrive at Hogwarts. At last, one evening, the map showed my father entering the grounds. I pulled on my Invisibility Cloak and went down to meet him. He was walking around the edge of the forest. Then Potter came, and Krum. I waited. I could not hurt Potter; my master needed him. Potter ran to get Dumbledore. I Stunned Krum. I killed my father.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Noooo\i0 !\rdblquote  wailed Winky. \ldblquote Master Barty, Master Barty, what is you saying?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You killed your father,\rdblquote  Dumbledore said, in the same soft voice. \ldblquote What did you do with the body?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Carried it into the forest. Covered it with the Invisibility Cloak. I had the map with me. I watched Potter run into the castle. He met Snape. Dumbledore joined them. I watched Potter bringing Dumbledore out of the castle. I walked back out of the forest, dou\-bled around behind them, went to meet them. I told Dumbledore Snape had told me where to come.\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore told me to go and look for my father. I went back to my father\rquote s body. Watched the map. When everyone was gone, I Transfigured my father\rquote s body. He became a bone \'85 I buried it, while wearing the Invisibility Cloak, in the freshly dug earth in front of Hagrid\rquote s cabin.\rdblquote\par
There was complete silence now, except for Winky\rquote s continued sobs. Then Dumbledore said, \ldblquote And tonight \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I offered to carry the Triwizard Cup into the maze before din\-ner,\rdblquote  whispered Barty Crouch. \ldblquote Turned it into a Portkey. My mas\-ter\rquote s plan worked. He is returned to power and I will be honored by him beyond the dreams of wizards.\rdblquote\par
The insane smile lit his features once more, and his head drooped onto his shoulder as Winky wailed and sobbed at his side.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 36\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Parting of the Ways\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
Dumbledore stood up. He stared down at Barty Crouch for a moment with disgust on his face. Then he raised his wand once more and ropes flew out of it, ropes that twisted themselves around Barty Crouch, binding him tightly. He turned to Professor McGonagall.\par
\ldblquote Minerva, could I ask you to stand guard here while I take Harry upstairs?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. She looked slightly nauseous, as though she had just watched someone being sick. However, when she drew out her wand and pointed it at Barty Crouch, her hand was quite steady.\par
\ldblquote Severus\rdblquote  \emdash  Dumbledore turned to Snape \emdash  \ldblquote please tell Madam Pomfrey to come down here; we need to get Alastor Moody into the hospital wing. Then go down into the grounds, find Cornelius Fudge, and bring him up to this office. He will undoubtedly want to question Crouch himself. Tell him I will be in the hospital wing in half an hour\rquote s time if he needs me.\rdblquote\par
Snape nodded silently and swept out of the room.\par
\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  Dumbledore said gently.\par
Harry got up and swayed again; the pain in his leg, which he had not noticed all the time he had been listening to Crouch, now re\-turned in full measure. He also realized that he was shaking. Dum\-bledore gripped his arm and helped him out into the dark corridor.\par
\ldblquote I want you to come up to my office first, Harry,\rdblquote  he said quietly as they headed up the passageway. \ldblquote Sirius is waiting for us there.\rdblquote\par
Harry nodded. A kind of numbness and a sense of complete un\-reality were upon him, but he did not care; he was even glad of it. He didn\rquote t want to have to think about anything that had happened since he had first touched the Triwizard Cup. He didn\rquote t want to have to examine the memories, fresh and sharp as photographs, which kept flashing across his mind. Mad-Eye Moody, inside the trunk. Wormtail, slumped on the ground, cradling his stump of an arm. Voldemort, rising from the steaming cauldron. Cedric \'85 dead \'85 Cedric, asking to be returned to his parents. \'85\par
\ldblquote Professor,\rdblquote  Harry mumbled, \ldblquote where are Mr. and Mrs. Diggory?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They are with Professor Sprout,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. His voice, which had been so calm throughout the interrogation of Barty Crouch, shook very slightly for the first time. \ldblquote She was Head of Cedric\rquote s house, and knew him best.\rdblquote\par
They had reached the stone gargoyle. Dumbledore gave the password, it sprang aside, and he and Harry went up the moving spiral staircase to the oak door. Dumbledore pushed it open. Sirius was standing there. His face was white and gaunt as it had been when he had escaped Azkaban. In one swift moment, he had crossed the room.\par
\ldblquote Harry, are you all right? I knew it \emdash  I knew something like this \emdash  what happened?\rdblquote\par
His hands shook as he helped Harry into a chair in front of the desk.\par
\ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote  he asked more urgently\par
Dumbledore began to tell Sirius everything Barty Crouch had said. Harry was only half listening. So tired every bone in his body was aching, he wanted nothing more than to sit here, undisturbed, for hours and hours, until he fell asleep and didn\rquote t have to think or feel anymore.\par
There was a soft rush of wings. Fawkes the phoenix had left his perch, flown across the office, and landed on Harry\rquote s knee.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Lo, Fawkes,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly. He stroked the phoenix\rquote s beautiful scarlet-and-gold plumage. Fawkes blinked peacefully up at him. There was something comforting about his warm weight.\par
Dumbledore stopped talking. He sat down opposite Harry, be\-hind his desk. He was looking at Harry, who avoided his eyes. Dumbledore was going to question him. He was going to make Harry relive everything.\par
\ldblquote I need to know what happened after you touched the Portkey in the maze, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote We can leave that till morning, can\rquote t we, Dumbledore?\rdblquote  said Sirius harshly. He had put a hand on Harry\rquote s shoulder. \ldblquote Let him have a sleep. Let him rest.\rdblquote\par
Harry felt a rush of gratitude toward Sirius, but Dumbledore took no notice of Sirius\rquote s words. He leaned forward toward Harry. Very unwillingly, Harry raised his head and looked into those blue eyes.\par
\ldblquote If I thought I could help you,\rdblquote  Dumbledore said gently, \ldblquote by putting you into an enchanted sleep and allowing you to postpone the moment when you would have to think about what has hap\-pened tonight, I would do it. But I know better. Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it. You have shown bravery beyond anything I could have expected of you. I ask you to demonstrate your courage one more time. I ask you to tell us what happened.\rdblquote\par
The phoenix let out one soft, quavering note. It shivered in the air, and Harry felt as though a drop of hot liquid had slipped down his throat into his stomach, warming him, and strengthening him.\par
He took a deep breath and began to tell them. As he spoke, vi\-sions of everything that had passed that night seemed to rise before his eyes; he saw the sparkling surface of the potion that had revived Voldemort; he saw the Death Eaters Apparating between the graves around them; he saw Cedric\rquote s body, lying on the ground beside the cup.\par
Once or twice, Sirius made a noise as though about to say some\-thing, his hand still tight on Harry\rquote s shoulder, but Dumbledore raised his hand to stop him, and Harry was glad of this, because it was easier to keep going now he had started. It was even a relief; he felt almost as though something poisonous were being extracted from him. It was costing him every bit of determination he had to keep talking, yet he sensed that once he had finished, he would feel better.\par
When Harry told of Wormtail piercing his arm with the dagger, however, Sirius let out a vehement exclamation and Dumbledore stood up so quickly that Harry started. Dumbledore walked around the desk and told Harry to stretch out his arm. Harry showed them both the place where his robes were torn and the cut beneath them.\par
\ldblquote He said my blood would make him stronger than if he\rquote d used someone else\rquote s,\rdblquote  Harry told Dumbledore. \ldblquote He said the protection my \emdash  my mother left in me \emdash  he\rquote d have it too. And he was right \emdash  he could touch me without hurting himself, he touched my face.\rdblquote\par
For a fleeting instant, Harry thought he saw a gleam of some\-thing like triumph in Dumbledore\rquote s eyes. But next second, Harry was sure he had imagined it, for when Dumbledore had returned to his seat behind the desk, he looked as old and weary as Harry had ever seen him.\par
\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  he said, sitting down again. \ldblquote Voldemort has over\-come that particular barrier. Harry, continue, please.\rdblquote\par
Harry went on; he explained how Voldemort had emerged from the cauldron, and told them all he could remember of Voldemort\rquote s speech to the Death Eaters. Then he told how Voldemort had un\-tied him, returned his wand to him, and prepared to duel.\par
But when he reached the part where the golden beam of light had connected his and Voldemort\rquote s wands, he found his throat ob\-structed. He tried to keep talking, but the memories of what had come out of Voldemort\rquote s wand were flooding into his mind. He could see Cedric emerging, see the old man, Bertha Jorkins \'85 his father \'85 his mother \'85\par
He was glad when Sirius broke the silence.\par
\ldblquote The wands connected?\rdblquote  he said, looking from Harry to Dum\-bledore. \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\par
Harry looked up at Dumbledore again, on whose face there was an arrested look.\par
\ldblquote\i Priori Incantatem,\i0\rdblquote  he muttered.\par
His eyes gazed into Harry\rquote s and it was almost as though an in\-visible beam of understanding shot between them.\par
\ldblquote The Reverse Spell effect?\rdblquote  said Sirius sharply.\par
\ldblquote Exactly,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Harry\rquote s wand and Voldemort\rquote s wand share cores. Each of them contains a feather from the tail of the same phoenix. \i This\i0  phoenix, in fact,\rdblquote  he added, and he pointed at the scarlet-and-gold bird, perching peacefully on Harry\rquote s knee.\par
\ldblquote My wand\rquote s feather came from Fawkes?\rdblquote  Harry said, amazed.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Mr. Ollivander wrote to tell me you had bought the second wand, the moment you left his shop four years ago.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So what happens when a wand meets its brother?\rdblquote  said Sirius.\par
\ldblquote They will not work properly against each other,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore. \ldblquote If, however, the owners of the wands force the wands to do battle \'85 a very rare effect will take place. One of the wands will force the other to regurgitate spells it has performed \emdash  in re\-verse. The most recent first \'85 and then those which preceded it. \'85\rdblquote\par
He looked interrogatively at Harry, and Harry nodded.\par
\ldblquote Which means,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore slowly, his eyes upon Harry\rquote s face, \ldblquote that some form of Cedric must have reappeared.\rdblquote\par
Harry nodded again.\par
\ldblquote Diggory came back to life?\rdblquote  said Sirius sharply.\par
\ldblquote No spell can reawaken the dead,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore heavily. \ldblquote All that would have happened is a kind of reverse echo. A shadow of the living Cedric would have emerged from the wand \'85 am I cor\-rect, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He spoke to me,\rdblquote  Harry said. He was suddenly shaking again. \ldblquote The \'85 the ghost Cedric, or whatever he was, spoke.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote An echo,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote which retained Cedric\rquote s appear\-ance and character. I am guessing other such forms appeared \'85 less recent victims of Voldemort\rquote s wand. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote An old man,\rdblquote  Harry said, his throat still constricted. \ldblquote Bertha Jorkins. And \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Your parents?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Sirius\rquote s grip on Harry\rquote s shoulder was now so tight it was painful.\par
\ldblquote The last murders the wand performed,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, nodding. \ldblquote In reverse order. More would have appeared, of course, had you maintained the connection. Very well, Harry, these echoes, these shadows \'85 what did they do?\rdblquote\par
Harry described how the figures that had emerged from the wand had prowled the edges of the golden web, how Voldemort had seemed to fear them, how the shadow of Harry\rquote s father had told him what to do, how Cedric\rquote s had made its final request.\par
At this point, Harry found he could not continue. He looked around at Sirius and saw that he had his face in his hands.\par
Harry suddenly became aware that Fawkes had left his knee. The phoenix had fluttered to the floor. It was resting its beautiful head against Harry\rquote s injured leg, and thick, pearly tears were falling from its eyes onto the wound left by the spider. The pain vanished. The skin mended. His leg was repaired.\par
\ldblquote I will say it again,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore as the phoenix rose into the air and resettled itself upon the perch beside the door. \ldblquote You have shown bravery beyond anything I could have expected of you tonight, Harry. You have shown bravery equal to those who died fighting Voldemort at the height of his powers. You have shoul\-dered a grown wizard\rquote s burden and found yourself equal to it \emdash  and you have now given us all that we have a right to expect. You will come with me to the hospital wing. I do not want you returning to the dormitory tonight. A Sleeping Potion, and some peace \'85 Sir\-ius, would you like to stay with him?\rdblquote\par
Sirius nodded and stood up. He transformed back into the great black dog and walked with Harry and Dumbledore out of the of\-fice, accompanying them down a flight of stairs to the hospital wing.\par
When Dumbledore pushed open the door, Harry saw Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Ron, and Hermione grouped around a harassed-looking Madam Pomfrey. They appeared to be demanding to know where Harry was and what had happened to him. All of them whipped around as Harry, Dumbledore, and the black dog en\-tered, and Mrs. Weasley let out a kind of muffled scream.\par
\ldblquote Harry! Oh Harry!\rdblquote\par
She started to hurry toward him, but Dumbledore moved be\-tween them.\par
\ldblquote Molly,\rdblquote  he said, holding up a hand, \ldblquote please listen to me for a moment. Harry has been through a terrible ordeal tonight. He has just had to relive it for me. What he needs now is sleep, and peace, and quiet. If he would like you all to stay with him,\rdblquote  he added, looking around at Ron, Hermione, and Bill too, \ldblquote you may do so. But I do not want you questioning him until he is ready to answer, and certainly not this evening.\rdblquote\par
Mrs. Weasley nodded. She was very white. She rounded on Ron, Hermione, and Bill as though they were being noisy, and hissed, \ldblquote Did you hear? He needs quiet!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Headmaster,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey, staring at the great black dog that was Sirius, \ldblquote may I ask what \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This dog will be remaining with Harry for a while,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore simply. \ldblquote I assure you, he is extremely well trained. Harry \emdash  I will wait while you get into bed.\rdblquote\par
Harry felt an inexpressible sense of gratitude to Dumbledore for asking the others not to question him. It wasn\rquote t as though he didn\rquote t want them there; but the thought of explaining it all over again, the idea of reliving it one more time, was more than he could stand.\par
\ldblquote I will be back to see you as soon as I have met with Fudge, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I would like you to remain here to\-morrow until I have spoken to the school.\rdblquote  He left.\par
As Madam Pomfrey led Harry to a nearby bed, he caught sight of the real Moody lying motionless in a bed at the far end of the room. His wooden leg and magical eye were lying on the bedside table.\par
\ldblquote Is he okay?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote ll be fine,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey, giving Harry some paja\-mas and pulling screens around him. He took off his robes, pulled on the pajamas, and got into bed. Ron, Hermione, Bill, Mrs. Weasley, and the black dog came around the screen and settled themselves in chairs on either side of him. Ron and Hermione were looking at him almost cautiously, as though scared of him.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m all right,\rdblquote  he told them. \ldblquote Just tired.\rdblquote\par
Mrs. Weasley\rquote s eyes filled with tears as she smoothed his bed\-covers unnecessarily.\par
Madam Pomfrey, who had bustled off to her office, returned holding a small bottle of some purple potion and a goblet.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll need to drink all of this, Harry,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote It\rquote s a potion for dreamless sleep.\rdblquote\par
Harry took the goblet and drank a few mouthfuls. He felt him\-self becoming drowsy at once. Everything around him became hazy; the lamps around the hospital wing seemed to be winking at him in a friendly way through the screen around his bed; his body felt as though it was sinking deeper into the warmth of the feather matress. Before he could finish the potion, before he could say an\-other word, his exhaustion had carried him off to sleep.\par
\par
Harry woke up, so warm, so very sleepy, that he didn\rquote t open his eyes, wanting to drop off again. The room was still dimly lit; he was sure it was still nighttime and had a feeling that he couldn\rquote t have been asleep very long.\par
Then he heard whispering around him.\par
\ldblquote They\rquote ll wake him if they don\rquote t shut up!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What are they shouting about? Nothing else can have hap\-pened, can it?\rdblquote\par
Harry opened his eyes blearily Someone had removed his glasses. He could see the fuzzy outlines of Mrs. Weasley and Bill close by. Mrs. Weasley was on her feet.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s Fudge\rquote s voice,\rdblquote  she whispered. \ldblquote And that\rquote s Minerva McGonagall\rquote s, isn\rquote t it? But what are they arguing about?\rdblquote\par
Now Harry could hear them too: people shouting and running toward the hospital wing.\par
\ldblquote Regrettable, but all the same, Minerva \emdash\rdblquote  Cornelius Fudge was saying loudly.\par
\ldblquote You should never have brought it inside the castle!\rdblquote  yelled Pro\-fessor McGonagall. \ldblquote When Dumbledore finds out \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry heard the hospital doors burst open. Unnoticed by any of the people around his bed, all of whom were staring at the door as Bill pulled back the screens, Harry sat up and put his glasses back on.\par
Fudge came striding up the ward. Professors McGonagall and Snape were at his heels.\par
\ldblquote Where\rquote s Dumbledore?\rdblquote  Fudge demanded of Mrs. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s not here,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley angrily. \ldblquote This is a hospital wing, Minister, don\rquote t you think you\rquote d do better to \emdash\rdblquote\par
But the door opened, and Dumbledore came sweeping up the ward.\par
\ldblquote What has happened?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore sharply, looking from Fudge to Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Why are you disturbing these people? Minerva, I\rquote m surprised at you \emdash  I asked you to stand guard over Barty Crouch \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There is no need to stand guard over him anymore, Dumble\-dore!\rdblquote  she shrieked. \ldblquote The Minister has seen to that!\rdblquote\par
Harry had never seen Professor McGonagall lose control like this. There were angry blotches of color in her cheeks, and her hands were balled into fists; she was trembling with fury.\par
\ldblquote When we told Mr. Fudge that we had caught the Death Eater responsible for tonight\rquote s events,\rdblquote  said Snape, in a low voice, \ldblquote he seemed to feel his personal safety was in question. He insisted on summoning a dementor to accompany him into the castle. He brought it up to the office where Barty Crouch \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I told him you would not agree, Dumbledore!\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall fumed. \ldblquote I told him you would never allow dementors to set foot inside the castle, but \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My dear woman!\rdblquote  roared Fudge, who likewise looked angrier than Harry had ever seen him, \ldblquote as Minister of Magic, it is my deci\-sion whether I wish to bring protection with me when interview\-ing a possibly dangerous \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Professor McGonagall\rquote s voice drowned Fudge\rquote s.\par
\ldblquote The moment that \emdash  that thing entered the room,\rdblquote  she screamed, pointing at Fudge, trembling all over, \ldblquote it swooped down on Crouch and \emdash  and \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry felt a chill in his stomach as Professor McGonagall strug\-gled to find words to describe what had happened. He did not need her to finish her sentence. He knew what the dementor must have done. It had administered its fatal kiss to Barty Crouch. It had sucked his soul out through his mouth. He was worse than dead.\par
\ldblquote By all accounts, he is no loss!\rdblquote  blustered Fudge. \ldblquote It seems he has been responsible for several deaths!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But he cannot now give testimony, Cornelius,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore. He was staring hard at Fudge, as though seeing him plainly for the first time. \ldblquote He cannot give evidence about why he killed those people.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why he killed them? Well, that\rquote s no mystery, is it?\rdblquote  blustered Fudge. \ldblquote He was a raving lunatic! From what Minerva and Severus have told me, he seems to have thought he was doing it all on You-Know-Who\rquote s instructions!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Lord Voldemort \i was\i0  giving him instructions, Cornelius,\rdblquote  Dumbledore said. \ldblquote Those people\rquote s deaths were mere by-products of a plan to restore Voldemort to full strength again. The plan suc\-ceeded. Voldemort has been restored to his body.\rdblquote\par
Fudge looked as though someone had just swung a heavy weight into his face. Dazed and blinking, he stared back at Dumbledore as if he couldn\rquote t quite believe what he had just heard. He began to sputter, still goggling at Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote You-Know-Who \'85 returned? Preposterous. Come now, Dum\-bledore \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote As Minerva and Severus have doubtless told you,\rdblquote  said Dumb\-ledore, \ldblquote we heard Barry Crouch confess. Under the influence of Veritaserum, he told us how he was smuggled out of Azkaban, and how Voldemort \emdash  learning of his continued existence from Bertha Jorkins \emdash  went to free him from his father and used him to cap\-ture Harry. The plan worked, I tell you. Crouch has helped Volde\-mort to return.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote See here, Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Fudge, and Harry was astonished to see a slight smile dawning on his face, \ldblquote you \emdash  you can\rquote t seri\-ously believe that. You-Know-Who \emdash  back? Come now, come now \'85 certainly, Crouch may have \i believed\i0  himself to be acting upon You-Know-Who\rquote s orders \emdash  but to take the word of a lunatic like that, Dumbledore \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote When Harry touched the Triwizard Cup tonight, he was trans\-ported straight to Voldemort,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore steadily. \ldblquote He wit\-nessed Lord Voldemort\rquote s rebirth. I will explain it all to you if you will step up to my office.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore glanced around at Harry and saw that he was awake, but shook his head and said, \ldblquote I am afraid I cannot permit you to question Harry tonight.\rdblquote\par
Fudge\rquote s curious smile lingered. He too glanced at Harry, then looked back at Dumbledore, and said, \ldblquote You are \emdash  er \emdash  prepared to take Harry\rquote s word on this, are you, Dumbledore?\rdblquote\par
There was a moment\rquote s silence, which was broken by Sirius growling. His hackles were raised, and he was baring his teeth at Fudge.\par
\ldblquote Certainly, I believe Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. His eyes were blazing now. \ldblquote I heard Crouch\rquote s confession, and I heard Harry\rquote s ac\-count of what happened after he touched the Triwizard Cup; the two stories make sense, they explain everything that has happened since Bertha Jorkins disappeared last summer.\rdblquote\par
Fudge still had that strange smile on his face. Once again, he glanced at Harry before answering.\par
\ldblquote You are prepared to believe that Lord Voldemort has returned, on the word of a lunatic murderer, and a boy who \'85 well \'85\rdblquote\par
Fudge shot Harry another look, and Harry suddenly under\-stood.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve been reading Rita Skeeter, Mr. Fudge,\rdblquote  he said quietly.\par
Ron, Hermione, Mrs. Weasley, and Bill all jumped. None of them had realized that Harry was awake.\par
Fudge reddened slightly, but a defiant and obstinate look came over his face.\par
\ldblquote And if I have?\rdblquote  he said, looking at Dumbledore. \ldblquote If I have dis\-covered that you\rquote ve been keeping certain facts about the boy very quiet? A Parselmouth, eh? And having funny turns all over the place \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I assume that you are referring to the pains Harry has been ex\-periencing in his scar?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore coolly.\par
\ldblquote You admit that he has been having these pains, then?\rdblquote  said Fudge quickly. \ldblquote Headaches? Nightmares? Possibly \emdash  hallucinations?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Listen to me, Cornelius,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, taking a step to\-ward Fudge, and once again, he seemed to radiate that indefinable sense of power that Harry had felt after Dumbledore had Stunned young Crouch. \ldblquote Harry is as sane as you or I. That scar upon his forehead has not addled his brains. I believe it hurts him when Lord Voldemort is close by, or feeling particularly murderous.\rdblquote\par
Fudge had taken half a step back from Dumbledore, but he looked no less stubborn.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll forgive me, Dumbledore, but I\rquote ve never heard of a curse scar acting as an alarm bell before. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Look, I saw Voldemort come back!\rdblquote  Harry shouted. He tried to get out of bed again, but Mrs. Weasley forced him back. \ldblquote I saw the Death Eaters! I can give you their names! Lucius Malfoy \emdash\rdblquote\par
Snape made a sudden movement, but as Harry looked at him, Snape\rquote s eyes flew back to Fudge.\par
\ldblquote Malfoy was cleared!\rdblquote  said Fudge, visibly affronted. \ldblquote A very old family \emdash  donations to excellent causes \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Macnair!\rdblquote  Harry continued.\par
\ldblquote Also cleared! Now working for the Ministry!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Avery \emdash  Nott \emdash  Crabbe \emdash  Goyle \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You are merely repeating the names of those who were acquit\-ted of being Death Eaters thirteen years ago!\rdblquote  said Fudge angrily. \ldblquote You could have found those names in old reports of the trials! For heaven\rquote s sake, Dumbledore \emdash  the boy was full of some crackpot story at the end of last year too \emdash  his tales are getting taller, and you\rquote re still swallowing them \emdash  the boy can talk to snakes, Dumb\-ledore, and you still think he\rquote s trustworthy?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You fool!\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall cried. \ldblquote Cedric Diggory! Mr. Crouch! These deaths were not the random work of a lunatic!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I see no evidence to the contrary!\rdblquote  shouted Fudge, now matching her anger, his face purpling. \ldblquote It seems to me that you are all determined to start a panic that will destabilize everything we have worked for these last thirteen years!\rdblquote\par
Harry couldn\rquote t believe what he was hearing. He had always thought of Fudge as a kindly figure, a little blustering, a little pompous, but essentially good-natured. But now a short, angry wizard stood before him, refusing, point-blank, to accept the prospect of disruption in his comfortable and ordered world \emdash  to believe that Voldemort could have risen.\par
\ldblquote Voldemort has returned,\rdblquote  Dumbledore repeated. \ldblquote If you accept that fact straightaway, Fudge, and take the necessary measures, we may still be able to save the situation. The first and most essential step is to remove Azkaban from the control of the dementors \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Preposterous!\rdblquote  shouted Fudge again. \ldblquote Remove the dementors? I\rquote d be kicked out of office for suggesting it! Half of us only feel safe in our beds at night because we know the dementors are standing guard at Azkaban!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The rest of us sleep less soundly in our beds, Cornelius, know\-ing that you have put Lord Voldemort\rquote s most dangerous support\-ers in the care of creatures who will join him the instant he asks them!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote They will not remain loyal to you, Fudge! Voldemort can offer them much more scope for their pow\-ers and their pleasures than you can! With the dementors behind him, and his old supporters returned to him, you will be hard-pressed to stop him regaining the sort of power he had thirteen years ago!\rdblquote\par
Fudge was opening and closing his mouth as though no words could express his outrage.\par
\ldblquote The second step you must take \emdash  and at once,\rdblquote  Dumbledore pressed on, \ldblquote is to send envoys to the giants.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Envoys to the giants?\rdblquote  Fudge shrieked, finding his tongue again. \ldblquote What madness is this?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Extend them the hand of friendship, now, before it is too late,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote or Voldemort will persuade them, as he did be\-fore, that he alone among wizards will give them their rights and their freedom!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You \emdash  you cannot be serious!\rdblquote  Fudge gasped, shaking his head and retreating further from Dumbledore. \ldblquote If the magical commu\-nity got wind that I had approached the giants \emdash  people hate them, Dumbledore \emdash  end of my career \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You are blinded,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, his voice rising now, the aura of power around him palpable, his eyes blazing once more, \ldblquote by the love of the office you hold, Cornelius! You place too much importance, and you always have done, on the so-called purity of blood! You fail to recognize that it matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be! Your dementor has just destroyed the last remaining member of a pure-blood family as old as any \emdash  and see what that man chose to make of his life! I tell you now \emdash  take the steps I have suggested, and you will be remembered, in office or out, as one of the bravest and greatest Ministers of Magic we have ever known. Fail to act \emdash  and history will remember you as the man who stepped aside and allowed Voldemort a second chance to destroy the world we have tried to rebuild!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Insane,\rdblquote  whispered Fudge, still backing away. \ldblquote Mad \'85\rdblquote\par
And then there was silence. Madam Pomfrey was standing frozen at the foot of Harry\rquote s bed, her hands over her mouth. Mrs. Weasley was still standing over Harry, her hand on his shoulder to prevent him from rising. Bill, Ron, and Hermione were staring at Fudge.\par
\ldblquote If your determination to shut your eyes will carry you as far as this, Cornelius,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote we have reached a parting of the ways. You must act as you see fit. And I \emdash  I shall act as I see fit.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore\rquote s voice carried no hint of a threat; it sounded like a mere statement, but Fudge bristled as though Dumbledore were advancing upon him with a wand.\par
\ldblquote Now, see here, Dumbledore,\rdblquote  he said, waving a threatening fin\-ger. \ldblquote I\rquote ve given you free rein, always. I\rquote ve had a lot of respect for you. I might not have agreed with some of your decisions, but I\rquote ve kept quiet. There aren\rquote t many who\rquote d have let you hire werewolves, or keep Hagrid, or decide what to teach your students without ref\-erence to the Ministry. But if you\rquote re going to work against me \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The only one against whom I intend to work,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore, \ldblquote is Lord Voldemort. If you are against him, then we remain, Cornelius, on the same side.\rdblquote\par
It seemed Fudge could think of no answer to this. He rocked backward and forward on his small feet for a moment and spun his bowler hat in his hands. Finally, he said, with a hint of a plea in his voice, \ldblquote He can\rquote t be back, Dumbledore, he just can\rquote t be \'85\rdblquote\par
Snape strode forward, past Dumbledore, pulling up the left sleeve of his robes as he went. He stuck out his forearm and showed it to Fudge, who recoiled.\par
\ldblquote There,\rdblquote  said Snape harshly. \ldblquote There. The Dark Mark. It is not as clear as it was an hour or so ago, when it burned black, but you can still see it. Every Death Eater had the sign burned into him by the Dark Lord. It was a means of distinguishing one another, and his means of summoning us to him. When he touched the Mark of any Death Eater, we were to Disapparate, and Apparate, instantly, at his side. This Mark has been growing clearer all year. Karkaroff\rquote s too. Why do you think Karkaroff fled tonight? We both felt the Mark burn. We both knew he had returned. Karkaroff fears the Dark Lord\rquote s vengeance. He betrayed too many of his fellow Death Eaters to be sure of a welcome back into the fold.\rdblquote\par
Fudge stepped back from Snape too. He was shaking his head. He did not seem to have taken in a word Snape had said. He stared, apparently repelled by the ugly mark on Snape\rquote s arm, then looked up at Dumbledore and whispered, \ldblquote I don\rquote t know what you and your staff are playing at, Dumbledore, but I have heard enough. I have no more to add. I will be in touch with you tomorrow, Dum\-bledore, to discuss the running of this school. I must return to the Ministry.\rdblquote\par
He had almost reached the door when he paused. He turned around, strode back down the dormitory, and stopped at Harry\rquote s bed.\par
\ldblquote Your winnings,\rdblquote  he said shortly, taking a large bag of gold out of his pocket and dropping it onto Harry\rquote s bedside table. \ldblquote One thousand Galleons. There should have been a presentation cere\-mony, but under the circumstances \'85\rdblquote\par
He crammed his bowler hat onto his head and walked out of the room, slamming the door behind him. The moment he had disap\-peared, Dumbledore turned to look at the group around Harry\rquote s bed.\par
\ldblquote There is work to be done,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Molly \'85 am I right in thinking that I can count on you and Arthur?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course you can,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. She was white to the lips, but she looked resolute. \ldblquote We know what Fudge is. It\rquote s Arthur\rquote s fondness for Muggles that has held him back at the Ministry all these years. Fudge thinks he lacks proper wizarding pride.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then I need to send a message to Arthur,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote All those that we can persuade of the truth must be notified im\-mediately, and he is well placed to contact those at the Ministry who are not as shortsighted as Cornelius.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll go to Dad,\rdblquote  said Bill, standing up. \ldblquote I\rquote ll go now.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Excellent,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Tell him what has happened. Tell him I will be in direct contact with him shortly. He will need to be dis\-creet, however. If Fudge thinks I am interfering at the Ministry \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Leave it to me,\rdblquote  said Bill.\par
He clapped a hand on Harry\rquote s shoulder, kissed his mother on the cheek, pulled on his cloak, and strode quickly from the room.\par
\ldblquote Minerva,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, turning to Professor McGonagall, \ldblquote I want to see Hagrid in my office as soon as possible. Also \emdash  if she will consent to come \emdash  Madame Maxime.\rdblquote\par
Professor McGonagall nodded and left without a word.\par
\ldblquote Poppy,\rdblquote  Dumbledore said to Madam Pomfrey, \ldblquote would you be very kind and go down to Professor Moody\rquote s office, where I think you will find a house-elf called Winky in considerable distress? Do what you can for her, and take her back to the kitchens. I think Dobby will look after her for us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Very \emdash  very well,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey, looking startled, and she too left.\par
Dumbledore made sure that the door was closed, and that Madam Pomfrey\rquote s footsteps had died away, before he spoke again.\par
\ldblquote And now,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote it is time for two of our number to recog\-nize each other for what they are. Sirius \'85 if you could resume your usual form.\rdblquote\par
The great black dog looked up at Dumbledore, then, in an in\-stant, turned back into a man.\par
Mrs. Weasley screamed and leapt back from the bed.\par
\ldblquote Sirius Black!\rdblquote  she shrieked, pointing at him.\par
\ldblquote Mum, shut up!\rdblquote  Ron yelled. \ldblquote It\rquote s okay!\rdblquote\par
Snape had not yelled or jumped backward, but the look on his face was one of mingled fury and horror.\par
\ldblquote Him!\rdblquote  he snarled, staring at Sirius, whose face showed equal dislike. \ldblquote What is he doing here?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He is here at my invitation,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, looking be\-tween them, \ldblquote as are you, Severus. I trust you both. It is time for you to lay aside your old differences and trust each other.\rdblquote\par
Harry thought Dumbledore was asking for a near miracle. Sirius and Snape were eyeing each other with the utmost loathing.\par
\ldblquote I will settle, in the short term,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, with a bite of impatience in his voice, \ldblquote for a lack of open hostility. You will shake hands. You are on the same side now. Time is short, and unless the few of us who know the truth do not stand united, there is no hope for any of us.\rdblquote\par
Very slowly \emdash  but still glaring at each other as though each wished the other nothing but ill \emdash  Sirius and Snape moved toward each other and shook hands. They let go extremely quickly.\par
\ldblquote That will do to be going on with,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, stepping between them once more. \ldblquote Now I have work for each of you. Fudge\rquote s attitude, though not unexpected, changes everything. Sir\-ius, I need you to set off at once. You are to alert Remus Lupin, Arabella Figg, Mundungus Fletcher \emdash  the old crowd. Lie low at Lupins for a while; I will contact you there.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
He wanted Sirius to stay. He did not want to have to say good\-bye again so quickly.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll see me very soon, Harry,\rdblquote  said Sirius, turning to him. \ldblquote I promise you. But I must do what I can, you understand, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Yeah \'85 of course I do.\rdblquote\par
Sirius grasped his hand briefly, nodded to Dumbledore, trans\-formed again into the black dog, and ran the length of the room to the door, whose handle he turned with a paw. Then he was gone.\par
\ldblquote Severus,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, turning to Snape, \ldblquote you know what I must ask you to do. If you are ready \'85 if you are prepared \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I am,\rdblquote  said Snape.\par
He looked slightly paler than usual, and his cold, black eyes glit\-tered strangely.\par
\ldblquote Then good luck,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and he watched, with a trace of apprehension on his face, as Snape swept wordlessly after Sirius.\par
It was several minutes before Dumbledore spoke again.\par
\ldblquote I must go downstairs,\rdblquote  he said finally. \ldblquote I must see the Diggorys. Harry \emdash  take the rest of your potion. I will see all of you later.\rdblquote\par
Harry slumped back against his pillows as Dumbledore disappeared. Hermione, Ron, and Mrs. Weasley were all looking at him. None of them spoke for a very long time.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve got to take the rest of your potion, Harry,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley said at last. Her hand nudged the sack of gold on his bedside cabi\-net as she reached for the bottle and the goblet. \ldblquote You have a good long sleep. Try and think about something else for a while \'85 think about what you\rquote re going to buy with your winnings!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t want that gold,\rdblquote  said Harry in an expressionless voice. \ldblquote You have it. Anyone can have it. I shouldn\rquote t have won it. It should\rquote ve been Cedric\rquote s.\rdblquote\par
The thing against which he had been fighting on and off ever since he had come out of the maze was threatening to overpower him. He could feel a burning, prickling feeling in the inner corners of his eyes. He blinked and stared up at the ceiling.\par
\ldblquote It wasn\rquote t your fault, Harry,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley whispered.\par
\ldblquote I told him to take the cup with me,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Now the burning feeling was in his throat too. He wished Ron would look away.\par
Mrs. Weasley set the potion down on the bedside cabinet, bent down, and put her arms around Harry. He had no memory of ever being hugged like this, as though by a mother. The full weight of everything he had seen that night seemed to fall in upon him as Mrs. Weasley held him to her. His mother\rquote s face, his father\rquote s voice, the sight of Cedric, dead on the ground all started spinning in his head until he could hardly bear it, until he was screwing up his face against the howl of misery fighting to get out of him.\par
There was a loud slamming noise, and Mrs. Weasley and Harry broke apart. Hermione was standing by the window. She was hold\-ing something tight in her hand.\par
\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  she whispered.\par
\ldblquote Your potion, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley quickly, wiping her eyes on the back of her hand.\par
Harry drank it in one gulp. The effect was instantaneous. Heavy, irresistible waves of dreamless sleep broke over him; he fell back onto his pillows and thought no more.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 37\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Beginning\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs20\par
When he looked back, even a month later, Harry found he had only scattered memories of the next few days. It was as though he had been through too much to take in any more. The recollections he did have were very painful. The worst, perhaps, was the meeting with the Diggorys that took place the following morning.\par
They did not blame him for what had happened; on the con\-trary, both thanked him for returning Cedric\rquote s body to them. Mr. Diggory sobbed through most of the interview. Mrs. Diggory\rquote s grief seemed to be beyond tears.\par
\ldblquote He suffered very little then,\rdblquote  she said, when Harry had told her how Cedric had died. \ldblquote And after all, Amos \'85 he died just when he\rquote d won the tournament. He must have been happy.\rdblquote\par
When they got to their feet, she looked down at Harry and said, \ldblquote You look after yourself, now.\rdblquote\par
Harry seized the sack of gold on the bedside table.\par
\ldblquote You take this,\rdblquote  he muttered to her. \ldblquote It should\rquote ve been Cedric\rquote s, he got there first, you take it \emdash\rdblquote\par
But she backed away from him.\par
\ldblquote Oh no, it\rquote s yours, dear, I couldn\rquote t \'85 you keep it.\rdblquote\par
\par
Harry returned to Gryffindor Tower the following evening. From what Hermione and Ron told him, Dumbledore had spoken to the school that morning at breakfast. He had merely requested that they leave Harry alone, that nobody ask him questions or badger him to tell the story of what had happened in the maze. Most peo\-ple, he noticed, were skirting him in the corridors, avoiding his eyes. Some whispered behind their hands as he passed. He guessed that many of them had believed Rita Skeeter\rquote s article about how disturbed and possibly dangerous he was. Perhaps they were for\-mulating their own theories about how Cedric had died. He found he didn\rquote t care very much. He liked it best when he was with Ron and Hermione and they were talking about other things, or else let\-ting him sit in silence while they played chess. He felt as though all three of them had reached an understanding they didn\rquote t need to put into words; that each was waiting for some sign, some word, of what was going on outside Hogwarts \emdash  and that it was useless to speculate about what might be coming until they knew anything for certain. The only time they touched upon the subject was when Ron told Harry about a meeting Mrs. Weasley had had with Dum\-bledore before going home.\par
\ldblquote She went to ask him if you could come straight to us this sum\-mer,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote But he wants you to go back to the Dursleys, at least at first.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote She said Dumbledore\rquote s got his reasons,\rdblquote  said Ron, shaking his head darkly. \ldblquote I suppose we\rquote ve got to trust him, haven\rquote t we?\rdblquote\par
The only person apart from Ron and Hermione that Harry felt able to talk to was Hagrid. As there was no longer a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, they had those lessons free. They used the one on Thursday afternoon to go down and visit Hagrid in his cabin. It was a bright and sunny day; Fang bounded out of the open door as they approached, barking and wagging his tail madly.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s that?\rdblquote  called Hagrid, coming to the door. \ldblquote\i Harry\i0 !\rdblquote\par
He strode out to meet them, pulled Harry into a one-armed hug, ruffled his hair, and said, \ldblquote Good ter see yeh, mate. Good ter see yeh.\rdblquote\par
They saw two bucket-size cups and saucers on the wooden table in front of the fireplace when they entered Hagrid\rquote s cabin.\par
\ldblquote Bin havin\rquote  a cuppa with Olympe,\rdblquote  Hagrid said. \ldblquote She\rquote s jus\rquote  left.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who?\rdblquote  said Ron curiously.\par
\ldblquote Madame Maxime, o\rquote  course!\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\par
\ldblquote You two made up, have you?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Dunno what yeh\rquote re talkin\rquote  about,\rdblquote  said Hagrid airily, fetching more cups from the dresser. When he had made tea and offered around a plate of doughy cookies, he leaned back in his chair and surveyed Harry closely through his beetle-black eyes.\par
\ldblquote You all righ\rquote ?\rdblquote  he said gruffly.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote No, yeh\rquote re not,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote  \rquote Course yeh\rquote re not. But yeh will be.\rdblquote\par
Harry said nothing.\par
\ldblquote Knew he was goin\rquote  ter come back,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked up at him, shocked. \ldblquote Known it fer years, Harry. Knew he was out there, bidin\rquote  his time. It had ter hap\-pen. Well, now it has, an\rquote  we\rquote ll jus\rquote  have ter get on with it. We\rquote ll fight. Migh\rquote  be able ter stop him before he gets a good hold. That\rquote s Dumbledore\rquote s plan, anyway. Great man, Dumbledore. \rquote S long as we\rquote ve got him, I\rquote m not too worried.\rdblquote\par
Hagrid raised his bushy eyebrows at the disbelieving expressions on their faces.\par
\ldblquote No good sittin\rquote  worryin\rquote  abou\rquote  it,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote What\rquote s comin\rquote  will come, an\rquote  we\rquote ll meet it when it does. Dumbledore told me wha\rquote  you did, Harry.\rdblquote\par
Hagrid\rquote s chest swelled as he looked at Harry.\par
\ldblquote Yeh did as much as yer father would\rquote ve done, an\rquote  I can\rquote  give yeh no higher praise than that.\rdblquote\par
Harry smiled back at him. It was the first time he\rquote d smiled in days. \ldblquote What\rquote s Dumbledore asked you to do, Hagrid?\rdblquote  he asked. \ldblquote He sent Professor McGonagall to ask you and Madame Maxime to meet him \emdash  that night.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Got a little job fer me over the summer,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Secret, though. I\rquote m not s\rquote pposed ter talk abou\rquote  it, no, not even ter you lot. Olympe \emdash  Madame Maxime ter you \emdash  might be comin\rquote  with me. I think she will. Think I got her persuaded.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Is it to do with Voldemort?\rdblquote\par
Hagrid flinched at the sound of the name.\par
\ldblquote Migh\rquote  be,\rdblquote  he said evasively. \ldblquote Now \'85 who\rquote d like ter come an\rquote  visit the las\rquote  skrewt with me? I was jokin\rquote  \emdash  jokin\rquote !\rdblquote  he added hastily, seeing the looks on their faces.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc *   *   *\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj It was with a heavy heart that Harry packed his trunk up in the dormitory on the night before his return to Privet Drive. He was dreading the Leaving Feast, which was usually a cause for celebra\-tion, when the winner of the Inter-House Championship would be announced. He had avoided being in the Great Hall when it was full ever since he had left the hospital wing, preferring to eat when it was nearly empty to avoid the stares of his fellow students.\par
When he, Ron, and Hermione entered the Hall, they saw at once that the usual decorations were missing. The Great Hall was normally decorated with the winning House\rquote s colors for the Leav\-ing Feast. Tonight, however, there were black drapes on the wall behind the teachers\rquote  table. Harry knew instantly that they were there as a mark of respect to Cedric.\par
The real Mad-Eye Moody was at the staff table now, his wooden leg and his magical eye back in place. He was extremely twitchy, jumping every time someone spoke to him. Harry couldn\rquote t blame him; Moody\rquote s fear of attack was bound to have been increased by his ten-month imprisonment in his own trunk. Professor Karkar\-off\rquote s chair was empty. Harry wondered, as he sat down with the other Gryffindors, where Karkaroff was now, and whether Volde\-mort had caught up with him.\par
Madame Maxime was still there. She was sitting next to Hagrid. They were talking quietly together. Further along the table, sitting next to Professor McGonagall, was Snape. His eyes lingered on Harry for a moment as Harry looked at him. His expression was difficult to read. He looked as sour and unpleasant as ever. Harry continued to watch him, long after Snape had looked away.\par
What was it that Snape had done on Dumbledore\rquote s orders, the night that Voldemort had returned? And why \'85 \i why\i0  \'85 was Dumbledore so convinced that Snape was truly on their side? He had been their spy, Dumbledore had said so in the Pensieve. Snape had turned spy against Voldemort, \ldblquote at great personal risk.\rdblquote  Was that the job he had taken up again? Had he made contact with the Death Eaters, perhaps? Pretended that he had never really gone over to Dumbledore, that he had been, like Voldemort himself, biding his time?\par
Harry\rquote s musings were ended by Professor Dumbledore, who stood up at the staff table. The Great Hall, which in any case had been less noisy than it usually was at the Leaving Feast, became very quiet.\par
\ldblquote The end,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, looking around at them all, \ldblquote of another year.\rdblquote\par
He paused, and his eyes fell upon the Hufflepuff table. Theirs had been the most subdued table before he had gotten to his feet, and theirs were still the saddest and palest faces in the Hall.\par
\ldblquote There is much that I would like to say to you all tonight,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote but I must first acknowledge the loss of a very fine person, who should be sitting here,\rdblquote  he gestured toward the Huf\-flepuffs, \ldblquote enjoying our feast with us. I would like you all, please, to stand, and raise your glasses, to Cedric Diggory.\rdblquote\par
They did it, all of them; the benches scraped as everyone in the Hall stood, and raised their goblets, and echoed, in one loud, low, rumbling voice, \ldblquote Cedric Diggory.\rdblquote\par
Harry caught a glimpse of Cho through the crowd. There were tears pouring silently down her face. He looked down at the table as they all sat down again.\par
\ldblquote Cedric was a person who exemplified many of the qualities that distinguish Hufflepuff house,\rdblquote  Dumbledore continued. \ldblquote He was a good and loyal friend, a hard worker, he valued fair play. His death has affected you all, whether you knew him well or not. I think that you have the right, therefore, to know exactly how it came about.\rdblquote\par
Harry raised his head and stared at Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord Voldemort.\rdblquote\par
A panicked whisper swept the Great Hall. People were staring at Dumbledore in disbelief, in horror. He looked perfectly calm as he watched them mutter themselves into silence.\par
\ldblquote The Ministry of Magic,\rdblquote  Dumbledore continued, \ldblquote does not wish me to tell you this. It is possible that some of your parents will be horrified that I have done so \emdash  either because they will not be\-lieve that Lord Voldemort has returned, or because they think I should not tell you so, young as you are. It is my belief, however, that the truth is generally preferable to lies, and that any attempt to pretend that Cedric died as the result of an accident, or some sort of blunder of his own, is an insult to his memory.\rdblquote\par
Stunned and frightened, every face in the Hall was turned toward Dumbledore now \'85 or almost every face. Over at the Slytherin table, Harry saw Draco Malfoy muttering something to Crabbe and Goyle. Harry felt a hot, sick swoop of anger in his stomach. He forced himself to look back at Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote There is somebody else who must be mentioned in connection with Cedric\rquote s death,\rdblquote  Dumbledore went on. \ldblquote I am talking, of course, about Harry Potter.\rdblquote\par
A kind of ripple crossed the Great Hall as a few heads turned in Harry\rquote s direction before flicking back to face Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter managed to escape Lord Voldemort,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore. \ldblquote He risked his own life to return Cedric\rquote s body to Hog\-warts. He showed, in every respect, the sort of bravery that few wizards have ever shown in facing Lord Voldemort, and for this, I honor him.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore turned gravely to Harry and raised his goblet once more. Nearly everyone in the Great Hall followed suit. They mur\-mured his name, as they had murmured Cedric\rquote s, and drank to him. But through a gap in the standing figures, Harry saw that Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle, and many of the other Slytherins had remained defiantly in their seats, their goblets untouched. Dumb\-ledore, who after all possessed no magical eye, did not see them.\par
When everyone had once again resumed their seats, Dumble\-dore continued, \ldblquote The Triwizard Tournament\rquote s aim was to further and promote magical understanding. In the light of what has hap\-pened \emdash  of Lord Voldemort\rquote s return \emdash  such ties are more impor\-tant than ever before.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore looked from Madame Maxime and Hagrid, to Fleur Delacour and her fellow Beauxbatons students, to Viktor Krum and the Durmstrangs at the Slytherin table. Krum, Harry saw, looked wary, almost frightened, as though he expected Dum\-bledore to say something harsh.\par
\ldblquote Every guest in this Hall,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and his eyes lin\-gered upon the Durmstrang students, \ldblquote will be welcomed back here at any time, should they wish to come. I say to you all, once again \emdash  in the light of Lord Voldemort\rquote s return, we are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided. Lord Volde\-mort\rquote s gift for spreading discord and enmity is very great. We can fight it only by showing an equally strong bond of friendship and trust. Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open.\par
\ldblquote It is my belief \emdash  and never have I so hoped that I am mis\-taken \emdash  that we are all facing dark and difficult times. Some of you in this Hall have already suffered directly at the hands of Lord Voldemort. Many of your families have been torn asunder. A week ago, a student was taken from our midst.\par
\ldblquote Remember Cedric. Remember, if the time should come when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy, remember what happened to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort. Re\-member Cedric Diggory.\rdblquote\par
\par
Harry\rquote s trunk was packed; Hedwig was back in her cage on top of it. He, Ron, and Hermione were waiting in the crowded entrance hall with the rest of the fourth years for the carriages that would take them back to Hogsmeade station. It was another beautiful summer\rquote s day. He supposed that Privet Drive would be hot and leafy, its flower beds a riot of color, when he arrived there that evening. The thought gave him no pleasure at all.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Arry!\rdblquote\par
He looked around. Fleur Delacour was hurrying up the stone steps into the castle. Beyond her, far across the grounds, Harry could see Hagrid helping Madame Maxime to back two of the gi\-ant horses into their harness. The Beauxbatons carriage was about to take off.\par
\ldblquote We will see each uzzer again, I \rquote ope,\rdblquote  said Fleur as she reached him, holding out her hand. \ldblquote I am \rquote oping to get a job \rquote ere, to im\-prove my Eenglish.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s very good already,\rdblquote  said Ron in a strangled sort of voice. Fleur smiled at him; Hermione scowled.\par
\ldblquote Good-bye, \rquote Arry,\rdblquote  said Fleur, turning to go. \ldblquote It \rquote az been a plea\-sure meeting you!\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s spirits couldn\rquote t help but lift slightly as he watched Fleur hurry back across the lawns to Madame Maxime, her silvery hair rippling in the sunlight.\par
\ldblquote Wonder how the Durmstrang students are getting back,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote D\rquote you reckon they can steer that ship without Karkaroff?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Karkaroff did not steer,\rdblquote  said a gruff voice. \ldblquote He stayed in his cabin and let us do the vork.\rdblquote\par
Krum had come to say good-bye to Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Could I have a vord?\rdblquote  he asked her.\par
\ldblquote Oh \'85 yes \'85 all right,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking slightly flus\-tered, and following Krum through the crowd and out of sight.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d better hurry up!\rdblquote  Ron called loudly after her. \ldblquote The car\-riages\rquote ll be here in a minute!\rdblquote\par
He let Harry keep a watch for the carriages, however, and spent the next few minutes craning his neck over the crowd to try and see what Krum and Hermione might be up to. They returned quite soon. Ron stared at Hermione, but her face was quite impassive.\par
\ldblquote I liked Diggory,\rdblquote  said Krum abruptly to Harry. \ldblquote He vos alvays polite to me. Alvays. Even though I vos from Durmstrang \emdash  with Karkaroff,\rdblquote  he added, scowling.\par
\ldblquote Have you got a new headmaster yet?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Krum shrugged. He held out his hand as Fleur had done, shook Harry\rquote s hand, and then Ron\rquote s. Ron looked as though he was suffer\-ing some sort of painful internal struggle. Krum had already started walking away when Ron burst out, \ldblquote Can I have your autograph?\rdblquote\par
Hermione turned away, smiling at the horseless carriages that were now trundling toward them up the drive, as Krum, looking surprised but gratified, signed a fragment of parchment for Ron.\par
\par
The weather could not have been more different on the journey back to King\rquote s Cross than it had been on their way to Hogwarts the previous September. There wasn\rquote t a single cloud in the sky. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had managed to get a compartment to them\-selves. Pigwidgeon was once again hidden under Ron\rquote s dress robes to stop him from hooting continually; Hedwig was dozing, her head under her wing, and Crookshanks was curled up in a spare seat like a large, furry ginger cushion. Harry, Ron, and Hermione talked more fully and freely than they had all week as the train sped them southward. Harry felt as though Dumbledore\rquote s speech at the Leaving Feast had unblocked him, somehow. It was less painful to discuss what had happened now. They broke off their conversation about what action Dumbledore might be taking, even now, to stop Voldemort only when the lunch trolley arrived.\par
When Hermione returned from the trolley and put her money back into her schoolbag, she dislodged a copy of the \i Daily Prophet \i0 that she had been carrying in there. Harry looked at it, unsure whether he really wanted to know what it might say, but Hermi\-one, seeing him looking at it, said calmly, \ldblquote There\rquote s nothing in there. You can look for yourself, but there\rquote s nothing at all. I\rquote ve been checking every day. Just a small piece the day after the third task saying you won the tournament. They didn\rquote t even mention Cedric. Nothing about any of it. If you ask me, Fudge is forcing them to keep quiet.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote ll never keep Rita quiet,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Not on a story like this.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, Rita hasn\rquote t written anything at all since the third task,\rdblquote  said Hermione in an oddly constrained voice. \ldblquote As a matter of fact,\rdblquote  she added, her voice now trembling slightly, \ldblquote Rita Skeeter isn\rquote t going to be writing anything at all for a while. Not unless she wants me to spill the beans on \i her.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What are you talking about?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote I found out how she was listening in on private conversations when she wasn\rquote t supposed to be coming onto the grounds,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a rush.\par
Harry had the impression that Hermione had been dying to tell them this for days, but that she had restrained herself in light of everything else that had happened.\par
\ldblquote How was she doing it?\rdblquote  said Harry at once.\par
\ldblquote How did you find out?\rdblquote  said Ron, staring at her.\par
\ldblquote Well, it was you, really, who gave me the idea, Harry,\rdblquote  she said.\par
\ldblquote Did I?\rdblquote  said Harry, perplexed. \ldblquote How?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Bugging,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione happily.\par
\ldblquote But you said they didn\rquote t work \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh not \i electronic\i0  bugs,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote No, you see \'85 Rita Skeeter\rdblquote  \emdash  Hermione\rquote s voice trembled with quiet triumph \emdash  \ldblquote is an unregistered Animagus. She can turn \emdash\rdblquote\par
Hermione pulled a small sealed glass jar out of her bag.\par
\ldblquote\emdash  into a beetle.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re kidding,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t \'85 she\rquote s not \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh yes she is,\rdblquote  said Hermione happily, brandishing the jar at them.\par
Inside were a few twigs and leaves and one large, fat beetle.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s never \emdash  you\rquote re kidding \emdash\rdblquote  Ron whispered, lifting the jar to his eyes.\par
\ldblquote No, I\rquote m not,\rdblquote  said Hermione, beaming. \ldblquote I caught her on the windowsill in the hospital wing. Look very closely, and you\rquote ll no\-tice the markings around her antennae are exactly like those foul glasses she wears.\rdblquote\par
Harry looked and saw that she was quite right. He also remem\-bered something.\par
\ldblquote There was a beetle on the statue the night we heard Hagrid telling Madame Maxime about his mum!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Exactly,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote And Viktor pulled a beetle out of my hair after we\rquote d had our conversation by the lake. And unless I\rquote m very much mistaken, Rita was perched on the windowsill of the Divination class the day your scar hurt. She\rquote s been buzzing around for stories all year.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote When we saw Malfoy under that tree \'85\rdblquote  said Ron slowly.\par
\ldblquote He was talking to her, in his hand,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote He knew, of course. That\rquote s how she\rquote s been getting all those nice little inter\-views with the Slytherins. They wouldn\rquote t care that she was doing something illegal, as long as they were giving her horrible stuff about us and Hagrid.\rdblquote\par
Hermione took the glass jar back from Ron and smiled at the beetle, which buzzed angrily against the glass.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve told her I\rquote ll let her out when we get back to London,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I\rquote ve put an Unbreakable Charm on the jar, you see, so she can\rquote t transform. And I\rquote ve told her she\rquote s to keep her quill to her\-self for a whole year. See if she can\rquote t break the habit of writing hor\-rible lies about people.\rdblquote\par
Smiling serenely, Hermione placed the beetle back inside her schoolbag.\par
The door of the compartment slid open.\par
\ldblquote Very clever, Granger,\rdblquote  said Draco Malfoy.\par
Crabbe and Goyle were standing behind him. All three of them looked more pleased with themselves, more arrogant and more menacing, than Harry had ever seen them.\par
\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Malfoy slowly, advancing slightly into the compart\-ment and looking slowly around at them, a smirk quivering on his lips. \ldblquote You caught some pathetic reporter, and Potter\rquote s Dumble\-dore\rquote s favorite boy again. Big deal.\rdblquote\par
His smirk widened. Crabbe and Goyle leered.\par
\ldblquote Trying not to think about it, are we?\rdblquote  said Malfoy softly, look\-ing around at all three of them. \ldblquote Trying to pretend it hasn\rquote t happened?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Get out,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
He had not been this close to Malfoy since he had watched him muttering to Crabbe and Goyle during Dumbledore\rquote s speech about Cedric. He could feel a kind of ringing in his ears. His hand gripped his wand under his robes.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve picked the losing side, Potter! I warned you! I told you you ought to choose your company more carefully, remember? When we met on the train, first day at Hogwarts? I told you not to hang around with riffraff like this!\rdblquote  He jerked his head at Ron and Hermione. \ldblquote Too late now, Potter! They\rquote ll be the first to go, now the Dark Lord\rquote s back! Mudbloods and Muggle-lovers first! Well \emdash  sec\-ond \emdash  Diggory was the f \emdash\rdblquote\par
It was as though someone had exploded a box of fireworks within the compartment. Blinded by the blaze of the spells that had blasted from every direction, deafened by a series of bangs, Harry blinked and looked down at the floor.\par
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were all lying unconscious in the doorway. He, Ron, and Hermione were on their feet, all three of them having used a different hex. Nor were they the only ones to have done so.\par
\ldblquote Thought we\rquote d see what those three were up to,\rdblquote  said Fred matter-of-factly, stepping onto Goyle and into the compartment. He had his wand out, and so did George, who was careful to tread on Mal\-foy as he followed Fred inside.\par
\ldblquote Interesting effect,\rdblquote  said George, looking down at Crabbe. \ldblquote Who used the Furnunculus Curse?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Me,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Odd,\rdblquote  said George lightly. \ldblquote I used Jelly-Legs. Looks as though those two shouldn\rquote t be mixed. He seems to have sprouted little ten\-tacles all over his face. Well, let\rquote s not leave them here, they don\rquote t add much to the decor.\rdblquote\par
Ron, Harry, and George kicked, rolled, and pushed the uncon\-scious Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle \emdash  each of whom looked dis\-tinctly the worse for the jumble of jinxes with which they had been hit \emdash  out into the corridor, then came back into the compartment and rolled the door shut.\par
\ldblquote Exploding Snap, anyone?\rdblquote  said Fred, pulling out a pack of cards.\par
They were halfway through their fifth game when Harry de\-cided to ask them.\par
\ldblquote You going to tell us, then?\rdblquote  he said to George. \ldblquote Who you were blackmailing?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said George darkly. \ldblquote\i That.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t matter,\rdblquote  said Fred, shaking his head impatiently. \ldblquote It wasn\rquote t anything important. Not now, anyway.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ve given up,\rdblquote  said George, shrugging.\par
But Harry, Ron, and Hermione kept on asking, and finally, Fred said, \ldblquote All right, all right, if you really want to know \'85 it was Ludo Bagman.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Bagman?\rdblquote  said Harry sharply. \ldblquote Are you saying he was involved in \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nah,\rdblquote  said George gloomily. \ldblquote Nothing like that. Stupid git. He wouldn\rquote t have the brains.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, what, then?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
Fred hesitated, then said, \ldblquote You remember that bet we had with him at the Quidditch World Cup? About how Ireland would win, but Krum would get the Snitch?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron slowly.\par
\ldblquote Well, the git paid us in leprechaun gold he\rquote d caught from the Irish mascots.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Fred impatiently, \ldblquote it vanished, didn\rquote t it? By next morning, it had gone!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But \emdash  it must\rquote ve been an accident, mustn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
George laughed very bitterly.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote s what we thought, at first. We thought if we just wrote to him, and told him he\rquote d made a mistake, he\rquote d cough up. But nothing doing. Ignored our letter. We kept trying to talk to him about it at Hogwarts, but he was always making some excuse to get away from us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote In the end, he turned pretty nasty,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote Told us we were too young to gamble, and he wasn\rquote t giving us anything.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So we asked for our money back,\rdblquote  said George glowering.\par
\ldblquote He didn\rquote t refuse!\rdblquote  gasped Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Right in one,\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
\ldblquote But that was all your savings!\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Tell me about it,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote  \rquote Course, we found out what was going on in the end. Lee Jordan\rquote s dad had had a bit of trouble getting money off Bagman as well. Turns out he\rquote s in big trouble with the goblins. Borrowed loads of gold off them. A gang of them cornered him in the woods after the World Cup and took all the gold he had, and it still wasn\rquote t enough to cover all his debts. They followed him all the way to Hogwarts to keep an eye on him. He\rquote s lost everything gambling. Hasn\rquote t got two Galleons to rub together. And you know how the idiot tried to pay the goblins back?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote He put a bet on you, mate,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote Put a big bet on you to win the tournament. Bet against the goblins.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So \i that\rquote s\i0  why he kept trying to help me win!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Well \emdash  I did win, didn\rquote t I? So he can pay you your gold!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nope,\rdblquote  said George, shaking his head. \ldblquote The goblins play as dirty as him. They say you drew with Diggory, and Bagman was betting you\rquote d win outright. So Bagman had to run for it. He did run for it right after the third task.\rdblquote\par
George sighed deeply and started dealing out the cards again.\par
The rest of the journey passed pleasantly enough; Harry wished it could have gone on all summer, in fact, and that he would never arrive at King\rquote s Cross \'85 but as he had learned the hard way that year, time will not slow down when something unpleasant lies ahead, and all too soon, the Hogwarts Express was pulling in at platform nine and three-quarters. The usual confusion and noise filled the corridors as the students began to disembark. Ron and Hermione struggled out past Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, carrying their trunks. Harry, however, stayed put.\par
\ldblquote Fred \emdash  George \emdash  wait a moment.\rdblquote\par
The twins turned. Harry pulled open his trunk and drew out his Triwizard winnings.\par
\ldblquote Take it,\rdblquote  he said, and he thrust the sack into George\rquote s hands.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Fred, looking flabbergasted.\par
\ldblquote Take it,\rdblquote  Harry repeated firmly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re mental,\rdblquote  said George, trying to push it back at Harry.\par
\ldblquote No, I\rquote m not,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You take it, and get inventing. It\rquote s for the joke shop.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He \i is\i0  mental,\rdblquote  Fred said in an almost awed voice.\par
\ldblquote Listen,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly. \ldblquote If you don\rquote t take it, I\rquote m throwing it down the drain. I don\rquote t want it and I don\rquote t need it. But I could do with a few laughs. We could all do with a few laughs. I\rquote ve got a feel\-ing we\rquote re going to need them more than usual before long.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said George weakly, weighing the money bag in his hands, \ldblquote there\rquote s got to be a thousand Galleons in here.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning. \ldblquote Think how many Canary Creams that is.\rdblquote\par
The twins stared at him.\par
\ldblquote Just don\rquote t tell your mum where you got it \'85 although she might not be so keen for you to join the Ministry anymore, come to think of it. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  Fred began, but Harry pulled out his wand.\par
\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  he said flatly, \ldblquote take it, or I\rquote ll hex you. I know some good ones now. Just do me one favor, okay? Buy Ron some different dress robes and say they\rquote re from you.\rdblquote\par
He left the compartment before they could say another word, stepping over Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were still lying on the floor, covered in hex marks.\par
Uncle Vernon was waiting beyond the barrier. Mrs. Weasley was close by him. She hugged Harry very tightly when she saw him and whispered in his ear, \ldblquote I think Dumbledore will let you come to us later in the summer. Keep in touch, Harry.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote See you, Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron, clapping him on the back.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Bye, Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione, and she did something she had never done before, and kissed him on the cheek.\par
\ldblquote Harry \emdash  thanks,\rdblquote  George muttered, while Fred nodded fer\-vently at his side.\par
Harry winked at them, turned to Uncle Vernon, and followed him silently from the station. There was no point worrying yet, he told himself, as he got into the back of the Dursleys\rquote  car.\par
As Hagrid had said, what would come, would come \'85 and he would have to meet it when it did.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
}
 