{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qc\f0\fs36 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows\par
\fs24 by\par
\fs32 J. K. Rowling\par
Illustrations By Mary Grandpr\'e9\par
\fs24\par
Arthur A. Levine Books\par
An Imprint Of Scholastic Press.\par
\par
\i The dedication of this book is split seven ways:\par
To Neil,\par
To Jessica,\par
To David,\par
To Kenzie,\par
To Di,\par
To Anne,\par
And to you, if you have stuck with Harry until the very end.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\lang1033\i0\fs22\par
Text copyright \'a9 2007 by J. K. Rowling\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Illustrations by Mary GrandPr\'e9 copyright \'a9 2007 by Warner Bros.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 HARRY POTTER & all related characters and elements are tm of and \'a9 WBEI.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry Potter Publishing Rights \'a9 J. K. Rowling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All rights reserved. Published by Arthur A. Levine Books,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 an imprint of Scholastic Inc., \i Publishers since 1920.\par
\i0 scholastic, the lantern logo, and associated logos are\par
trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Scholastic Inc.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Libation Bearers\rdblquote  by Aeschylus, from THE ORESTEIA by Aeschylus,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 translated by Robert Fagles, copyright \'a9 1966,\lang3081  \lang1033 1967,\lang3081  \lang1033 1975,\lang3081  \lang1033 1977 by Robert Fagles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Used by permission of Viking Penguin, a division of Penguin Group (USA) Inc.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote More Fruits of Solitude,\rdblquote  reprinted from William Penn, \i Fruits of Solitude, \i0 Vol I.,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Part 3, the Harvard Classics (New York: P.F. Collier & Son, 1909-14).\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No part of this publication may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted\lang3081\par
\lang1033 in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 without written permission of the publisher. For information regarding permission, write to\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scholastic Inc., Attention: Permissions Department, 557 Broadway, New York, NY 10012.\par
\par
\par
Library of Congress Control Number: 2007925449\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 ISBN-13: 978-0-545-02936-0\par
ISBN-10: 0-545-02936-8\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 10  9  8  7  6  5  4  3  2  1      07  08  09  10  11\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Printed in the U.S.A.       23\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Reinforced library edition, July 2007\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Dark Lord Ascending\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
The two men appeared out of nowhere, a few yards apart in the narrow, moonlit lane. For a second they stood quite still, wands directed at each other\rquote s chests; then, recognizing each other, they stowed their wands beneath their cloaks and started walking briskly in the same direction.\par
\ldblquote News?\rdblquote  asked the taller of the two.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The best,\rdblquote  replied Severus Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The lane was bordered on the left by wild, low-growing brambles, on the right by a high, neatly manicured hedge. The men\rquote s long cloaks flapped around their ankles as they marched.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thought I might be late,\rdblquote  said Yaxley, his blunt features slid\-ing in and out of sight as the branches of overhanging trees broke the moonlight. \ldblquote It was a little trickier than I expected. But I hope he will be satisfied. You sound confident that your reception will be good?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape nodded, but did not elaborate. They turned right, into a\lang3081  \lang1033 wide driveway that led off the lane. The high hedge curved with them, running off into the distance beyond the pair of impressive wrought-iron gates barring the men\rquote s way. Neither of them broke step: In silence both raised their left arms in a kind of salute and passed straight through, as though the dark metal were smoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The yew hedges muffled the sound of the men\rquote s footsteps. There was a rustle somewhere to their right: Yaxley drew his wand again, pointing it over his companion\rquote s head, but the source of the noise proved to be nothing more than a pure-white peacock, strutting majestically along the top of the hedge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He always did himself well, Lucius. \i Peacocks\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  Yaxley thrust his wand back under his cloak with a snort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A handsome manor house grew out of the darkness at the end of the straight drive, lights glinting in the diamond-paned downstairs windows. Somewhere in the dark garden beyond the hedge a foun\-tain was playing. Gravel crackled beneath their feet as Snape and Yaxley sped toward the front door, which swung inward at their approach, though nobody had visibly opened it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The hallway was large, dimly lit, and sumptuously decorated, with a magnificent carpet covering most of the stone floor. The eyes of the pale-faced portraits on the walls followed Snape and Yaxley as they strode past. The two men halted at a heavy wooden door leading into the next room, hesitated for the space of a heartbeat, then Snape turned the bronze handle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The drawing room was full of silent people, sitting at a long and ornate table. The room\rquote s usual furniture had been pushed carelessly up against the walls. Illumination came from a roaring fire beneath a handsome marble mantelpiece surmounted by a gilded mirror. Snape and Yaxley lingered for a moment on the threshold. As their\lang3081  \lang1033 eyes grew accustomed to the lack of light, they were drawn upward to the strangest feature of the scene: an apparently unconscious hu\-man figure hanging upside down over the table, revolving slowly as if suspended by an invisible rope, and reflected in the mirror and in the bare, polished surface of the table below. None of the people seated underneath this singular sight was looking at it except for a pale young man sitting almost directly below it. He seemed unable to prevent himself from glancing upward every minute or so.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yaxley. Snape,\rdblquote  said a high, clear voice from the head of the table. \ldblquote You are very nearly late.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The speaker was seated directly in front of the fireplace, so that it was difficult, at first, for the new arrivals to make out more than his silhouette. As they drew nearer, however, his face shone through the gloom, hairless, snakelike, with slits for nostrils and gleaming red eyes whose pupils were vertical. He was so pale that he seemed to emit a pearly glow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus, here,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, indicating the seat on his im\-mediate right. \ldblquote Yaxley \emdash  beside Dolohov.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The two men took their allotted places. Most of the eyes around the table followed Snape, and it was to him that Voldemort spoke first.\par
\ldblquote So?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord, the Order of the Phoenix intends to move Harry Pot\-ter from his current place of safety on Saturday next, at nightfall.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The interest around the table sharpened palpably: Some stiffened, others fidgeted, all gazing at Snape and Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Saturday \'85 at nightfall,\rdblquote  repeated Voldemort. His red eyes fas\-tened upon Snape\rquote s black ones with such intensity that some of the watchers looked away, apparently fearful that they themselves would\lang3081  \lang1033 be scorched by the ferocity of the gaze. Snape, however, looked calmly back into Voldemort\rquote s face and, after a moment or two, Vol\-demort\rquote s lipless mouth curved into something like a smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good. Very good. And this information comes \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  from the source we discussed,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yaxley had leaned forward to look down the long table at Volde\-mort and Snape. All faces turned to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord, I have heard differently.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yaxley waited, but Voldemort did not speak, so he went on, \ldblquote Dawlish, the Auror, let slip that Potter will not be moved until the thirtieth, the night before the boy turns seventeen.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape was smiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My source told me that there are plans to lay a false trail; this must be it. No doubt a Confundus Charm has been placed upon Dawlish. It would not be the first time; he is known to be susceptible.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I assure you, my Lord, Dawlish seemed quite certain,\rdblquote  said Yaxley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If he has been Confunded, naturally he is certain,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote I assure \i you,\i0  Yaxley, the Auror Office will play no further part in the protection of Harry Potter. The Order believes that we have infiltrated the Ministry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Order\rquote s got one thing right, then, eh?\rdblquote  said a squat man sit\-ting a short distance from Yaxley; he gave a wheezy giggle that was echoed here and there along the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort did not laugh. His gaze had wandered upward to the body revolving slowly overhead, and he seemed to be lost in thought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord,\rdblquote  Yaxley went on, \ldblquote Dawlish believes an entire party of Aurors will be used to transfer the boy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort held up a large white hand, and Yaxley subsided at once, watching resentfully as Voldemort turned back to Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are they going to hide the boy next?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At the home of one of the Order,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote The place, accord\-ing to the source, has been given every protection that the Order and Ministry together could provide. I think that there is little chance of taking him once he is there, my Lord, unless, of course, the Ministry has fallen before next Saturday, which might give us the opportunity to discover and undo enough of the enchantments to break through the rest.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Yaxley?\rdblquote  Voldemort called down the table, the firelight glinting strangely in his red eyes. \ldblquote\i Will\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 the Ministry have fallen by next Saturday?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once again, all heads turned. Yaxley squared his shoulders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord, I have good news on that score. I have \emdash  with dif\-ficulty, and after great effort \emdash  suceeded in placing an Imperius Curse upon Pius Thicknesse.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Many of those sitting around Yaxley looked impressed; his neigh\-bor, Dolohov, a man with a long, twisted face, clapped him on the back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is a start,\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote But Thicknesse is only one man. Scrimgeour must be surrounded by our people before I act. One failed attempt on the Minister\rquote s life will set me back a long way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \emdash  my Lord, that is true \emdash  but you know, as Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Thicknesse has regular contact not only with the Minister himself, but also with the Heads\lang3081  \lang1033 of all the other Ministry departments. It will, I think, be easy now that we have such a high-ranking official under our control, to subjugate the others, and then they can all work together to bring Scrimgeour down.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As long as our friend Thicknesse is not discovered before he has converted the rest,\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote At any rate, it remains unlikely that the Ministry will be mine before next Saturday. If we cannot touch the boy at his destination, then it must be done while he travels.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We are at an advantage there, my Lord,\rdblquote  said Yaxley, who seemed determined to receive some portion of approval. \ldblquote We now have several people planted within the Department of Magical Trans\-port. If Potter Apparates or uses the Floo Network, we shall know immediately.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He will not do either,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote The Order is eschewing any form of transport that is controlled or regulated by the Ministry; they mistrust everything to do with the place.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All the better,\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote He will have to move in the open. Easier to take, by far.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Again, Voldemort looked up at the slowly revolving body as he went on, \ldblquote I shall attend to the boy in person. There have been too many mistakes where Harry Potter is concerned. Some of them have been my own. That Potter lives is due more to my errors than to his triumphs.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The company around the table watched Voldemort apprehen\-sively, each of them, by his or her expression, afraid that they might be blamed for Harry Potter\rquote s continued existence. Voldemort, how\-ever, seemed to be speaking more to himself than to any of them, still addressing the unconscious body above him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have been careless, and so have been thwarted by luck and chance, those wreckers of all but the best-laid plans. But I know bet\-ter now. I understand those things that I did not understand before. I must be the one to kill Harry Potter, and I shall be.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At these words, seemingly in response to them, a sudden wail sounded, a terrible, drawn-out cry of misery and pain. Many of those at the table looked downward, startled, for the sound had seemed to issue from below their feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wormtail,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, with no change in his quiet, thoughtful tone, and without removing his eyes from the revolving body above, \ldblquote have I not spoken to you about keeping our prisoner quiet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, m-my Lord,\rdblquote  gasped a small man halfway down the table, who had been sitting so low in his chair that it had appeared, at first glance, to be unoccupied. Now he scrambled from his seat and scurried from the room, leaving nothing behind him but a curious gleam of silver.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As I was saying,\rdblquote  continued Voldemort, looking again at the tense faces of his followers, \ldblquote I understand better now. I shall need, for instance, to borrow a wand from one of you before I go to kill Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The faces around him displayed nothing but shock; he might have announced that he wanted to borrow one of their arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No volunteers?\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote Let\rquote s see \'85 Lucius, I see no reason for you to have a wand anymore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lucius Malfoy looked up. His skin appeared yellowish and waxy in the firelight, and his eyes were sunken and shadowed. When he spoke, his voice was hoarse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your wand, Lucius. I require your wand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\lang3081  \'85\rdblquote\par
\lang1033 Malfoy glanced sideways at his wife. She was staring straight ahead, quite as pale as he was, her long blonde hair hanging down her back, but beneath the table her slim fingers closed briefly on his wrist. At her touch, Malfoy put his hand into his robes, withdrew a wand, and passed it along to Voldemort, who held it up in front of his red eyes, examining it closely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Elm, my Lord,\rdblquote  whispered Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And the core?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dragon \emdash  dragon heartstring.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Voldemort. He drew out his own wand and com\-pared the lengths. Lucius Malfoy made an involuntary movement; for a fraction of a second, it seemed he expected to receive Volde\-mort\rquote s wand in exchange for his own. The gesture was not missed by Voldemort, whose eyes widened maliciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give you my wand, Lucius? \i My\i0  wand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Some of the throng sniggered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have given you your liberty, Lucius, is that not enough for you? But I have noticed that you and your family seem less than happy of late. \'85 What is it about my presence in your home that displeases you, Lucius?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing \emdash  nothing, my Lord!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Such \i lies,\i0  Lucius \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The soft voice seemed to hiss on even after the cruel mouth had stopped moving. One or two of the wizards barely repressed a shud\-der as the hissing grew louder; something heavy could be heard sliding across the floor beneath the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The huge snake emerged to climb slowly up Voldemort\rquote s chair. It rose, seemingly endlessly, and came to rest across Voldemort\rquote s shoulders: its neck the thickness of a man\rquote s thigh; its eyes, with their vertical slits for pupils, unblinking. Voldemort stroked the creature absently with long thin fingers, still looking at Lucius Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why do the Malfoys look so unhappy with their lot? Is my re\-turn, my rise to power, not the very thing they professed to desire for so many years?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, my Lord,\rdblquote  said Lucius Malfoy. His hand shook as he wiped sweat from his upper lip. \ldblquote We did desire it \emdash  we do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To Malfoy\rquote s left, his wife made an odd, stiff nod, her eyes averted from Voldemort and the snake. To his right, his son, Draco, who had been gazing up at the inert body overhead, glanced quickly at Voldemort and away again, terrified to make eye contact.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord,\rdblquote  said a dark woman halfway down the table, her voice constricted with emotion, \ldblquote it is an honor to have you here, in our family\rquote s house. There can be no higher pleasure.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She sat beside her sister, as unlike her in looks, with her dark hair and heavily lidded eyes, as she was in bearing and demeanor; where Narcissa sat rigid and impassive, Bellatrix leaned toward Voldemort, for mere words could not demonstrate her longing for closeness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No higher pleasure,\rdblquote  repeated Voldemort, his head tilted a little to one side as he considered Bellatrix. \ldblquote That means a great deal, Bellatrix, from you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her face flooded with color; her eyes welled with tears of delight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord knows I speak nothing but the truth!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No higher pleasure \'85 even compared with the happy event that, I hear, has taken place in your family this week?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stared at him, her lips parted, evidently confused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know what you mean, my Lord.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m talking about your niece, Bellatrix. And yours, Lucius and Narcissa. She has just married the werewolf, Remus Lupin. You must be so proud.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was an eruption of jeering laughter from around the table. Many leaned forward to exchange gleeful looks; a few thumped the table with their fists. The great snake, disliking the disturbance, opened its mouth wide and hissed angrily, but the Death Eaters did not hear it, so jubilant were they at Bellatrix and the Malfoys\rquote  hu\-miliation. Bellatrix\rquote s face, so recently flushed with happiness, had turned an ugly, blotchy red.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She is no niece of ours, my Lord,\rdblquote  she cried over the outpouring of mirth. \ldblquote We \emdash  Narcissa and I \emdash  have never set eyes on our sister since she married the Mudblood. This brat has nothing to do with either of us, nor any beast she marries.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What say you, Draco?\rdblquote  asked Voldemort, and though his voice was quiet, it carried clearly through the catcalls and jeers. \ldblquote Will you babysit the cubs?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The hilarity mounted; Draco Malfoy looked in terror at his father, who was staring down into his own lap, then caught his mother\rquote s eye. She shook her head almost imperceptibly, then resumed her own deadpan stare at the opposite wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Enough,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, stroking the angry snake. \ldblquote Enough.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And the laughter died at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Many of our oldest family trees become a little diseased over time,\rdblquote  he said as Bellatrix gazed at him, breathless and imploring.\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote You must prune yours, must you not, to keep it healthy? Cut away those parts that threaten the health of the rest.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, my Lord,\rdblquote  whispered Bellatrix, and her eyes swam with tears of gratitude again. \ldblquote At the first chance!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You shall have it,\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote And in your family, so in the world \'85 we shall cut away the canker that infects us until only those of the true blood remain. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort raised Lucius Malfoy\rquote s wand, pointed it directly at the slowly revolving figure suspended over the table, and gave it a tiny flick. The figure came to life with a groan and began to struggle against invisible bonds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you recognize our guest, Severus?\rdblquote  asked Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape raised his eyes to the upside-down face. All of the Death Eaters were looking up at the captive now, as though they had been given permission to show curiosity. As she revolved to face the fire\-light, the woman said in a cracked and terrified voice, \ldblquote Severus! Help me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, yes,\rdblquote  said Snape as the prisoner turned slowly away again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you, Draco?\rdblquote  asked Voldemort, stroking the snake\rquote s snout with his wand-free hand. Draco shook his head jerkily. Now that the woman had woken, he seemed unable to look at her anymore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you would not have taken her classes,\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote For those of you who do not know, we are joined here tonight by Charity Burbage who, until recently, taught at Hogwarts School of Witch\-craft and Wizardry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were small noises of comprehension around the table. A broad, hunched woman with pointed teeth cackled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \'85 Professor Burbage taught the children of witches and\lang3081  \lang1033 wizards all about Muggles \'85 how they are not so different from us \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One of the Death Eaters spat on the floor. Charity Burbage re\-volved to face Snape again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus \'85 please \'85 please \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Silence,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, with another twitch of Malfoy\rquote s wand, and Charity fell silent as if gagged. \ldblquote Not content with corrupting and polluting the minds of Wizarding children, last week Professor Burbage wrote an impassioned defense of Mudbloods in the \i Daily Prophet.\i0  Wizards, she says, must accept these thieves of their knowl\-edge and magic. The dwindling of the purebloods is, says Professor Burbage, a most desirable circumstance. \'85 She would have us all mate with Muggles \'85 or, no doubt, werewolves. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody laughed this time: There was no mistaking the anger and contempt in Voldemort\rquote s voice. For the third time, Charity Burbage revolved to face Snape. Tears were pouring from her eyes into her hair. Snape looked back at her, quite impassive, as she turned slowly away from him again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Avada Kedavra.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The flash of green light illuminated every corner of the room. Charity fell, with a resounding crash, onto the table below, which trembled and creaked. Several of the Death Eaters leapt back in their chairs. Draco fell out of his onto the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dinner, Nagini,\rdblquote  said Voldemort softly, and the great snake swayed and slithered from his shoulders onto the polished wood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 2\par
\pard\qc In Memoriam\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry was bleeding. Clutching his right hand in his left and swearing under his breath, he shouldered open his bedroom door. There was a crunch of breaking china: He had trod\-den on a cup of cold tea that had been sitting on the floor outside his bedroom door.\par
\ldblquote What the \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around; the landing of number four, Privet Drive, was deserted. Possibly the cup of tea was Dudley\rquote s idea of a clever booby trap. Keeping his bleeding hand elevated, Harry scraped the frag\-ments of cup together with the other hand and threw them into the already crammed bin just visible inside his bedroom door. Then he tramped across to the bathroom to run his finger under the tap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was stupid, pointless, irritating beyond belief that he still had four days left of being unable to perform magic\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but he had to ad\-mit to himself that this jagged cut in his finger would have defeated him. He had never learned how to repair wounds, and now he came\lang3081  \lang1033 to think of it \emdash  particularly in light of his immediate plans \emdash  this seemed a serious flaw in his magical education. Making a mental note to ask Hermione how it was done, he used a large wad of toilet paper to mop up as much of the tea as he could, before returning to his bedroom and slamming the door behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had spent the morning completely emptying his school trunk for the first time since he had packed it six years ago. At the start of the intervening school years, he had merely skimmed off the topmost three quarters of the contents and replaced or updated them, leaving a layer of general debris at the bottom \emdash  old quills, desiccated beetle eyes, single socks that no longer fit. Minutes previ\-ously, Harry had plunged his hand into this mulch, experienced a stabbing pain in the fourth finger of his right hand, and withdrawn it to see a lot of blood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He now proceeded a little more cautiously. Kneeling down beside the trunk again, he groped around in the bottom and, after retriev\-ing an old badge that flickered feebly between \i Support CEDRIC DIGGORY\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 and \i POTTER STINKS,\i0  a cracked and worn-out Sneak\-oscope, and a gold locket inside which a note signed R.A.B. had been hidden, he finally discovered the sharp edge that had done the damage. He recognized it at once. It was a two-inch-long frag\-ment of the enchanted mirror that his dead godfather, Sirius, had given him. Harry laid it aside and felt cautiously around the trunk for the rest, but nothing more remained of his godfather\rquote s last gift except powdered glass, which clung to the deepest layer of debris like glittering grit.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat up and examined the jagged piece on which he had cut himself, seeing nothing but his own bright green eye reflected back at him. Then he placed the fragment on top of that morning\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033\i Daily Prophet,\i0  which lay unread on the bed, and attempted to stem the sudden upsurge of bitter memories, the stabs of regret and of longing the discovery of the broken mirror had occasioned, by at\-tacking the rest of the rubbish in the trunk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It took another hour to empty it completely, throw away the use\-less items, and sort the remainder in piles according to whether or not he would need them from now on. His school and Quidditch robes, cauldron, parchment, quills, and most of his textbooks were piled in a corner, to be left behind. He wondered what his aunt and uncle would do with them; burn them in the dead of night, proba\-bly, as if they were the evidence of some dreadful crime. His Muggle clothing, Invisibility Cloak, potion-making kit, certain books, the photograph album Hagrid had once given him, a stack of letters, and his wand had been repacked into an old rucksack. In a front pocket were the Marauder\rquote s Map and the locket with the note signed R.A.B. inside it. The locket was accorded this place of honor not because it was valuable \emdash  in all usual senses it was worthless \emdash  but because of what it had cost to attain it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This left a sizable stack of newspapers sitting on his desk beside his snowy owl, Hedwig: one for each of the days Harry had spent at Privet Drive this summer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He got up off the floor, stretched, and moved across to his desk. Hedwig made no movement as he began to flick through the news\-papers, throwing them onto the rubbish pile one by one. The owl was asleep, or else faking; she was angry with Harry about the limited amount of time she was allowed out of her cage at the moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As he neared the bottom of the pile of newspapers, Harry slowed down, searching for one particular issue that he knew had arrived shortly after he had returned to Privet Drive for the summer; he\lang3081  \lang1033 remembered that there had been a small mention on the front about the resignation of Charity Burbage, the Muggle Studies teacher at Hogwarts. At last he found it. Turning to page ten, he sank into his desk chair and reread the article he had been looking for.\par
\par
\pard\qc ALBUS DUMBLEDORE REMEMBERED\lang3081\par
\lang1033 by Elphias Doge\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj I met Albus Dumbledore at the age of eleven, on our first day at Hogwarts. Our mutual attraction was undoubt\-edly due to the fact that we both felt ourselves to be outsiders. I had con\-tracted dragon pox shortly before arriving at school, and while I was no longer contagious, my pock\-marked visage and greenish hue did not encour\-age many to approach me. For his part, Albus had arrived at Hogwarts under the burden of unwanted notoriety. Scarcely a year previously, his father, Percival, had been convicted of a savage and well-publicized attack upon three young Muggles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Albus never attempted to deny that his father (who was to die in Azkaban) had committed this crime; on the contrary, when I plucked up courage to ask him, he assured me that he knew his father to be guilty. Beyond that, Dumbledore refused to speak of the sad business, though many attempted to make him do so. Some, indeed, were disposed to praise his father\rquote s action and assumed that Albus too was a Muggle-hater. They could not have been more mis\-taken: As anybody who knew Albus would attest, he never revealed the remotest anti-Muggle tendency. Indeed, his determined support for Muggle rights gained him many enemies in subsequent years.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In a matter of months, however, Albus\rquote s own fame had begun to eclipse that of his father. By the end of his first year he would never again be known as the son of a Muggle-hater, but as nothing more or less than the most brilliant student ever seen at the school. Those of us who were privileged to be his friends ben\-efited from his example, not to mention his help and encouragement, with which he was always generous. He confessed to me in later life that he knew even then that his greatest pleasure lay in teaching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He not only won every prize of note that the school offered, he was soon in regular correspondence with the most notable magical names of the day, including Nicolas Flamel, the celebrated alchemist; Bathilda Bagshot, the noted historian; and Adalbert Waf\-fling, the magical theoretician. Several of his papers found their way into learned publications such as \i Transfiguration Today,\i0  \i Challenges in Charming,\i0  and \i The Practical Potioneer.\i0  Dumbledore\rquote s future career seemed likely to be meteoric, and the only question that remained was when he would become Minister of Magic. Though it was often predicted in later years that he was on the point of taking the job, however, he never had Ministerial ambitions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Three years after we had started at Hogwarts,\lang3081  \lang1033 Albus\rquote s brother, Aberforth, arrived at school. They were not alike; Aberforth was never bookish and, unlike Albus, preferred to settle arguments by duel\-ing rather than through reasoned discussion. How\-ever, it is quite wrong to suggest, as some have, that the brothers were not friends. They rubbed along as comfortably as two such different boys could do. In fairness to Aberforth, it must be admitted that living in Albus\rquote s shadow cannot have been an alto\-gether comfortable experience. Being continually outshone was an occupational hazard of being his friend and cannot have been any more pleasurable as a brother.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Albus and I left Hogwarts we intended to take the then-traditional tour of the world together, visiting and observing foreign wizards, before pur\-suing our separate careers. However, tragedy inter\-vened. On the very eve of our trip, Albus\rquote s mother, Kendra, died, leaving Albus the head, and sole breadwinner, of the family. I postponed my depar\-ture long enough to pay my respects at Kendra\rquote s funeral, then left for what was now to be a solitary journey. With a younger brother and sister to care for, and little gold left to them, there could no longer be any question of Albus accompanying me.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 That was the period of our lives when we had least contact. I wrote to Albus, describing, perhaps insen\-sitively, the wonders of my journey, from narrow es\-capes from chimaeras in Greece to the experiments\lang3081  \lang1033 of the Egyptian alchemists. His letters told me little of his day-to-day life, which I guessed to be frustrat\-ingly dull for such a brilliant wizard. Immersed in my own experiences, it was with horror that I heard, toward the end of my year\rquote s travels, that yet another tragedy had struck the Dumbledores: the death of his sister, Ariana.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Though Ariana had been in poor health for a long time, the blow, coming so soon after the loss of their mother, had a profound effect on both of her broth\-ers. All those closest to Albus \emdash  and I count my\-self one of that lucky number \emdash  agree that Ariana\rquote s death, and Albus\rquote s feeling of personal responsibility for it (though, of course, he was guiltless), left their mark upon him forevermore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 I returned home to find a young man who had experienced a much older person\rquote s suffering. Albus was more reserved than before, and much less light-hearted. To add to his misery, the loss of Ariana had led, not to a renewed closeness between Albus and Aberforth, but to an estrangement. (In time this would lift \emdash  in later years they reestablished, if not a close relationship, then certainly a cordial one.) However, he rarely spoke of his parents or of Ariana from then on, and his friends learned not to mention them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Other quills will describe the triumphs of the fol\-lowing years. Dumbledore\rquote s innumerable contribu\-tions to the store of Wizarding knowledge, including\lang3081  \lang1033 his discovery of the twelve uses of dragon\rquote s blood, will benefit generations to come, as will the wisdom he displayed in the many judgments he made while Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot. They say, still, that no Wizarding duel ever matched that between Dumbledore and Grindelwald in 1945. Those who witnessed it have written of the terror and the awe they felt as they watched these two extraordinary wizards do battle. Dumbledore\rquote s triumph, and its consequences for the Wizarding world, are consid\-ered a turning point in magical history to match the introduction of the International Statute of Secrecy or the downfall of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.\par
Albus Dumbledore was never proud or vain; he could find something to value in anyone, however apparently insignificant or wretched, and I believe that his early losses endowed him with great human\-ity and sympathy. I shall miss his friendship more than I can say, but my loss is as nothing compared to the Wizarding world\rquote s. That he was the most inspir\-ing and the best loved of all Hogwarts headmasters cannot be in question. He died as he lived: working always for the greater good and, to his last hour, as willing to stretch out a hand to a small boy with dragon pox as he was on the day that I met him.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry finished reading but continued to gaze at the picture ac\-companying the obituary. Dumbledore was wearing his familiar,\lang3081  \lang1033 kindly smile, but as he peered over the top of his half-moon spec\-tacles, he gave the impression, even in newsprint, of X-raying Harry, whose sadness mingled with a sense of humiliation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had thought he knew Dumbledore quite well, but ever since reading this obituary he had been forced to recognize that he had barely known him at all. Never once had he imagined Dumbledore\rquote s childhood or youth; it was as though he had sprung into being as Harry had known him, venerable and silver-haired and old. The idea of a teenage Dumbledore was simply odd, like trying to imagine a stupid Hermione or a friendly Blast-Ended Skrewt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had never thought to ask Dumbledore about his past. No doubt it would have felt strange, impertinent even, but after all, it had been common knowledge that Dumbledore had taken part in that legendary duel with Grindelwald, and Harry had not thought to ask Dumbledore what that had been like, nor about any of his other famous achievements. No, they had always discussed Harry, Harry\rquote s past, Harry\rquote s future, Harry\rquote s plans \'85 and it seemed to Harry now, despite the fact that his future was so dangerous and so uncertain, that he had missed irreplaceable opportunities when he had failed to ask Dumbledore more about himself, even though the only personal question he had ever asked his headmaster was also the only one he suspected that Dumbledore had not answered honestly:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What do you see when you look in the mirror\i0 ?\rdblquote\i\par
\i0\ldblquote\i I\i0 ?\i  I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks.\i0\rdblquote\i\par
\i0 After several minutes\rquote  thought, Harry tore the obituary out of the \i Prophet,\i0  folded it carefully, and tucked it inside the first volume of \i Practical Defensive Magic and Its Use Against the Dark Arts.\i0  Then he\lang3081  \lang1033 threw the rest of the newspaper onto the rubbish pile and turned to face the room. It was much tidier. The only things left out of place were today\rquote s \i Daily Prophet, \i0 still lying on the bed, and on top of it, the piece of broken mirror.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry moved across the room, slid the mirror fragment off today\rquote s \i Prophet, \i0 and unfolded the newspaper. He had merely glanced at the headline when he had taken the rolled-up paper from the delivery owl early that morning and thrown it aside, after noting that it said nothing about Voldemort. Harry was sure that the Ministry was leaning on the \i Prophet \i0 to suppress news about Voldemort. It was only now, therefore, that he saw what he had missed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Across the bottom half of the front page a smaller headline was set over a picture of Dumbledore striding along looking harried:\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\lang1033 DUMBLEDORE \emdash  THE TRUTH AT LAST?\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 Coming next week, the shocking story of the flawed genius considered by many to be the greatest wizard of his generation. Stripping away the popular image of serene, silver-bearded wisdom, Rita Skeeter reveals the disturbed childhood, the lawless youth, the life\-long feuds, and the guilty secrets that Dumbledore carried to his grave. WHY was the man tipped to be Minister of Magic content to remain a mere head\-master? WHAT was the real purpose of the secret organization known as the Order of the Phoenix? HOW did Dumbledore really meet his end?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The answers to these and many more questions are explored in the explosive new biography, \i The Life and Lies of\lang3081  \lang1033 Albus Dumbledore,\i0  by Rita Skeeter,\lang3081  \lang1033 exclusively interviewed by Betty Braithwaite, page 13, inside.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry ripped open the paper and found page thirteen. The article was topped with a picture showing another familiar face: a woman wearing jeweled glasses with elaborately curled blonde hair, her teeth bared in what was clearly supposed to be a winning smile, wiggling her fingers up at him. Doing his best to ignore this nauseating im\-age, Harry read on.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 In person, Rita Skeeter is much warmer and softer than her famously ferocious quill-portraits might suggest. Greeting me in the hallway of her cozy home, she leads me straight into the kitchen for a cup of tea, a slice of pound cake and, it goes without saying, a steaming vat of freshest gossip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, of course, Dumbledore is a biographer\rquote s dream,\rdblquote  says Skeeter. \ldblquote Such a long, full life. I\rquote m sure my book will be the first of very, very many.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Skeeter was certainly quick off the mark. Her nine-hundred-page book was completed a mere four weeks after Dumbledore\rquote s mysterious death in June. I ask her how she managed this superfast feat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, when you\rquote ve been a journalist as long as I have, working to a deadline is second nature. I knew that the Wizarding world was clamoring for the full story and I wanted to be the first to meet that need.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 I mention the recent, widely publicized remarks\lang3081  \lang1033 of Elphias Doge, Special Advisor to the Wizen\-gamot and longstanding friend of Albus Dumble\-dore\rquote s, that \ldblquote Skeeter\rquote s book contains less fact than a Chocolate Frog card.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Skeeter throws back her head and laughs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Darling Dodgy! I remember interviewing him a few years back about merpeople rights, bless him. Completely gaga, seemed to think we were sitting at the bottom of Lake Windermere, kept telling me to watch out for trout.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And yet Elphias Doge\rquote s accusations of inaccuracy have been echoed in many places. Does Skeeter re\-ally feel that four short weeks have been enough to gain a full picture of Dumbledore\rquote s long and ex\-traordinary life?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, my dear,\rdblquote  beams Skeeter, rapping me affec\-tionately across the knuckles, \ldblquote you know as well as I do how much information can be generated by a fat bag of Galleons, a refusal to hear the word \lquote no,\rquote  and a nice sharp Quick-Quotes Quill! People were queuing to dish the dirt on Dumbledore anyway. Not everyone thought he was so wonderful, you know \emdash  he trod on an awful lot of important toes. But old Dodgy Doge can get off his high hippogriff, because I\rquote ve had access to a source most journal\-ists would swap their wands for, one who has never spoken in public before and who was close to Dum\-bledore during the most turbulent and disturbing phase of his youth.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The advance publicity for Skeeter\rquote s biography has certainly suggested that there will be shocks in store for those who believe Dumbledore to have led a blameless life. What were the biggest surprises she uncovered, I ask?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, come off it, Betty, I\rquote m not giving away all the highlights before anybody\rquote s bought the book!\rdblquote  laughs Skeeter. \ldblquote But I can promise that anybody who still thinks Dumbledore was white as his beard is in for a rude awakening! Let\rquote s just say that nobody hearing him rage against You-Know-Who would have dreamed that he dabbled in the Dark Arts himself in his youth! And for a wizard who spent his later years pleading for tolerance, he wasn\rquote t ex\-actly broad-minded when he was younger! Yes, Al\-bus Dumbledore had an extremely murky past, not to mention that very fishy family, which he worked so hard to keep hushed up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 I ask whether Skeeter is referring to Dumbledore\rquote s brother, Aberforth, whose conviction by the Wizen\-gamot for misuse of magic caused a minor scandal fifteen years ago.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Aberforth is just the tip of the dung heap,\rdblquote  laughs Skeeter. \ldblquote No, no, I\rquote m talking about much worse than a brother with a fondness for fiddling about with goats, worse even than the Muggle-maiming father \emdash  Dumbledore couldn\rquote t keep either of them quiet anyway, they were both charged by the Wizengamot. No, it\rquote s the mother and the sister\lang3081  \lang1033 that intrigued me, and a little digging uncovered a positive nest of nastiness \emdash  but, as I say, you\rquote ll have to wait for chapters nine to twelve for full details. All I can say now is, it\rquote s no wonder Dumbledore never talked about how his nose got broken.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Family skeletons notwithstanding, does Skeeter deny the brilliance that led to Dumbledore\rquote s many magical discoveries?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He had brains,\rdblquote  she concedes, \ldblquote although many now question whether he could really take full credit for all of his supposed achievements. As I reveal in chapter sixteen, Ivor Dillonsby claims he had al\-ready discovered eight uses of dragon\rquote s blood when Dumbledore \lquote borrowed\rquote  his papers.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the importance of some of Dumbledore\rquote s achievements cannot, I venture, be denied. What of his famous defeat of Grindelwald?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, now, I\rquote m glad you mentioned Grindelwald,\rdblquote  says Skeeter with a tantalizing smile. \ldblquote I\rquote m afraid those who go dewy-eyed over Dumbledore\rquote s spectacular victory must brace themselves for a bombshell \emdash  or perhaps a Dungbomb. Very dirty business indeed. All I\rquote ll say is, don\rquote t be so sure that there really was the spectacular duel of legend. After they\rquote ve read my book, people may be forced to conclude that Grin\-delwald simply conjured a white handkerchief from the end of his wand and came quietly!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Skeeter refuses to give any more away on this intriguing subject, so we turn instead to the rela\-tionship that will undoubtedly fascinate her readers more than any other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  says Skeeter, nodding briskly, \ldblquote I devote an entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relationship. It\rquote s been called unhealthy, even sinis\-ter. Again, your readers will have to buy my book for the whole story, but there is no question that Dumbledore took an unnatural interest in Potter from the word go. Whether that was really in the boy\rquote s best interests \emdash  well, we\rquote ll see. It\rquote s certainly an open secret that Potter has had a most troubled adolescence.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 I ask whether Skeeter is still in touch with Harry Potter, whom she so famously interviewed last year: a breakthrough piece in which Potter spoke exclu\-sively of his conviction that You-Know-Who had returned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, yes, we\rquote ve developed a close bond,\rdblquote  says Skeeter. \ldblquote Poor Potter has few real friends, and we met at one of the most testing moments of his life \emdash  the Triwizard Tournament. I am probably one of the only people alive who can say that they know the real Harry Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Which leads us neatly to the many rumors still circulating about Dumbledore\rquote s final hours. Does Skeeter believe that Potter was there when Dumble\-dore died?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t want to say too much \emdash  it\rquote s all in the book \emdash  but eyewitnesses inside Hogwarts castle\lang3081  \lang1033 saw Potter running away from the scene moments after Dumbledore fell, jumped, or was pushed. Pot\-ter later gave evidence against Severus Snape, a man against whom he has a notorious grudge. Is every\-thing as it seems? That is for the Wizarding com\-munity to decide \emdash  once they\rquote ve read my book.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On that intriguing note, I take my leave. There can be no doubt that Skeeter has quilled an instant bestseller. Dumbledore\rquote s legions of admirers, mean\-while, may well be trembling at what is soon to emerge about their hero.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry reached the bottom of the article, but continued to stare blankly at the page. Revulsion and fury rose in him like vomit; he balled up the newspaper and threw it, with all his force, at the wall, where it joined the rest of the rubbish heaped around his overflow\-ing bin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He began to stride blindly around the room, opening empty draw\-ers and picking up books only to replace them on the same piles, barely conscious of what he was doing, as random phrases from Rita\rquote s article echoed in his head: \i An entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relationship\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 It\rquote s been called unhealthy, even sinister. \'85 He dabbled in the Dark Arts himself in his youth \'85 I\rquote ve had access to a source most journalists would swap their wands for\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lies!\rdblquote  Harry bellowed, and through the window he saw the next-door neighbor, who had paused to restart his lawn mower, look up nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat down hard on the bed. The broken bit of mirror danced away from him; he picked it up and turned it over in his fingers,\lang3081  \lang1033 thinking, thinking of Dumbledore and the lies with which Rita Skeeter was defaming him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A flash of brightest blue. Harry froze, his cut finger slipping on the jagged edge of the mirror again. He had imagined it, he must have done. He glanced over his shoulder, but the wall was a sickly peach color of Aunt Petunia\rquote s choosing: There was nothing blue there for the mirror to reflect. He peered into the mirror fragment again, and saw nothing but his own bright green eye looking back at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had imagined it, there was no other explanation; imagined it, because he had been thinking of his dead headmaster. If anything was certain, it was that the bright blue eyes of Albus Dumbledore would never pierce him again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 3\par
\pard\qc The Dursleys Departing\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
The sound of the front door slamming echoed up the stairs and a voice yelled, \ldblquote Oi! You!\rdblquote\par
Sixteen years of being addressed thus left Harry in no doubt whom his uncle was calling; nevertheless, he did not immediately respond. He was still gazing at the mirror fragment in which, for a split second, he had thought he saw Dumbledore\rquote s eye. It was not until his uncle bellowed, \ldblquote BOY!\rdblquote  that Harry got slowly to his feet and headed for the bedroom door, pausing to add the piece of broken mirror to the rucksack filled with things he would be taking with him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You took your time!\rdblquote  roared Vernon Dursley when Harry ap\-peared at the top of the stairs. \ldblquote Get down here, I want a word!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry strolled downstairs, his hands deep in his jeans pockets. When he reached the living room he found all three Dursleys. They were dressed for traveling: Uncle Vernon in a fawn zip-up jacket, Aunt Petunia in a neat salmon-colored coat, and Dudley, Harry\rquote s large, blond, muscular cousin, in his leather jacket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sit down!\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon. Harry raised his eyebrows. \ldblquote Please!\rdblquote  added Uncle Vernon, wincing slightly as though the word was sharp in his throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat. He thought he knew what was coming. His uncle began to pace up and down, Aunt Petunia and Dudley following his movements with anxious expressions. Finally, his large purple face crumpled with concentration, Uncle Vernon stopped in front of Harry and spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve changed my mind,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What a surprise,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you take that tone \emdash\rdblquote  began Aunt Petunia in a shrill voice, but Vernon Dursley waved her down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all a lot of claptrap,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, glaring at Harry with piggy little eyes. \ldblquote I\rquote ve decided I don\rquote t believe a word of it. We\rquote re staying put, we\rquote re not going anywhere.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked up at his uncle and felt a mixture of exasperation and amusement. Vernon Dursley had been changing his mind every twenty-four hours for the past four weeks, packing and unpacking and repacking the car with every change of heart. Harry\rquote s favorite moment had been the one when Uncle Vernon, unaware that Dud\-ley had added his dumbbells to his case since the last time it had been unpacked, had attempted to hoist it back into the boot and collapsed with roars of pain and much swearing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote According to you,\rdblquote  Vernon Dursley said now, resuming his pac\-ing up and down the living room, \ldblquote we \emdash  Petunia, Dudley, and I \emdash  are in danger. From \emdash  from \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Some of \lquote my lot,\rquote  right,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t believe it,\rdblquote  repeated Uncle Vernon, coming to a halt\lang3081  \lang1033 in front of Harry again. \ldblquote I was awake half the night thinking it all over, and I believe it\rquote s a plot to get the house.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The house?\rdblquote  repeated Harry. \ldblquote What house?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i This\i0  house!\rdblquote  shrieked Uncle Vernon, the vein in his forehead starting to pulse. \ldblquote\i Our\i0  house! House prices are skyrocketing around here! You want us out of the way and then you\rquote re going to do a bit of hocus-pocus and before we know it the deeds will be in your name and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you out of your mind?\rdblquote  demanded Harry. \ldblquote A plot to get this house? Are you actually as stupid as you look?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you dare \emdash  !\rdblquote  squealed Aunt Petunia, but again, Vernon waved her down: Slights on his personal appearance were, it seemed, as nothing to the danger he had spotted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just in case you\rquote ve forgotten,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote I\rquote ve already got a house, my godfather left me one. So why would I want this one? All the happy memories?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence. Harry thought he had rather impressed his uncle with this argument.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You claim,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, starting to pace yet again, \ldblquote that this Lord Thing \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  Voldemort,\rdblquote  said Harry impatiently, \ldblquote and we\rquote ve been through this about a hundred times already. This isn\rquote t a claim, it\rquote s fact, Dum\-bledore told you last year, and Kingsley and Mr. Weasley \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Vernon Dursley hunched his shoulders angrily, and Harry guessed that his uncle was attempting to ward off recollections of the unan\-nounced visit, a few days into Harry\rquote s summer holidays, of two fully grown wizards. The arrival on the doorstep of Kingsley Shacklebolt and Arthur Weasley had come as a most unpleasant shock to the\lang3081  \lang1033 Dursleys. Harry had to admit, however, that as Mr. Weasley had once demolished half of the living room, his reappearance could not have been expected to delight Uncle Vernon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  Kingsley and Mr. Weasley explained it all as well,\rdblquote  Harry pressed on remorselessly. \ldblquote Once I\rquote m seventeen, the protective charm that keeps me safe will break, and that exposes you as well as me. The Order is sure Voldemort will target you, whether to torture you to try and find out where I am, or because he thinks by holding you hostage I\rquote d come and try to rescue you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon\rquote s and Harry\rquote s eyes met. Harry was sure that in that instant they were both wondering the same thing. Then Uncle Ver\-non walked on and Harry resumed, \ldblquote You\rquote ve got to go into hiding and the Order wants to help. You\rquote re being offered serious protection, the best there is.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon said nothing, but continued to pace up and down. Outside the sun hung low over the privet hedges. The next-door neighbor\rquote s lawn mower stalled again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought there was a Ministry of Magic?\rdblquote  asked Vernon Durs\-ley abruptly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is,\rdblquote  said Harry, surprised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, then, why can\rquote t they protect us? It seems to me that, as innocent victims, guilty of nothing more than harboring a marked man, we ought to qualify for government protection!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry laughed; he could not help himself. It was so very typical of his uncle to put his hopes in the establishment, even within this world that he despised and mistrusted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You heard what Mr. Weasley and Kingsley said,\rdblquote  Harry replied. \ldblquote We think the Ministry has been infiltrated.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon strode to the fireplace and back, breathing so heav\-ily that his great black mustache rippled, his face still purple with concentration.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  he said, stopping in front of Harry yet again. \ldblquote All right, let\rquote s say, for the sake of argument, we accept this protection. I still don\rquote t see why we can\rquote t have that Kingsley bloke.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry managed not to roll his eyes, but with difficulty. This ques\-tion had also been addressed half a dozen times.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As I\rquote ve told you,\rdblquote  he said through gritted teeth, \ldblquote Kingsley is protecting the Mug \emdash  I mean, your Prime Minister.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Exactly \emdash  he\rquote s the best!\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, pointing at the blank television screen. The Dursleys had spotted Kingsley on the news, walking along discreetly behind the Muggle Prime Minister as he visited a hospital. This, and the fact that Kingsley had mastered the knack of dressing like a Muggle, not to mention a certain reas\-suring something in his slow, deep voice, had caused the Dursleys to take to Kingsley in a way that they had certainly not done with any other wizard, although it was true that they had never seen him with his earring in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, he\rquote s taken,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But Hestia Jones and Dedalus Diggle are more than up to the job \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If we\rquote d even seen CVs\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  began Uncle Vernon, but Harry lost patience. Getting to his feet, he advanced on his uncle, now point\-ing at the TV set himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote These accidents aren\rquote t accidents \emdash  the crashes and explosions and derailments and whatever else has happened since we last watched the news. People are disappearing and dying and he\rquote s be\-hind it \emdash  Voldemort. I\rquote ve told you this over and over again, he kills\lang3081  \lang1033 Muggles for fun. Even the fogs \emdash  they\rquote re caused by dementors, and if you can\rquote t remember what they are, ask your son!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley\rquote s hands jerked upward to cover his mouth. With his par\-ents\rquote  and Harry\rquote s eyes upon him, he slowly lowered them again and asked, \ldblquote There are \'85 more of them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote More?\rdblquote  laughed Harry. \ldblquote More than the two that attacked us, you mean? Of course there are, there are hundreds, maybe thousands by this time, seeing as they feed off fear and despair \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, all right,\rdblquote  blustered Vernon Dursley. \ldblquote You\rquote ve made your point \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hope so,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote because once I\rquote m seventeen, all of them \emdash  Death Eaters, dementors, maybe even Inferi \emdash  which means dead bodies enchanted by a Dark wizard \emdash  will be able to find you and will certainly attack you. And if you remember the last time you tried to outrun wizards, I think you\rquote ll agree you need help.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a brief silence in which the distant echo of Hagrid smashing down a wooden front door seemed to reverberate through the intervening years. Aunt Petunia was looking at Uncle Vernon; Dudley was staring at Harry. Finally Uncle Vernon blurted out, \ldblquote But what about my work? What about Dudley\rquote s school? I don\rquote t suppose those things matter to a bunch of layabout wizards \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you understand?\rdblquote  shouted Harry. \ldblquote\i They will torture and kill you like they did my parents\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dad,\rdblquote  said Dudley in a loud voice, \ldblquote Dad \emdash  I\rquote m going with these Order people.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dudley,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote for the first time in your life, you\rquote re talk\-ing sense.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He knew that the battle was won. If Dudley was frightened\lang3081  \lang1033 enough to accept the Order\rquote s help, his parents would accompany him: There could be no question of being separated from their Did\-dykins. Harry glanced at the carriage clock on the mantelpiece.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote ll be here in about five minutes,\rdblquote  he said, and when none of the Dursleys replied, he left the room. The prospect of part\-ing \emdash  probably forever \emdash  from his aunt, uncle, and cousin was one that he was able to contemplate quite cheerfully, but there was nevertheless a certain awkwardness in the air. What did you say to one another at the end of sixteen years\rquote  solid dislike?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Back in his bedroom, Harry fiddled aimlessly with his rucksack, then poked a couple of owl nuts through the bars of Hedwig\rquote s cage. They fell with dull thuds to the bottom, where she ignored them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re leaving soon, really soon,\rdblquote  Harry told her. \ldblquote And then you\rquote ll be able to fly again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The doorbell rang. Harry hesitated, then headed back out of his room and downstairs. It was too much to expect Hestia and Dedalus to cope with the Dursleys on their own.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter!\rdblquote  squeaked an excited voice, the moment Harry had opened the door; a small man in a mauve top hat was sweeping him a deep bow. \ldblquote An honor, as ever!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks, Dedalus,\rdblquote  said Harry, bestowing a small and em\-barrassed smile upon the dark-haired Hestia. \ldblquote It\rquote s really good of you to do this. \'85 They\rquote re through here, my aunt and uncle and cousin. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good day to you, Harry Potter\rquote s relatives!\rdblquote  said Dedalus hap\-pily, striding into the living room. The Dursleys did not look at all happy to be addressed thus; Harry half expected another change of mind. Dudley shrank nearer to his mother at the sight of the witch and wizard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see you are packed and ready. Excellent! The plan, as Harry has told you, is a simple one,\rdblquote  said Dedalus, pulling an immense pocket watch out of his waistcoat and examining it. \ldblquote We shall be leaving before Harry does. Due to the danger of using magic in your house \emdash  Harry being still underage, it could provide the Ministry with an excuse to arrest him \emdash  we shall be driving, say, ten miles or so, before Disapparating to the safe location we have picked out for you. You know how to drive, I take it?\rdblquote  he asked Uncle Vernon politely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Know how to \emdash  ? Of course I ruddy well know how to drive!\rdblquote  spluttered Uncle Vernon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very clever of you, sir, very clever, I personally would be ut\-terly bamboozled by all those buttons and knobs,\rdblquote  said Dedalus. He was clearly under the impression that he was flattering Vernon Dursley, who was visibly losing confidence in the plan with every word Dedalus spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t even drive,\rdblquote  he muttered under his breath, his mustache rippling indignantly, but fortunately neither Dedalus nor Hestia seemed to hear him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You, Harry,\rdblquote  Dedalus continued, \ldblquote will wait here for your guard. There has been a little change in the arrangements \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  said Harry at once. \ldblquote I thought Mad-Eye was going to come and take me by Side-Along-Apparition?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t do it,\rdblquote  said Hestia tersely. \ldblquote Mad-Eye will explain.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Dursleys, who had listened to all of this with looks of utter incomprehension on their faces, jumped as a loud voice screeched, \ldblquote\i Hurry up\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry looked all around the room before realizing that the voice had issued from Dedalus\rquote s pocket watch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quite right, we\rquote re operating to a very tight schedule,\rdblquote  said\lang3081  \lang1033 Dedalus, nodding at his watch and tucking it back into his waist\-coat. \ldblquote We are attempting to time your departure from the house with your family\rquote s Disapparition, Harry; thus, the charm breaks at the moment you all head for safety.\rdblquote  He turned to the Dursleys. \ldblquote Well, are we all packed and ready to go?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 None of them answered him. Uncle Vernon was still staring, ap\-palled, at the bulge in Dedalus\rquote s waistcoat pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perhaps we should wait outside in the hall, Dedalus,\rdblquote  murmured Hestia. She clearly felt that it would be tactless for them to remain in the room while Harry and the Dursleys exchanged loving, pos\-sibly tearful farewells.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s no need,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, but Uncle Vernon made any further explanation unnecessary by saying loudly,\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, this is good-bye, then, boy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He swung his right arm upward to shake Harry\rquote s hand, but at the last moment seemed unable to face it, and merely closed his fist and began swinging it backward and forward like a metronome.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ready, Diddy?\rdblquote  asked Aunt Petunia, fussily checking the clasp of her handbag so as to avoid looking at Harry altogether.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley did not answer, but stood there with his mouth slightly ajar, reminding Harry a little of the giant, Grawp.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come along, then,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had already reached the living room door when Dudley mum\-bled, \ldblquote I don\rquote t understand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What don\rquote t you understand, popkin?\rdblquote  asked Aunt Petunia, look\-ing up at her son.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley raised a large, hamlike hand to point at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why isn\rquote t he coming with us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia froze where they stood, star\-ing at Dudley as though he had just expressed a desire to become a ballerina.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why isn\rquote t he coming too?\rdblquote  asked Dudley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, he \emdash  he doesn\rquote t want to,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, turning to glare at Harry and adding, \ldblquote You don\rquote t want to, do you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not in the slightest,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There you are,\rdblquote  Uncle Vernon told Dudley. \ldblquote Now come on, we\rquote re off.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He marched out of the room. They heard the front door open, but Dudley did not move and after a few faltering steps Aunt Pe\-tunia stopped too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What now?\rdblquote  barked Uncle Vernon, reappearing in the doorway.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It seemed that Dudley was struggling with concepts too difficult to put into words. After several moments of apparently painful in\-ternal struggle he said, \ldblquote But where\rquote s he going to go?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon looked at each other. It was clear that Dudley was frightening them. Hestia Jones broke the silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \'85 surely you know where your nephew is going?\rdblquote  she asked, looking bewildered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly we know,\rdblquote  said Vernon Dursley. \ldblquote He\rquote s off with some of your lot, isn\rquote t he? Right, Dudley, let\rquote s get in the car, you heard the man, we\rquote re in a hurry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Again, Vernon Dursley marched as far as the front door, but Dudley did not follow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Off with some of \i our\i0  lot?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hestia looked outraged. Harry had met this attitude before: Witches and wizards seemed stunned that his closest living relatives took so little interest in the famous Harry Potter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s fine,\rdblquote  Harry assured her. \ldblquote It doesn\rquote t matter, honestly.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Doesn\rquote t matter?\rdblquote  repeated Hestia, her voice rising ominously. \ldblquote Don\rquote t these people realize what you\rquote ve been through? What danger you are in? The unique position you hold in the hearts of the anti-Voldemort movement?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  no, they don\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote They think I\rquote m a waste of space, actually, but I\rquote m used to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think you\rquote re a waste of space.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If Harry had not seen Dudley\rquote s lips move, he might not have believed it. As it was, he stared at Dudley for several seconds before accepting that it must have been his cousin who had spoken; for one thing, Dudley had turned red. Harry was embarrassed and astonished himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 er \'85 thanks, Dudley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Again, Dudley appeared to grapple with thoughts too unwieldy for expression before mumbling, \ldblquote You saved my life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not really,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote It was your soul the dementor would have taken. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked curiously at his cousin. They had had virtually no con\-tact during this summer or last, as Harry had come back to Privet Drive so briefly and kept to his room so much. It now dawned on Harry, however, that the cup of cold tea on which he had trodden that morning might not have been a booby trap at all. Although rather touched, he was nevertheless quite relieved that Dudley ap\-peared to have exhausted his ability to express his feelings. After\lang3081  \lang1033 opening his mouth once or twice more, Dudley subsided into scarlet-faced silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia burst into tears. Hestia Jones gave her an approv\-ing look that changed to outrage as Aunt Petunia ran forward and embraced Dudley rather than Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote S-so sweet, Dudders \'85\rdblquote  she sobbed into his massive chest. \ldblquote S-such a lovely b-boy\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 s-saying thank you \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he hasn\rquote t said thank you at all!\rdblquote  said Hestia indignantly. \ldblquote He only said he didn\rquote t think Harry was a waste of space!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but coming from Dudley that\rquote s like \lquote I love you,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Harry, torn between annoyance and a desire to laugh as Aunt Pe\-tunia continued to clutch at Dudley as if he had just saved Harry from a burning building.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are we going or not?\rdblquote  roared Uncle Vernon, reappearing yet again at the living room door. \ldblquote I thought we were on a tight schedule!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \emdash  yes, we are,\rdblquote  said Dedalus Diggle, who had been watch\-ing these exchanges with an air of bemusement and now seemed to pull himself together. \ldblquote We really must be off. Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He tripped forward and wrung Harry\rquote s hand with both of his own.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  good luck. I hope we meet again. The hopes of the Wizard\-ing world rest upon your shoulders.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote right. Thanks.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Farewell, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hestia, also clasping his hand. \ldblquote Our thoughts go with you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hope everything\rquote s okay,\rdblquote  said Harry with a glance toward Aunt Petunia and Dudley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I\rquote m sure we shall end up the best of chums,\rdblquote  said Diggle brightly, waving his hat as he left the room. Hestia followed him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley gently released himself from his mother\rquote s clutches and walked toward Harry, who had to repress an urge to threaten him with magic. Then Dudley held out his large, pink hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, Dudley,\rdblquote  said Harry over Aunt Petunia\rquote s renewed sobs, \ldblquote did the dementors blow a different personality into you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  muttered Dudley. \ldblquote See you, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85\rdblquote  said Harry, taking Dudley\rquote s hand and shaking it. \ldblquote Maybe. Take care, Big D.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley nearly smiled, then lumbered from the room. Harry heard his heavy footfalls on the graveled drive, and then a car door slammed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia, whose face had been buried in her handkerchief, looked around at the sound. She did not seem to have expected to find herself alone with Harry. Hastily stowing her wet handkerchief into her pocket, she said, \ldblquote Well \emdash  good-bye,\rdblquote  and marched toward the door without looking at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good-bye,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stopped and looked back. For a moment Harry had the strangest feeling that she wanted to say something to him: She gave him an odd, tremulous look and seemed to teeter on the edge of speech, but then, with a little jerk of her head, she bustled out of the room after her husband and son.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 4\par
\pard\qc The Seven Potters\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry ran back upstairs to his bedroom, arriving at the window just in time to see the Dursleys\rquote  car swinging out of the drive and off up the road. Dedalus\rquote s top hat was visible between Aunt Petunia and Dudley in the backseat. The car turned right at the end of Privet Drive, its windows burned scarlet for a moment in the now setting sun, and then it was gone.\par
Harry picked up Hedwig\rquote s cage, his Firebolt, and his rucksack, gave his unnaturally tidy bedroom one last sweeping look, and then made his ungainly way back downstairs to the hall, where he depos\-ited cage, broomstick, and bag near the foot of the stairs. The light was fading rapidly now, the hall full of shadows in the evening light. It felt most strange to stand here in the silence and know that he was about to leave the house for the last time. Long ago, when he had been left alone while the Dursleys went out to enjoy themselves, the hours of solitude had been a rare treat: Pausing only to sneak something tasty from the fridge, he had rushed upstairs to play on\lang3081  \lang1033 Dudley\rquote s computer, or put on the television and flicked through the channels to his heart\rquote s content. It gave him an odd, empty feeling to remember those times; it was like remembering a younger brother whom he had lost.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you want to take a last look at the place?\rdblquote  he asked Hed\-wig, who was still sulking with her head under her wing. \ldblquote We\rquote ll never be here again. Don\rquote t you want to remember all the good times? I mean, look at this doormat. What memories \'85 Dudley puked on it after I saved him from the dementors. \'85 Turns out he was grateful after all, can you believe it?\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 And last summer, Dumble\-dore walked through that front door. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry lost the thread of his thoughts for a moment and Hedwig did nothing to help him retrieve it, but continued to sit with her head under her wing. Harry turned his back on the front door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And under here, Hedwig\rdblquote  \emdash  Harry pulled open a door under the stairs \emdash  \ldblquote is where I used to sleep! You never knew me then \emdash  Blimey, it\rquote s small, I\rquote d forgotten. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around at the stacked shoes and umbrellas, re\-membering how he used to wake every morning looking up at the underside of the staircase, which was more often than not adorned with a spider or two. Those had been the days before he had known anything about his true identity; before he had found out how his parents had died or why such strange things often happened around him. But Harry could still remember the dreams that had dogged him, even in those days: confused dreams involving flashes of green light and once \emdash  Uncle Vernon had nearly crashed the car when Harry had recounted it \emdash  a flying motorbike \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a sudden, deafening roar from somewhere nearby. Harry straightened up with a jerk and smacked the top of his head\lang3081  \lang1033 on the low door frame. Pausing only to employ a few of Uncle Vernon\rquote s choicest swear words, he staggered back into the kitchen, clutching his head and staring out of the window into the back garden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The darkness seemed to be rippling, the air itself quivering. Then, one by one, figures began to pop into sight as their Disillusionment Charms lifted. Dominating the scene was Hagrid, wearing a helmet and goggles and sitting astride an enormous motorbike with a black sidecar attached. All around him other people were dismounting from brooms and, in two cases, skeletal, black winged horses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wrenching open the back door, Harry hurtled into their midst. There was a general cry of greeting as Hermione flung her arms around him, Ron clapped him on the back, and Hagrid said, \ldblquote All righ\rquote , Harry? Ready fer the off?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Definitely,\rdblquote  said Harry, beaming around at them all. \ldblquote But I wasn\rquote t expecting this many of you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Change of plan,\rdblquote  growled Mad-Eye, who was holding two enor\-mous, bulging sacks, and whose magical eye was spinning from darkening sky to house to garden with dizzying rapidity. \ldblquote Let\rquote s get undercover before we talk you through it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry led them all back into the kitchen where, laughing and chattering, they settled on chairs, sat themselves upon Aunt Petunia\rquote s gleaming work surfaces, or leaned up against her spotless appliances: Ron, long and lanky; Hermione, her bushy hair tied back in a long plait; Fred and George, grinning identically; Bill, badly scarred and long-haired; Mr. Weasley, kind-faced, balding, his spectacles a little awry; Mad-Eye, battle-worn, one-legged, his bright blue magical eye whizzing in its socket; Tonks, whose short hair was her favorite shade of bright pink; Lupin, grayer, more lined; Fleur, slender and\lang3081  \lang1033 beautiful, with her long silvery blonde hair; Kingsley, bald, black, broad-shouldered; Hagrid, with his wild hair and beard, standing hunchbacked to avoid hitting his head on the ceiling; and Mun\-dungus Fletcher, small, dirty, and hangdog, with his droopy basset hound\rquote s eyes and matted hair. Harry\rquote s heart seemed to expand and glow at the sight: He felt incredibly fond of all of them, even Mund\-ungus, whom he had tried to strangle the last time they had met.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kingsley, I thought you were looking after the Muggle Prime Minister?\rdblquote  he called across the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He can get along without me for one night,\rdblquote  said Kingsley. \ldblquote You\rquote re more important.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, guess what?\rdblquote  said Tonks from her perch on top of the washing machine, and she wiggled her left hand at him; a ring glit\-tered there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You got married?\rdblquote  Harry yelped, looking from her to Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry you couldn\rquote t be there, Harry, it was very quiet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s brilliant, congrat \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, all right, we\rquote ll have time for a cozy catch-up later!\rdblquote  roared Moody over the hubbub, and silence fell in the kitchen. Moody dropped his sacks at his feet and turned to Harry. \ldblquote As Deda\-lus probably told you, we had to abandon Plan A. Pius Thicknesse has gone over, which gives us a big problem. He\rquote s made it an impris\-onable offense to connect this house to the Floo Network, place a Portkey here, or Apparate in or out. All done in the name of your protection, to prevent You-Know-Who getting in at you. Absolutely pointless, seeing as your mother\rquote s charm does that already. What he\rquote s really done is to stop you getting out of here safely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Second problem: You\rquote re underage, which means you\rquote ve still got the Trace on you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Trace, the Trace!\rdblquote  said Mad-Eye impatiently. \ldblquote The charm that detects magical activity around under-seventeens, the way the Ministry finds out about underage magic! If you, or anyone around you, casts a spell to get you out of here, Thicknesse is going to know about it, and so will the Death Eaters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can\rquote t wait for the Trace to break, because the moment you turn seventeen you\rquote ll lose all the protection your mother gave you. In short: Pius Thicknesse thinks he\rquote s got you cornered good and proper.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not help but agree with the unknown Thicknesse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what are we going to do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re going to use the only means of transport left to us, the only ones the Trace can\rquote t detect, because we don\rquote t need to cast spells to use them: brooms, thestrals, and Hagrid\rquote s motorbike.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could see flaws in this plan; however, he held his tongue to give Mad-Eye the chance to address them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, your mother\rquote s charm will only break under two conditions: when you come of age, or\rdblquote  \emdash  Moody gestured around the pristine kitchen \emdash  \ldblquote you no longer call this place home. You and your aunt and uncle are going your separate ways tonight, in the full under\-standing that you\rquote re never going to live together again, correct?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So this time, when you leave, there\rquote ll be no going back, and the charm will break the moment you get outside its range. We\rquote re choos\-ing to break it early, because the alternative is waiting for You-Know-Who to come and seize you the moment you turn seventeen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The one thing we\rquote ve got on our side is that You-Know-Who doesn\rquote t know we\rquote re moving you tonight. We\rquote ve leaked a fake trail\lang3081  \lang1033 to the Ministry: They think you\rquote re not leaving until the thirtieth. However, this is You-Know-Who we\rquote re dealing with, so we can\rquote t just rely on him getting the date wrong; he\rquote s bound to have a couple of Death Eaters patrolling the skies in this general area, just in case. So, we\rquote ve given a dozen different houses every protection we can throw at them. They all look like they could be the place we\rquote re going to hide you, they\rquote ve all got some connection with the Order: my house, Kingsley\rquote s place, Molly\rquote s Auntie Muriel\rquote s \emdash  you get the idea.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, not entirely truthfully, because he could still spot a gaping hole in the plan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll be going to Tonks\rquote s parents. Once you\rquote re within the boundaries of the protective enchantments we\rquote ve put on their house, you\rquote ll be able to use a Portkey to the Burrow. Any questions?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Maybe they won\rquote t know which of the twelve secure houses I\rquote m heading for at first, but won\rquote t it be sort of obvious once\rdblquote  \emdash  he performed a quick headcount \emdash  \ldblquote fourteen of us fly off toward Tonks\rquote s parents\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Moody, \ldblquote I forgot to mention the key point. Fourteen of us won\rquote t be flying to Tonks\rquote s parents\rquote . There will be seven Harry Potters moving through the skies tonight, each of them with a com\-panion, each pair heading for a different safe house.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 From inside his cloak Moody now withdrew a flask of what looked like mud. There was no need for him to say another word; Harry understood the rest of the plan immediately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  he said loudly, his voice ringing through the kitchen. \ldblquote No way!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told them you\rquote d take it like this,\rdblquote  said Hermione with a hint of complacency.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you think I\rquote m going to let six people risk their lives \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  because it\rquote s the first time for all of us,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is different, pretending to be me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, none of us really fancy it, Harry,\rdblquote  said Fred earnestly. \ldblquote Imagine if something went wrong and we were stuck as specky, scrawny gits forever.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t do it if I don\rquote t cooperate, you need me to give you some hair.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s that plan scuppered,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Obviously there\rquote s no chance at all of us getting a bit of your hair unless you cooperate.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, thirteen of us against one bloke who\rquote s not allowed to use magic; we\rquote ve got no chance,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Funny,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote really amusing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If it has to come to force, then it will,\rdblquote  growled Moody, his magical eye now quivering a little in its socket as he glared at Harry. \ldblquote Everyone here\rquote s overage, Potter, and they\rquote re all prepared to take the risk.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mundungus shrugged and grimaced; the magical eye swerved sideways to glare at him out of the side of Moody\rquote s head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s have no more arguments. Time\rquote s wearing on. I want a few of your hairs, boy, now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But this is mad, there\rquote s no need \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No need!\rdblquote  snarled Moody. \ldblquote With You-Know-Who out there and half the Ministry on his side? Potter, if we\rquote re lucky he\rquote ll have swallowed the fake bait and he\rquote ll be planning to ambush you on the thirtieth, but he\rquote d be mad not to have a Death Eater or two keeping an eye out, it\rquote s what I\rquote d do. They might not be able to get at you or this house while your mother\rquote s charm holds, but it\rquote s about\lang3081  \lang1033 to break and they know the rough position of the place. Our only chance is to use decoys. Even You-Know-Who can\rquote t split himself into seven.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry caught Hermione\rquote s eye and looked away at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, Potter \emdash  some of your hair, if you please.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced at Ron, who grimaced at him in a just-do-it sort of way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now!\rdblquote  barked Moody.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With all of their eyes upon him, Harry reached up to the top of his head, grabbed a hank of hair, and pulled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Moody, limping forward as he pulled the stopper out of the flask of potion. \ldblquote Straight in here, if you please.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dropped the hair into the mudlike liquid. The moment it made contact with its surface, the potion began to froth and smoke, then, all at once, it turned a clear, bright gold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ooh, you look much tastier than Crabbe and Goyle, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, before catching sight of Ron\rquote s raised eyebrows, blushing slightly, and saying, \ldblquote Oh, you know what I mean \emdash  Goyle\rquote s potion looked like bogies.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right then, fake Potters line up over here, please,\rdblquote  said Moody.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Fleur lined up in front of Aunt Petunia\rquote s gleaming sink.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re one short,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  said Hagrid gruffly, and he lifted Mundungus by the scruff of the neck and dropped him down beside Fleur, who wrin\-kled her nose pointedly and moved along to stand between Fred and George instead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve toldjer, I\rquote d sooner be a protector,\rdblquote  said Mundungus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut it,\rdblquote  growled Moody. \ldblquote As I\rquote ve already told you, you spineless\lang3081  \lang1033 worm, any Death Eaters we run into will be aiming to capture Pot\-ter, not kill him. Dumbledore always said You-Know-Who would want to finish Potter in person. It\rquote ll be the protectors who have got the most to worry about, the Death Eaters\rquote ll want to kill them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mundungus did not look particularly reassured, but Moody was already pulling half a dozen eggcup-sized glasses from inside his cloak, which he handed out, before pouring a little Polyjuice Potion into each one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Altogether, then \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, Fleur, and Mundungus drank. All of them gasped and grimaced as the potion hit their throats: At once, their features began to bubble and distort like hot wax. Hermione and Mundungus were shooting upward; Ron, Fred, and George were shrinking; their hair was darkening, Hermione\rquote s and Fleur\rquote s appearing to shoot backward into their skulls.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Moody, quite unconcerned, was now loosening the ties of the large sacks he had brought with him. When he straightened up again, there were six Harry Potters gasping and panting in front of him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George turned to each other and said together, \ldblquote Wow \emdash  we\rquote re identical!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno, though, I think I\rquote m still better-looking,\rdblquote  said Fred, examining his reflection in the kettle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bah,\rdblquote  said Fleur, checking herself in the microwave door, \ldblquote Bill, don\rquote t look at me \emdash  I\rquote m \rquote ideous.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Those whose clothes are a bit roomy, I\rquote ve got smaller here,\rdblquote  said Moody, indicating the first sack, \ldblquote and vice versa. Don\rquote t forget the glasses, there\rquote s six pairs in the side pocket. And when you\rquote re dressed, there\rquote s luggage in the other sack.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The real Harry thought that this might just be the most bizarre thing he had ever seen, and he had seen some extremely odd things. He watched as his six doppelgangers rummaged in the sacks, pull\-ing out sets of clothes, putting on glasses, stuffing their own things away. He felt like asking them to show a little more respect for his privacy as they all began stripping off with impunity, clearly much more at ease with displaying his body than they would have been with their own.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew Ginny was lying about that tattoo,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking down at his bare chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, your eyesight really is awful,\rdblquote  said Hermione, as she put on glasses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once dressed, the fake Harrys took rucksacks and owl cages, each containing a stuffed snowy owl, from the second sack.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Moody, as at last seven dressed, bespectacled, and luggage-laden Harrys faced him. \ldblquote The pairs will be as follows: Mundungus will be traveling with me, by broom \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why\rquote m I with you?\rdblquote  grunted the Harry nearest the back door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because you\rquote re the one that needs watching,\rdblquote  growled Moody, and sure enough, his magical eye did not waver from Mundungus as he continued, \ldblquote Arthur and Fred \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m George,\rdblquote  said the twin at whom Moody was pointing. \ldblquote Can\rquote t you even tell us apart when we\rquote re Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sorry, George \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m only yanking your wand, I\rquote m Fred really \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Enough messing around!\rdblquote  snarled Moody. \ldblquote The other one \emdash  George or Fred or whoever you are \emdash  you\rquote re with Remus. Miss Delacour \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m taking Fleur on a thestral,\rdblquote  said Bill. \ldblquote She\rquote s not that fond of brooms.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fleur walked over to stand beside him, giving him a soppy, slav\-ish look that Harry hoped with all his heart would never appear on his face again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Miss Granger with Kingsley, again by thestral \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked reassured as she answered Kingsley\rquote s smile; Harry knew that Hermione too lacked confidence on a broomstick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which leaves you and me, Ron!\rdblquote  said Tonks brightly, knocking over a mug tree as she waved at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron did not look quite as pleased as Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An\rquote  you\rquote re with me, Harry. That all righ\rquote ?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking a little anxious. \ldblquote We\rquote ll be on the bike, brooms an\rquote  thestrals can\rquote t take me weight, see. Not a lot o\rquote  room on the seat with me on it, though, so you\rquote ll be in the sidecar.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s great,\rdblquote  said Harry, not altogether truthfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We think the Death Eaters will expect you to be on a broom,\rdblquote  said Moody, who seemed to guess how Harry was feeling. \ldblquote Snape\rquote s had plenty of time to tell them everything about you he\rquote s never men\-tioned before, so if we do run into any Death Eaters, we\rquote re betting they\rquote ll choose one of the Potters who look at home on a broomstick. All right then,\rdblquote  he went on, tying up the sack with the fake Potters\rquote  clothes in it and leading the way back to the door, \ldblquote I make it three minutes until we\rquote re supposed to leave. No point locking the back door, it won\rquote t keep the Death Eaters out when they come looking. \'85 Come on. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hurried into the hall to fetch his rucksack, Firebolt, and Hedwig\rquote s cage before joining the others in the dark back garden.\lang3081  \lang1033 On every side broomsticks were leaping into hands; Hermione had already been helped up onto a great black thestral by Kingsley, Fleur onto the other by Bill. Hagrid was standing ready beside the motorbike, goggles on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is this it? Is this Sirius\rquote s bike?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The very same,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, beaming down at Harry. \ldblquote An\rquote  the last time yeh was on it, Harry, I could fit yeh in one hand!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not help but feel a little humiliated as he got into the sidecar. It placed him several feet below everybody else: Ron smirked at the sight of him sitting there like a child in a bumper car. Harry stuffed his rucksack and broomstick down by his feet and rammed Hedwig\rquote s cage between his knees. It was extremely uncomfortable.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur\rquote s done a bit o\rquote  tinkerin\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, quite oblivious to Harry\rquote s discomfort. He settled himself astride the motorcycle, which creaked slightly and sank inches into the ground. \ldblquote It\rquote s got a few tricks up its handlebars now. Tha\rquote  one was my idea.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pointed a thick finger at a purple button near the speed\-ometer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please be careful, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, who was standing beside them, holding his broomstick. \ldblquote I\rquote m still not sure that was advisable and it\rquote s certainly only to be used in emergencies.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right then,\rdblquote  said Moody. \ldblquote Everyone ready, please; I want us all to leave at exactly the same time or the whole point of the diversion\rquote s lost.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everybody mounted their brooms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hold tight now, Ron,\rdblquote  said Tonks, and Harry saw Ron throw a furtive, guilty look at Lupin before placing his hands on either side\lang3081  \lang1033 of her waist. Hagrid kicked the motorbike into life: It roared like a dragon, and the sidecar began to vibrate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good luck, everyone,\rdblquote  shouted Moody. \ldblquote See you all in about an hour at the Burrow. On the count of three. One \'85 two \'85 THREE.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a great roar from the motorbike, and Harry felt the sidecar give a nasty lurch: He was rising through the air fast, his eyes watering slightly, hair whipped back off his face. Around him brooms were soaring upward too; the long black tail of a thestral flicked past. His legs, jammed into the sidecar by Hedwig\rquote s cage and his rucksack, were already sore and starting to go numb. So great was his discomfort that he almost forgot to take a last glimpse of number four, Privet Drive; by the time he looked over the edge of the sidecar he could no longer tell which one it was. Higher and higher they climbed into the sky \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, out of nowhere, out of nothing, they were surrounded. At least thirty hooded figures, suspended in midair, formed a vast circle in the midst of which the Order members had risen, oblivious \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Screams, a blaze of green light on every side: Hagrid gave a yell and the motorbike rolled over. Harry lost any sense of where they were: Streetlights above him, yells around him, he was clinging to the sidecar for dear life. Hedwig\rquote s cage, the Firebolt, and his ruck\-sack slipped from beneath his knees \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  HEDWIG!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The broomstick spun to earth, but he just managed to seize the strap of his rucksack and the top of the cage as the motorbike swung the right way up again. A second\rquote s relief, and then another\lang3081  \lang1033 burst of green light. The owl screeched and fell to the floor of the cage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  NO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The motorbike zoomed forward; Harry glimpsed hooded Death Eaters scattering as Hagrid blasted through their circle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hedwig \emdash  \i Hedwig\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the owl lay motionless and pathetic as a toy on the floor of her cage. He could not take it in, and his terror for the others was paramount. He glanced over his shoulder and saw a mass of people moving, flares of green light, two pairs of people on brooms soaring off into the distance, but he could not tell who they were \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, we\rquote ve got to go back, we\rquote ve got to go back!\rdblquote  he yelled over the thunderous roar of the engine, pulling out his wand, ram\-ming Hedwig\rquote s cage onto the floor, refusing to believe that she was dead. \ldblquote Hagrid, TURN\lang3081  \lang1033 AROUND!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My job\rquote s ter get you there safe, Harry!\rdblquote  bellowed Hagrid, and he opened the throttle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop \emdash  STOP!\rdblquote  Harry shouted, but as he looked back again two jets of green light flew past his left ear: Four Death Eaters had broken away from the circle and were pursuing them, aiming for Hagrid\rquote s broad back. Hagrid swerved, but the Death Eaters were keeping up with the bike; more curses shot after them, and Harry had to sink low into the sidecar to avoid them. Wriggling around he cried, \ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote  and a red bolt of light shot from his own wand, cleaving a gap between the four pursuing Death Eaters as they scat\-tered to avoid it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hold on, Harry, this\rquote ll do for \rquote em!\rdblquote  roared Hagrid, and Harry looked up just in time to see Hagrid slamming a thick finger into a green button near the fuel gauge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A wall, a solid brick wall, erupted out of the exhaust pipe. Cran\-ing his neck, Harry saw it expand into being in midair. Three of the Death Eaters swerved and avoided it, but the fourth was not so lucky: He vanished from view and then dropped like a boulder from behind it, his broomstick broken into pieces. One of his fellows slowed up to save him, but they and the airborne wall were swallowed by darkness as Hagrid leaned low over the handlebars and sped up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 More Killing Curses flew past Harry\rquote s head from the two re\-maining Death Eaters\rquote  wands; they were aiming for Hagrid. Harry responded with further Stunning Spells: Red and green collided in midair in a shower of multicolored sparks, and Harry thought wildly of fireworks, and the Muggles below who would have no idea what was happening \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here we go again, Harry, hold on!\rdblquote  yelled Hagrid, and he jabbed at a second button. This time a great net burst from the bike\rquote s ex\-haust, but the Death Eaters were ready for it. Not only did they swerve to avoid it, but the companion who had slowed to save their unconscious friend had caught up. He bloomed suddenly out of the darkness and now three of them were pursuing the motorbike, all shooting curses after it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This\rquote ll do it, Harry, hold on tight!\rdblquote  yelled Hagrid, and Harry saw him slam his whole hand onto the purple button beside the speedometer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With an unmistakable bellowing roar, dragon fire burst from the exhaust, white-hot and blue, and the motorbike shot forward like a bullet with a sound of wrenching metal. Harry saw the Death Eat\-ers swerve out of sight to avoid the deadly trail of flame, and at the same time felt the sidecar sway ominously: Its metal connections to the bike had splintered with the force of acceleration.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all righ\rquote , Harry!\rdblquote  bellowed Hagrid, now thrown flat onto his back by the surge of speed; nobody was steering now, and the sidecar was starting to twist violently in the bike\rquote s slipstream.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m on it, Harry, don\rquote  worry!\rdblquote  Hagrid yelled, and from inside his jacket pocket he pulled his flowery pink umbrella.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid! No! Let me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i REPARO\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a deafening bang and the sidecar broke away from the bike completely: Harry sped forward, propelled by the impetus of the bike\rquote s flight, then the sidecar began to lose height \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In desperation Harry pointed his wand at the sidecar and shouted, \ldblquote\i Wingardium Leviosa\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sidecar rose like a cork, unsteerable but at least still airborne: He had but a split second\rquote s relief, however, as more curses streaked past him: The three Death Eaters were closing in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m comin\rquote , Harry!\rdblquote  Hagrid yelled from out of the darkness, but Harry could feel the sidecar beginning to sink again: Crouching as low as he could, he pointed at the middle of the oncoming figures and yelled, \ldblquote\i Impedimenta\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The jinx hit the middle Death Eater in the chest: For a moment the man was absurdly spread-eagled in midair as though he had hit an invisible barrier: One of his fellows almost collided with him \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then the sidecar began to fall in earnest, and the remaining Death Eater shot a curse so close to Harry that he had to duck below the rim of the car, knocking out a tooth on the edge of his seat \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m comin\rquote , Harry, I\rquote m comin\rquote !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A huge hand seized the back of Harry\rquote s robes and hoisted him out of the plummeting sidecar; Harry pulled his rucksack with him as he dragged himself onto the motorbike\rquote s seat and found himself\lang3081  \lang1033 back-to-back with Hagrid. As they soared upward, away from the two remaining Death Eaters, Harry spat blood out of his mouth, pointed his wand at the falling sidecar, and yelled, \ldblquote\i Confringo\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He knew a dreadful, gut-wrenching pang for Hedwig as it ex\-ploded; the Death Eater nearest it was blasted off his broom and fell from sight; his companion fell back and vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote m sorry, I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  moaned Hagrid, \ldblquote I shouldn\rquote ta tried ter repair it meself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  yeh\rquote ve got no room \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not a problem, just keep flying!\rdblquote  Harry shouted back, as two more Death Eaters emerged out of the darkness, drawing closer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As the curses came shooting across the intervening space again, Hagrid swerved and zigzagged: Harry knew that Hagrid did not dare use the dragon-fire button again, with Harry seated so inse\-curely. Harry sent Stunning Spell after Stunning Spell back at their pursuers, barely holding them off. He shot another blocking jinx at them: The closest Death Eater swerved to avoid it and his hood slipped, and by the red light of his next Stunning Spell, Harry saw the strangely blank face of Stanley Shunpike \emdash  Stan \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s him, it\rquote s him, it\rquote s the real one!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The hooded Death Eater\rquote s shout reached Harry even above the thunder of the motorbike\rquote s engine: Next moment, both pursuers had fallen back and disappeared from view.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, what\rquote s happened?\rdblquote  bellowed Hagrid. \ldblquote Where\rquote ve they gone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry was afraid: The hooded Death Eater had shouted \ldblquote It\rquote s the real one!\rdblquote ; how had he known? He gazed around at the appar\-ently empty darkness and felt its menace. Where were they?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He clambered around on the seat to face forward and seized hold of the back of Hagrid\rquote s jacket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, do the dragon-fire thing again, let\rquote s get out of here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hold on tight, then, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a deafening, screeching roar again and the white-blue fire shot from the exhaust: Harry felt himself slipping backward off what little of the seat he had, Hagrid flung backward upon him, barely maintaining his grip on the handlebars \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we\rquote ve lost \rquote em Harry, I think we\rquote ve done it!\rdblquote  yelled Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry was not convinced: Fear lapped at him as he looked left and right for pursuers he was sure would come. \'85 Why had they fallen back? One of them had still had a wand. \'85 \i It\rquote s him\i0  \'85 \i it\rquote s the real one. \'85\i0  They had said it right after he had tried to Disarm Stan. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re nearly there, Harry, we\rquote ve nearly made it!\rdblquote  shouted Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt the bike drop a little, though the lights down on the ground still seemed remote as stars.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then the scar on his forehead burned like fire; as a Death Eater appeared on either side of the bike, two Killing Curses missed Harry by millimeters, cast from behind \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then Harry saw him. Voldemort was flying like smoke on the wind, without broomstick or thestral to hold him, his snake\-like face gleaming out of the blackness, his white fingers raising his wand again \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid let out a bellow of fear and steered the motorbike into a vertical dive. Clinging on for dear life, Harry sent Stunning Spells flying at random into the whirling night. He saw a body fly past\lang3081  \lang1033 him and knew he had hit one of them, but then he heard a bang and saw sparks from the engine; the motorbike spiraled through the air, completely out of control \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Green jets of light shot past them again. Harry had no idea which way was up, which down: His scar was still burning; he expected to die at any second. A hooded figure on a broomstick was feet from him, he saw it raise its arm \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a shout of fury Hagrid launched himself off the bike at the Death Eater; to his horror, Harry saw both Hagrid and the Death Eater falling out of sight, their combined weight too much for the broomstick \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Barely gripping the plummeting bike with his knees, Harry heard Voldemort scream, \ldblquote\i Mine\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was over: He could not see or hear where Voldemort was; he glimpsed another Death Eater swooping out of the way and heard, \ldblquote\i Avada\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As the pain from Harry\rquote s scar forced his eyes shut, his wand acted of its own accord. He felt it drag his hand around like some great magnet, saw a spurt of golden fire through his half-closed eyelids, heard a crack and a scream of fury. The remaining Death Eater yelled; Voldemort screamed, \ldblquote\i No\i0 !\rdblquote : Somehow, Harry found his nose an inch from the dragon-fire button. He punched it with his wand-free hand and the bike shot more flames into the air, hurtling straight toward the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid!\rdblquote  Harry called, holding on to the bike for dear life. \ldblquote Hagrid \emdash  \i Accio Hagrid\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The motorbike sped up, sucked toward the earth. Face level with the handlebars, Harry could see nothing but distant lights growing\lang3081  \lang1033 nearer and nearer: He was going to crash and there was nothing he could do about it. Behind him came another scream, \i\ldblquote Your wand, Selwyn, give me your wand\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt Voldemort before he saw him. Looking sideways, he stared into the red eyes and was sure they would be the last thing he ever saw: Voldemort preparing to curse him once more \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then Voldemort vanished. Harry looked down and saw Hagrid spread-eagled on the ground below him. He pulled hard at the handlebars to avoid hitting him, groped for the brake, but with an earsplitting, ground-trembling crash, he smashed into a muddy pond.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 5\par
\pard\qc Fallen Warrior\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote Hagrid?\rdblquote\par
Harry struggled to raise himself out of the debris of metal and leather that surrounded him; his hands sank into inches of muddy water as he tried to stand. He could not understand where Voldemort had gone and expected him to swoop out of the darkness at any moment. Something hot and wet was trickling down his chin and from his forehead. He crawled out of the pond and stumbled toward the great dark mass on the ground that was Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid? Hagrid, talk to me \emdash\rdblquote\par
But the dark mass did not stir.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s there? Is it Potter? Are you Harry Potter?\rdblquote\par
Harry did not recognize the man\rquote s voice. Then a woman shouted, \ldblquote They\rquote ve crashed, Ted! Crashed in the garden!\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s head was swimming.\par
\ldblquote Hagrid,\rdblquote  he repeated stupidly, and his knees buckled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The next thing he knew, he was lying on his back on what felt like cushions, with a burning sensation in his ribs and right arm. His missing tooth had been regrown. The scar on his forehead was still throbbing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened his eyes and saw that he was lying on a sofa in an un\-familiar, lamplit sitting room. His rucksack lay on the floor a short distance away, wet and muddy. A fair-haired, big-bellied man was watching Harry anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid\rquote s fine, son,\rdblquote  said the man, \ldblquote the wife\rquote s seeing to him now. How are you feeling? Anything else broken? I\rquote ve fixed your ribs, your tooth, and your arm. I\rquote m Ted, by the way, Ted Tonks \emdash  Dora\rquote s father.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat up too quickly: Lights popped in front of his eyes and he felt sick and giddy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Easy, now,\rdblquote  said Ted Tonks, placing a hand on Harry\rquote s shoul\-der and pushing him back against the cushions. \ldblquote That was a nasty crash you just had. What happened, anyway? Something go wrong with the bike? Arthur Weasley overstretch himself again, him and his Muggle contraptions?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, as his scar pulsed like an open wound. \ldblquote Death Eaters, loads of them \emdash  we were chased \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Death Eaters?\rdblquote  said Ted sharply. \ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, Death Eaters? I thought they didn\rquote t know you were being moved tonight, I thought \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They knew,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ted Tonks looked up at the ceiling as though he could see through it to the sky above.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we know our protective charms hold, then, don\rquote t we? They shouldn\rquote t be able to get within a hundred yards of the place in any direction.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Now Harry understood why Voldemort had vanished; it had been at the point when the motorbike crossed the barrier of the Order\rquote s charms. He only hoped they would continue to work: He imagined Voldemort, a hundred yards above them as they spoke, looking for a way to penetrate what Harry visualized as a great transparent bubble.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He swung his legs off the sofa; he needed to see Hagrid with his own eyes before he would believe that he was alive. He had barely stood up, however, when a door opened and Hagrid squeezed through it, his face covered in mud and blood, limping a little but miraculously alive.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Knocking over two delicate tables and an aspidistra, he covered the floor between them in two strides and pulled Harry into a hug that nearly cracked his newly repaired ribs. \ldblquote Blimey, Harry, how did yeh get out o\rquote  that? I thought we were both goners.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, me too. I can\rquote t believe \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry broke off. He had just noticed the woman who had entered the room behind Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You!\rdblquote  he shouted, and he thrust his hand into his pocket, but it was empty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your wand\rquote s here, son,\rdblquote  said Ted, tapping it on Harry\rquote s arm. \ldblquote It fell right beside you, I picked it up. And that\rquote s my wife you\rquote re shouting at.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I\rquote m \emdash  I\rquote m sorry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As she moved forward into the room, Mrs. Tonks\rquote s resemblance\lang3081  \lang1033 to her sister Bellatrix became much less pronounced: Her hair was a light, soft brown and her eyes were wider and kinder. Nevertheless, she looked a little haughty after Harry\rquote s exclamation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened to our daughter?\rdblquote  she asked. \ldblquote Hagrid said you were ambushed; where is Nymphadora?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We don\rquote t know what happened to anyone else.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She and Ted exchanged looks. A mixture of fear and guilt gripped Harry at the sight of their expressions; if any of the others had died, it was his fault, all his fault. He had consented to the plan, given them his hair. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Portkey,\rdblquote  he said, remembering all of a sudden. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got to get back to the Burrow and find out \emdash  then we\rquote ll be able to send you word, or \emdash  or Tonks will, once she\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dora\rquote ll be okay, \rquote Dromeda,\rdblquote  said Ted. \ldblquote She knows her stuff, she\rquote s been in plenty of tight spots with the Aurors. The Portkey\rquote s through here,\rdblquote  he added to Harry. \ldblquote It\rquote s supposed to leave in three minutes, if you want to take it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, we do,\rdblquote  said Harry. He seized his rucksack, swung it onto his shoulders. \ldblquote I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked at Mrs. Tonks, wanting to apologize for the state of fear in which he left her and for which he felt so terribly respon\-sible, but no words occurred to him that did not seem hollow and insincere.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll tell Tonks \emdash  Dora \emdash  to send word, when she \'85 Thanks for patching us up, thanks for everything. I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was glad to leave the room and follow Ted Tonks along a short hallway and into a bedroom. Hagrid came after them, bending low to avoid hitting his head on the door lintel.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There you go, son. That\rquote s the Portkey.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Tonks was pointing to a small, silver-backed hairbrush lying on the dressing table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, reaching out to place a finger on it, ready to leave.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait a moment,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking around. \ldblquote Harry, where\rquote s Hedwig?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She \'85 she got hit,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The realization crashed over him: He felt ashamed of himself as the tears stung his eyes. The owl had been his companion, his one great link with the magical world whenever he had been forced to return to the Dursleys.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid reached out a great hand and patted him painfully on the shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never mind,\rdblquote  he said gruffly. \ldblquote Never mind. She had a great old life \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid!\rdblquote  said Ted Tonks warningly, as the hairbrush glowed bright blue, and Hagrid only just got his forefinger to it in time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a jerk behind the navel as though an invisible hook and line had dragged him forward, Harry was pulled into nothingness, spin\-ning uncontrollably, his finger glued to the Portkey as he and Hagrid hurtled away from Mr. Tonks. Seconds later Harry\rquote s feet slammed onto hard ground and he fell onto his hands and knees in the yard of the Burrow. He heard screams. Throwing aside the no longer glowing hairbrush, Harry stood up, swaying slightly, and saw Mrs. Weasley and Ginny running down the steps by the back door as Hagrid, who had also collapsed on landing, clambered laboriously to his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry? You are the real Harry? What happened? Where are the others?\rdblquote  cried Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean? Isn\rquote t anyone else back?\rdblquote  Harry panted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The answer was clearly etched in Mrs. Weasley\rquote s pale face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Death Eaters were waiting for us,\rdblquote  Harry told her. \ldblquote We were surrounded the moment we took off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  they knew it was to\-night \emdash  I don\rquote t know what happened to anyone else, four of them chased us, it was all we could do to get away, and then Voldemort caught up with us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could hear the self-justifying note in his voice, the plea for her to understand why he did not know what had happened to her sons, but \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank goodness you\rquote re all right,\rdblquote  she said, pulling him into a hug he did not feel he deserved.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Haven\rquote t go\rquote  any brandy, have yeh, Molly?\rdblquote  asked Hagrid a little shakily. \ldblquote Fer medicinal purposes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She could have summoned it by magic, but as she hurried back toward the crooked house, Harry knew that she wanted to hide her face. He turned to Ginny and she answered his unspoken plea for information at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron and Tonks should have been back first, but they missed their Portkey, it came back without them,\rdblquote  she said, pointing at a rusty oil can lying on the ground nearby. \ldblquote And that one,\rdblquote  she pointed at an ancient sneaker, \ldblquote should have been Dad and Fred\rquote s, they were supposed to be second. You and Hagrid were third and,\rdblquote  she checked her watch, \ldblquote if they made it, George and Lupin ought to be back in about a minute.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley reappeared carrying a bottle of brandy, which she handed to Hagrid. He uncorked it and drank it straight down in one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum!\rdblquote  shouted Ginny, pointing to a spot several feet away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A blue light had appeared in the darkness: It grew larger and brighter, and Lupin and George appeared, spinning and then falling. Harry knew immediately that there was something wrong: Lupin was supporting George, who was unconscious and whose face was covered in blood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry ran forward and seized George\rquote s legs. Together, he and Lupin carried George into the house and through the kitchen to the sitting room, where they laid him on the sofa. As the lamplight fell across George\rquote s head, Ginny gasped and Harry\rquote s stomach lurched: One of George\rquote s ears was missing. The side of his head and neck were drenched in wet, shockingly scarlet blood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No sooner had Mrs. Weasley bent over her son than Lupin grabbed Harry by the upper arm and dragged him, none too gently, back into the kitchen, where Hagrid was still attempting to ease his bulk through the back door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oi!\rdblquote  said Hagrid indignantly. \ldblquote Le\rquote  go of him! Le\rquote  go of Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin ignored him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What creature sat in the corner the first time that Harry Potter visited my office at Hogwarts?\rdblquote  he said, giving Harry a small shake. \ldblquote Answer me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A \emdash  a grindylow in a tank, wasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin released Harry and fell back against a kitchen cupboard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wha\rquote  was tha\rquote  about?\rdblquote  roared Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, Harry, but I had to check,\rdblquote  said Lupin tersely. \ldblquote We\rquote ve been betrayed. Voldemort knew that you were being moved tonight and the only people who could have told him were directly involved in the plan. You might have been an impostor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So why aren\rquote  you checkin\rquote  me?\rdblquote  panted Hagrid, still struggling to fit through the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re half-giant,\rdblquote  said Lupin, looking up at Hagrid. \ldblquote The Polyjuice Potion is designed for human use only.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote None of the Order would have told Voldemort we were mov\-ing tonight,\rdblquote  said Harry. The idea was dreadful to him, he could not believe it of any of them. \ldblquote Voldemort only caught up with me toward the end, he didn\rquote t know which one I was in the beginning. If he\rquote d been in on the plan he\rquote d have known from the start I was the one with Hagrid.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort caught up with you?\rdblquote  said Lupin sharply. \ldblquote What happened? How did you escape?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry explained briefly how the Death Eaters pursuing them had seemed to recognize him as the true Harry, how they had aban\-doned the chase, how they must have summoned Voldemort, who had appeared just before he and Hagrid had reached the sanctuary of Tonks\rquote s parents.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They recognized you? But how? What had you done?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85\rdblquote  Harry tried to remember; the whole journey seemed like a blur of panic and confusion. \ldblquote I saw Stan Shunpike. \'85 You know, the bloke who was the conductor on the Knight Bus? And I tried to Disarm him instead of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  well, he doesn\rquote t know what he\rquote s doing, does he? He must be Imperiused!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin looked aghast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, the time for Disarming is past! These people are trying to capture and kill you! At least Stun if you aren\rquote t prepared to kill!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We were hundreds of feet up! Stan\rquote s not himself, and if I Stunned him and he\rquote d fallen, he\rquote d have died the same as if I\rquote d used Avada Kedavra! Expelliarmus saved me from Voldemort two years ago,\rdblquote  Harry added defiantly. Lupin was reminding him of the sneering\lang3081  \lang1033 Hufflepuff Zacharias Smith, who had jeered at Harry for wanting to teach Dumbledore\rquote s Army how to Disarm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Harry,\rdblquote  said Lupin with painful restraint, \ldblquote and a great num\-ber of Death Eaters witnessed that happening! Forgive me, but it was a very unusual move then, under imminent threat of death. Repeating it tonight in front of Death Eaters who either witnessed or heard about the first occasion was close to suicidal!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you think I should have killed Stan Shunpike?\rdblquote  said Harry angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course not,\rdblquote  said Lupin, \ldblquote but the Death Eaters \emdash  frankly, most people! \emdash  would have expected you to attack back! Expelliar\-mus is a useful spell, Harry, but the Death Eaters seem to think it is your signature move, and I urge you not to let it become so!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin was making Harry feel idiotic, and yet there was still a grain of defiance inside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I won\rquote t blast people out of my way just because they\rquote re there,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote That\rquote s Voldemort\rquote s job.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin\rquote s retort was lost: Finally succeeding in squeezing through the door, Hagrid staggered to a chair and sat down; it collapsed beneath him. Ignoring his mingled oaths and apologies, Harry ad\-dressed Lupin again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Will George be okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All Lupin\rquote s frustration with Harry seemed to drain away at the question.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think so, although there\rquote s no chance of replacing his ear, not when it\rquote s been cursed off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a scuffling from outside. Lupin dived for the back door; Harry leapt over Hagrid\rquote s legs and sprinted into the yard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Two figures had appeared in the yard, and as Harry ran toward them he realized they were Hermione, now returning to her normal appearance, and Kingsley, both clutching a bent coat hanger. Hermi\-one flung herself into Harry\rquote s arms, but Kingsley showed no pleasure at the sight of any of them. Over Hermione\rquote s shoulder Harry saw him raise his wand and point it at Lupin\rquote s chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The last words Albus Dumbledore spoke to the pair of us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Harry is the best hope we have. Trust him,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Lupin calmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kingsley turned his wand on Harry, but Lupin said, \ldblquote It\rquote s him, I\rquote ve checked!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, all right!\rdblquote  said Kingsley, stowing his wand back be\-neath his cloak. \ldblquote But somebody betrayed us! They knew, they knew it was tonight!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So it seems,\rdblquote  replied Lupin, \ldblquote but apparently they did not realize that there would be seven Harrys.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Small comfort!\rdblquote  snarled Kingsley. \ldblquote Who else is back?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only Harry, Hagrid, George, and me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione stifled a little moan behind her hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened to you?\rdblquote  Lupin asked Kingsley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Followed by five, injured two, might\rquote ve killed one,\rdblquote  Kingsley reeled off, \ldblquote and we saw You-Know-Who as well, he joined the chase halfway through but vanished pretty quickly. Remus, he can \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fly,\rdblquote  supplied Harry. \ldblquote I saw him too, he came after Hagrid and me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that\rquote s why he left, to follow you!\rdblquote  said Kingsley. \ldblquote I couldn\rquote t un\-derstand why he\rquote d vanished. But what made him change targets?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry behaved a little too kindly to Stan Shunpike,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stan?\rdblquote  repeated Hermione. \ldblquote But I thought he was in Azkaban?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kingsley let out a mirthless laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, there\rquote s obviously been a mass breakout which the Ministry has hushed up. Travers\rquote s hood fell off when I cursed him, he\rquote s supposed to be inside too. But what happened to you, Remus? Where\rquote s George?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He lost an ear,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lost an \emdash  ?\rdblquote  repeated Hermione in a high voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape\rquote s work,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Snape\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 shouted Harry. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t say\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He lost his hood during the chase. Sectumsempra was always a speciality of Snape\rquote s. I wish I could say I\rquote d paid him back in kind, but it was all I could do to keep George on the broom after he was injured, he was losing so much blood.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Silence fell between the four of them as they looked up at the sky. There was no sign of movement; the stars stared back, unblinking, indifferent, unobscured by flying friends. Where was Ron? Where were Fred and Mr. Weasley? Where were Bill, Fleur, Tonks, Mad-Eye, and Mundungus?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, give us a hand!\rdblquote  called Hagrid hoarsely from the door, in which he was stuck again. Glad of something to do, Harry pulled him free, then headed through the empty kitchen and back into the sitting room, where Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were still tending to George. Mrs. Weasley had staunched his bleeding now, and by the lamplight Harry saw a clean, gaping hole where George\rquote s ear had been.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How is he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley looked around and said, \ldblquote I can\rquote t make it grow back, not when it\rquote s been removed by Dark Magic. But it could have been so much worse. \'85 He\rquote s alive.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Thank God.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did I hear someone else in the yard?\rdblquote  Ginny asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione and Kingsley,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank goodness,\rdblquote  Ginny whispered. They looked at each other; Harry wanted to hug her, hold on to her; he did not even care much that Mrs. Weasley was there, but before he could act on the impulse there was a great crash from the kitchen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll prove who I am, Kingsley, after I\rquote ve seen my son, now back off if you know what\rquote s good for you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had never heard Mr. Weasley shout like that before. He burst into the living room, his bald patch gleaming with sweat, his spectacles askew, Fred right behind him, both pale but uninjured.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur!\rdblquote  sobbed Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote Oh thank goodness!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How is he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley dropped to his knees beside George. For the first time since Harry had known him, Fred seemed to be lost for words. He gaped over the back of the sofa at his twin\rquote s wound as if he could not believe what he was seeing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Perhaps roused by the sound of Fred and their father\rquote s arrival, George stirred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you feel, Georgie?\rdblquote  whispered Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 George\rquote s fingers groped for the side of his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Saintlike,\rdblquote  he murmured.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong with him?\rdblquote  croaked Fred, looking terrified. \ldblquote Is his mind affected?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Saintlike,\rdblquote  repeated George, opening his eyes and looking up at his brother. \ldblquote You see \'85 I\rquote m holy. \i Holey,\i0  Fred, geddit?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley sobbed harder than ever. Color flooded Fred\rquote s pale face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pathetic,\rdblquote  he told George. \ldblquote Pathetic! With the whole wide world of ear-related humor before you, you go for \i holey\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah well,\rdblquote  said George, grinning at his tear-soaked mother. \ldblquote You\rquote ll be able to tell us apart now, anyway, Mum.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Harry \emdash  you are Harry, right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I am,\rdblquote  said Harry, moving closer to the sofa.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, at least we got you back okay,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Why aren\rquote t Ron and Bill huddled round my sickbed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re not back yet, George,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. George\rquote s grin faded. \par
Harry glanced at Ginny and motioned to her to accompany him back outside. As they walked through the kitchen she said in a low voice, \ldblquote Ron and Tonks should be back by now. They didn\rquote t have a long journey; Auntie Muriel\rquote s not that far from here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said nothing. He had been trying to keep fear at bay ever since reaching the Burrow, but now it enveloped him, seeming to crawl over his skin, throbbing in his chest, clogging his throat. As they walked down the back steps into the dark yard, Ginny took his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kingsley was striding backward and forward, glancing up at the sky every time he turned. Harry was reminded of Uncle Vernon pacing the living room a million years ago. Hagrid, Hermione, and Lupin stood shoulder to shoulder, gazing upward in silence. None of them looked around when Harry and Ginny joined their silent vigil.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The minutes stretched into what might as well have been years. The slightest breath of wind made them all jump and turn toward the whispering bush or tree in the hope that one of the missing Order members might leap unscathed from its leaves \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then a broom materialized directly above them and streaked toward the ground \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s them!\rdblquote  screamed Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tonks landed in a long skid that sent earth and pebbles everywhere.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remus!\rdblquote  Tonks cried as she staggered off the broom into Lupin\rquote s arms. His face was set and white: He seemed unable to speak. Ron tripped dazedly toward Harry and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re okay,\rdblquote  he mumbled, before Hermione flew at him and hugged him tightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought \emdash  I thought \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote M all right,\rdblquote  said Ron, patting her on the back. \ldblquote  \rquote M fine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron was great,\rdblquote  said Tonks warmly, relinquishing her hold on Lupin. \ldblquote Wonderful. Stunned one of the Death Eaters, straight to the head, and when you\rquote re aiming at a moving target from a flying broom \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You did?\rdblquote  said Hermione, gazing up at Ron with her arms still around his neck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Always the tone of surprise,\rdblquote  he said a little grumpily, breaking free. \ldblquote Are we the last back?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ginny, \ldblquote we\rquote re still waiting for Bill and Fleur and Mad-Eye and Mundungus. I\rquote m going to tell Mum and Dad you\rquote re okay, Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She ran back inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what kept you? What happened?\rdblquote  Lupin sounded almost angry at Tonks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bellatrix,\rdblquote  said Tonks. \ldblquote She wants me quite as much as she wants Harry, Remus, she tried very hard to kill me. I just wish I\rquote d got her, I owe Bellatrix. But we definitely injured Rodolphus. \'85 Then we\lang3081  \lang1033 got to Ron\rquote s Auntie Muriel\rquote s and we\rquote d missed our Portkey and she was fussing over us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A muscle was jumping in Lupin\rquote s jaw. He nodded, but seemed unable to say anything else.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what happened to you lot?\rdblquote  Tonks asked, turning to Harry, Hermione, and Kingsley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They recounted the stories of their own journeys, but all the time the continued absence of Bill, Fleur, Mad-Eye, and Mundungus seemed to lie upon them like a frost, its icy bite harder and harder to ignore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to have to get back to Downing Street, I should have been there an hour ago,\rdblquote  said Kingsley finally, after a last sweeping gaze at the sky. \ldblquote Let me know when they\rquote re back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin nodded. With a wave to the others, Kingsley walked away into the darkness toward the gate. Harry thought he heard the faintest \i pop\i0  as Kingsley Disapparated just beyond the Burrow\rquote s boundaries.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. and Mrs. Weasley came racing down the back steps, Ginny behind them. Both parents hugged Ron before turning to Lupin and Tonks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, \ldblquote for our sons.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be silly, Molly,\rdblquote  said Tonks at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote s George?\rdblquote  asked Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong with him?\rdblquote  piped up Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s lost \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the end of Mrs. Weasley\rquote s sentence was drowned in a gen\-eral outcry: A thestral had just soared into sight and landed a few feet from them. Bill and Fleur slid from its back, windswept but unhurt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bill! Thank God, thank God \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley ran forward, but the hug Bill bestowed upon her was perfunctory. Looking directly at his father, he said, \ldblquote Mad-Eye\rquote s dead.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody spoke, nobody moved. Harry felt as though something inside him was falling, falling through the earth, leaving him forever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We saw it,\rdblquote  said Bill; Fleur nodded, tear tracks glittering on her cheeks in the light from the kitchen window. \ldblquote It happened just after we broke out of the circle: Mad-Eye and Dung were close by us, they were heading north too. Voldemort \emdash  he can fly \emdash  went straight for them. Dung panicked, I heard him cry out, Mad-Eye tried to stop him, but he Disapparated. Voldemort\rquote s curse hit Mad-Eye full in the face, he fell backward off his broom and \emdash  there was nothing we could do, nothing, we had half a dozen of them on our own tail \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bill\rquote s voice broke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course you couldn\rquote t have done anything,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all stood looking at each other. Harry could not quite com\-prehend it. Mad-Eye dead; it could not be. \'85 Mad-Eye, so tough, so brave, the consummate survivor \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At last it seemed to dawn on everyone, though nobody said it, that there was no point waiting in the yard anymore, and in silence they followed Mr. and Mrs. Weasley back into the Burrow, and into the living room, where Fred and George were laughing together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong?\rdblquote  said Fred, scanning their faces as they entered. \ldblquote What\rquote s happened? Who\rquote s \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mad-Eye,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Dead.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The twins\rquote  grins turned to grimaces of shock. Nobody seemed\lang3081  \lang1033 to know what to do. Tonks was crying silently into a handkerchief: She had been close to Mad-Eye, Harry knew, his favorite and his prot\'e9g\'e9e at the Ministry of Magic. Hagrid, who had sat down on the floor in the corner where he had most space, was dabbing at his eyes with his tablecloth-sized handkerchief.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bill walked over to the sideboard and pulled out a bottle of fire-whisky and some glasses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  he said, and with a wave of his wand he sent twelve full glasses soaring through the room to each of them, holding the thir\-teenth aloft. \ldblquote Mad-Eye.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mad-Eye,\rdblquote  they all said, and drank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mad-Eye,\rdblquote  echoed Hagrid, a little late, with a hiccup.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The firewhisky seared Harry\rquote s throat. It seemed to burn feeling back into him, dispelling the numbness and sense of unreality, fir\-ing him with something that was like courage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So Mundungus disappeared?\rdblquote  said Lupin, who had drained his own glass in one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The atmosphere changed at once. Everybody looked tense, watch\-ing Lupin, both wanting him to go on, it seemed to Harry, and slightly afraid of what they might hear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know what you\rquote re thinking,\rdblquote  said Bill, \ldblquote and I wondered that too, on the way back here, because they seemed to be expecting us, didn\rquote t they? But Mundungus can\rquote t have betrayed us. They didn\rquote t know there would be seven Harrys, that confused them the moment we appeared, and in case you\rquote ve forgotten, it was Mundungus who suggested that little bit of skullduggery. Why wouldn\rquote t he have told them the essential point? I think Dung panicked, it\rquote s as simple as that. He didn\rquote t want to come in the first place, but Mad-Eye made him, and You-Know-Who went straight for them. It was enough to make anyone panic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You-Know-Who acted exactly as Mad-Eye expected him to,\rdblquote  sniffed Tonks. \ldblquote Mad-Eye said he\rquote d expect the real Harry to be with the toughest, most skilled Aurors. He chased Mad-Eye first, and when Mundungus gave them away he switched to Kingsley. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, and zat eez all very good,\rdblquote  snapped Fleur, \ldblquote but still eet does not explain \rquote ow zey knew we were moving \rquote Arry tonight, does eet? Somebody must \rquote ave been careless. Somebody let slip ze date to an outsider. It is ze only explanation for zem knowing ze date but not ze \rquote ole plan.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She glared around at them all, tear tracks still etched on her beau\-tiful face, silently daring any of them to contradict her. Nobody did. The only sound to break the silence was that of Hagrid hiccuping from behind his handkerchief. Harry glanced at Hagrid, who had just risked his own life to save Harry\rquote s \emdash  Hagrid, whom he loved, whom he trusted, who had once been tricked into giving Voldemort crucial information in exchange for a dragon\rquote s egg. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Harry said aloud, and they all looked at him, surprised: The firewhisky seemed to have amplified his voice. \ldblquote I mean \'85 if somebody made a mistake,\rdblquote  Harry went on, \ldblquote and let something slip, I know they didn\rquote t mean to do it. It\rquote s not their fault,\rdblquote  he repeated, again a little louder than he would usually have spoken. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got to trust each other. I trust all of you, I don\rquote t think anyone in this room would ever sell me to Voldemort.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 More silence followed his words. They were all looking at him;\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry felt a little hot again, and drank some more firewhisky for\lang3081  \lang1033 something to do. As he drank, he thought of Mad-Eye. Mad-Eye\lang3081  \lang1033 had always been scathing about Dumbledore\rquote s willingness to trust\lang3081  \lang1033 people.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well said, Harry,\rdblquote  said Fred unexpectedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, \rquote ear, \rquote ear,\rdblquote  said George, with half a glance at Fred, the cor\-ner of whose mouth twitched.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin was wearing an odd expression as he looked at Harry. It was close to pitying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think I\rquote m a fool?\rdblquote  demanded Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I think you\rquote re like James,\rdblquote  said Lupin, \ldblquote who would have regarded it as the height of dishonor to mistrust his friends.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry knew what Lupin was getting at: that his father had been betrayed by his friend, Peter Pettigrew. He felt irrationally angry. He wanted to argue, but Lupin had turned away from him, set down his glass upon a side table, and addressed Bill, \ldblquote There\rquote s work to do. I can ask Kingsley whether \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Bill at once, \ldblquote I\rquote ll do it, I\rquote ll come.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are you going?\rdblquote  said Tonks and Fleur together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mad-Eye\rquote s body,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote We need to recover it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t it \emdash  ?\rdblquote  began Mrs. Weasley with an appealing look at Bill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait?\rdblquote  said Bill. \ldblquote Not unless you\rquote d rather the Death Eaters took it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody spoke. Lupin and Bill said good-bye and left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The rest of them now dropped into chairs, all except for Harry, who remained standing. The suddenness and completeness of death was with them like a presence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got to go too,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ten pairs of startled eyes looked at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be silly, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote What are you talk\-ing about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t stay here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He rubbed his forehead; it was prickling again, it had not hurt like this for more than a year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re all in danger while I\rquote m here. I don\rquote t want \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But don\rquote t be so silly!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote The whole point of tonight was to get you here safely, and thank goodness it worked. And Fleur\rquote s agreed to get married here rather than in France, we\rquote ve arranged everything so that we can all stay together and look after you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She did not understand; she was making him feel worse, not better.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If Voldemort finds out I\rquote m here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why should he?\rdblquote  asked Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are a dozen places you might be now, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote He\rquote s got no way of knowing which safe house you\rquote re in.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not me I\rquote m worried for!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We know that,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley quietly, \ldblquote but it would make our efforts tonight seem rather pointless if you left.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yer not goin\rquote  anywhere,\rdblquote  growled Hagrid. \ldblquote Blimey, Harry, after all we wen\rquote  through ter get you here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, what about my bleeding ear?\rdblquote  said George, hoisting him\-self up on his cushions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know that \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mad-Eye wouldn\rquote t want \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I KNOW!\rdblquote  Harry bellowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt beleaguered and blackmailed: Did they think he did not know what they had done for him, didn\rquote t they understand that it was for precisely that reason that he wanted to go now, before they\lang3081  \lang1033 had to suffer any more on his behalf? There was a long and awkward silence in which his scar continued to prickle and throb, and which was broken at last by Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Hedwig, Harry?\rdblquote  she said coaxingly. \ldblquote We can put her up with Pigwidgeon and give her something to eat.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His insides clenched like a fist. He could not tell her the truth. He drank the last of his firewhisky to avoid answering.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait till it gets out yeh did it again, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Es\-caped him, fought him off when he was right on top of yeh!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It wasn\rquote t me,\rdblquote  said Harry flatly. \ldblquote It was my wand. My wand acted of its own accord.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After a few moments, Hermione said gently, \ldblquote But that\rquote s impos\-sible, Harry. You mean that you did magic without meaning to; you reacted instinctively.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote The bike was falling, I couldn\rquote t have told you where Voldemort was, but my wand spun in my hand and found him and shot a spell at him, and it wasn\rquote t even a spell I recognized. I\rquote ve never made gold flames appear before.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Often,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, \ldblquote when you\rquote re in a pressured situation you can produce magic you never dreamed of. Small children often find, before they\rquote re trained \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It wasn\rquote t like that,\rdblquote  said Harry through gritted teeth. His scar was burning: He felt angry and frustrated; he hated the idea that they were all imagining him to have power to match Voldemort\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No one said anything. He knew that they did not believe him. Now that he came to think of it, he had never heard of a wand per\-forming magic on its own before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His scar seared with pain; it was all he could do not to moan aloud. Muttering about fresh air, he set down his glass and left the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As he crossed the dark yard, the great skeletal thestral looked up, rustled its enormous batlike wings, then resumed its grazing. Harry stopped at the gate into the garden, staring out at its overgrown plants, rubbing his pounding forehead and thinking of Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore would have believed him, he knew it. Dumbledore would have known how and why Harry\rquote s wand had acted indepen\-dently, because Dumbledore always had the answers; he had known about wands, had explained to Harry the strange connection that existed between his wand and Voldemort\rquote s. \'85 But Dumbledore, like Mad-Eye, like Sirius, like his parents, like his poor owl, all were gone where Harry could never talk to them again. He felt a burning in his throat that had nothing to do with firewhisky \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, out of nowhere, the pain in his scar peaked. As he clutched his forehead and closed his eyes, a voice screamed inside his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You told me the problem would be solved by using another\rquote s wand\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And into his mind burst the vision of an emaciated old man lying in rags upon a stone floor, screaming, a horrible, drawn-out scream, a scream of unendurable agony. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No! No! I beg you, I beg you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You lied to Lord Voldemort, Ollivander!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did not. \'85 I swear I did not. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You sought to help Potter, to help him escape me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I swear I did not. \'85 I believed a different wand would work. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Explain, then, what happened. Lucius\rquote s wand is destroyed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I cannot understand. \'85 The connection \'85 exists only \'85 be\-tween your two wands. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Lies\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please \'85 I beg you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Harry saw the white hand raise its wand and felt Voldemort\rquote s surge of vicious anger, saw the frail old man on the floor writhe in agony \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was over as quickly as it had come: Harry stood shaking in the darkness, clutching the gate into the garden, his heart racing, his scar still tingling. It was several moments before he realized that Ron and Hermione were at his side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, come back in the house,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote You aren\rquote t still thinking of leaving?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, you\rquote ve got to stay, mate,\rdblquote  said Ron, thumping Harry on the back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you all right?\rdblquote  Hermione asked, close enough now to look into Harry\rquote s face. \ldblquote You look awful!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Harry shakily, \ldblquote I probably look better than Olli\-vander. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When he had finished telling them what he had seen, Ron looked appalled, but Hermione downright terrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it was supposed to have stopped! Your scar \emdash  it wasn\rquote t sup\-posed to do this anymore! You mustn\rquote t let that connection open up again \emdash  Dumbledore wanted you to close your mind!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When he did not reply, she gripped his arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, he\rquote s taking over the Ministry and the newspapers and half the Wizarding world! Don\rquote t let him inside your head too!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 6\par
\pard\qc The Ghoul in Pajamas\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
The shock of losing Mad-Eye hung over the house in the days that followed; Harry kept expecting to see him stumping in through the back door like the other Order members, who passed in and out to relay news. Harry felt that nothing but action would assuage his feelings of guilt and grief and that he ought to set out on his mission to find and destroy Horcruxes as soon as possible.\par
\ldblquote Well, you can\rquote t do anything about the\rdblquote  \emdash  Ron mouthed the word \i Horcruxes\i0  \emdash  \ldblquote till you\rquote re seventeen. You\rquote ve still got the Trace on you. And we can plan here as well as anywhere, can\rquote t we? Or,\rdblquote  he dropped his voice to a whisper, \ldblquote d\rquote you reckon you already know where the You-Know-Whats are?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Harry admitted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think Hermione\rquote s been doing a bit of research,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote She said she was saving it for when you got here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were sitting at the breakfast table; Mr. Weasley and Bill had\lang3081  \lang1033 just left for work. Mrs. Weasley had gone upstairs to wake Hermione and Ginny, while Fleur had drifted off to take a bath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Trace\rquote ll break on the thirty-first,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote That means I only need to stay here four days. Then I can \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Five days,\rdblquote  Ron corrected him firmly. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got to stay for the wedding. They\rquote ll kill us if we miss it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry understood \ldblquote they\rdblquote  to mean Fleur and Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s one extra day,\rdblquote  said Ron, when Harry looked mutinous.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t they realize how important \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course they don\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote They haven\rquote t got a clue. And now you mention it, I wanted to talk to you about that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron glanced toward the door into the hall to check that Mrs. Weasley was not returning yet, then leaned in closer to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum\rquote s been trying to get it out of Hermione and me. What we\rquote re off to do. She\rquote ll try you next, so brace yourself. Dad and Lupin\rquote ve both asked as well, but when we said Dumbledore told you not to tell anyone except us, they dropped it. Not Mum, though. She\rquote s determined.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s prediction came true within hours. Shortly before lunch, Mrs. Weasley detached Harry from the others by asking him to help identify a lone man\rquote s sock that she thought might have come out of his rucksack. Once she had him cornered in the tiny scullery off the kitchen, she started.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron and Hermione seem to think that the three of you are drop\-ping out of Hogwarts,\rdblquote  she began in a light, casual tone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Well, yeah. We are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The mangle turned of its own accord in a corner, wringing out what looked like one of Mr. Weasley\rquote s vests.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote May I ask \i why\i0  you are abandoning your education?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Dumbledore left me \'85 stuff to do,\rdblquote  mumbled Harry. \ldblquote Ron and Hermione know about it, and they want to come too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What sort of\lang3081  \lang1033\lquote stuff\rquote ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, \lang3081 I \lang1033 can\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, frankly, I think Arthur and I have a right to know, and I\rquote m sure Mr. and Mrs. Granger would agree!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. Harry had been afraid of the \ldblquote concerned parent\rdblquote  attack. He forced himself to look directly into her eyes, noticing as he did so that they were precisely the same shade of brown as Ginny\rquote s. This did not help.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore didn\rquote t want anyone else to know, Mrs. Weasley. I\rquote m sorry. Ron and Hermione don\rquote t have to come, it\rquote s their choice \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t see that\lang3081  \lang1033\i you\i0  have to go either!\rdblquote  she snapped, dropping all pretense now. \ldblquote You\rquote re barely of age, any of you! It\rquote s utter nonsense, if Dumbledore needed work doing, he had the whole Order at his command! Harry, you must have misunderstood him. Probably he was telling you something he \i wanted\i0  done, and you took it to mean that he wanted \i you\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t misunderstand,\rdblquote  said Harry flatly. \ldblquote It\rquote s got to be me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He handed her back the single sock he was supposed to be iden\-tifying, which was patterned with golden bulrushes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And that\rquote s not mine, I don\rquote t support Puddlemere United.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, of course not,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley with a sudden and rather unnerving return to her casual tone. \ldblquote I should have realized. Well, Harry, while we\rquote ve still got you here, you won\rquote t mind helping with the preparations for Bill and Fleur\rquote s wedding, will you? There\rquote s still so much to do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  I \emdash  of course not,\rdblquote  said Harry, disconcerted by this sud\-den change of subject.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sweet of you,\rdblquote  she replied, and she smiled as she left the scullery.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 From that moment on, Mrs. Weasley kept Harry, Ron, and Her\-mione so busy with preparations for the wedding that they hardly had any time to think. The kindest explanation of this behavior would have been that Mrs. Weasley wanted to distract them all from thoughts of Mad-Eye and the terrors of their recent journey. After two days of nonstop cutlery cleaning, of color-matching fa\-vors, ribbons, and flowers, of de-gnoming the garden and helping Mrs. Weasley cook vast batches of canap\'e9s, however, Harry started to suspect her of a different motive. All the jobs she handed out seemed to keep him, Ron, and Hermione away from one another; he had not had a chance to speak to the two of them alone since the first night, when he had told them about Voldemort torturing Ollivander.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think Mum thinks that if she can stop the three of you getting together and planning, she\rquote ll be able to delay you leaving,\rdblquote  Ginny told Harry in an undertone, as they laid the table for dinner on the third night of his stay.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then what does she think\rquote s going to happen?\rdblquote  Harry mut\-tered. \ldblquote Someone else might kill off Voldemort while she\rquote s holding us here making vol-au-vents?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had spoken without thinking, and saw Ginny\rquote s face whiten.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So it\rquote s true?\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote That\rquote s what you\rquote re trying to do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  not \emdash  I was joking,\rdblquote  said Harry evasively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They stared at each other, and there was something more than shock in Ginny\rquote s expression. Suddenly Harry became aware that\lang3081  \lang1033 this was the first time that he had been alone with her since those stolen hours in secluded corners of the Hogwarts grounds. He was sure she was remembering them too. Both of them jumped as the door opened, and Mr. Weasley, Kingsley, and Bill walked in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were often joined by other Order members for dinner now, because the Burrow had replaced number twelve, Grimmauld Place as the headquarters. Mr. Weasley had explained that after the death of Dumbledore, their Secret-Keeper, each of the people to whom Dumbledore had confided Grimmauld Place\rquote s location had become a Secret-Keeper in turn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And as there are around twenty of us, that greatly dilutes the power of the Fidelius Charm. Twenty times as many opportunities for the Death Eaters to get the secret out of somebody. We can\rquote t expect it to hold much longer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But surely Snape will have told the Death Eaters the address by now?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Mad-Eye set up a couple of curses against Snape in case he turns up there again. We hope they\rquote ll be strong enough both to keep him out and to bind his tongue if he tries to talk about the place, but we can\rquote t be sure. It would have been insane to keep us\-ing the place as headquarters now that its protection has become so shaky.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The kitchen was so crowded that evening it was difficult to ma\-neuver knives and forks. Harry found himself crammed beside Ginny; the unsaid things that had just passed between them made him wish they had been separated by a few more people. He was trying so hard to avoid brushing her arm he could barely cut his chicken.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No news about Mad-Eye?\rdblquote  Harry asked Bill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  replied Bill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had not been able to hold a funeral for Moody, because Bill and Lupin had failed to recover his body. It had been difficult to know where he might have fallen, given the darkness and the confusion of the battle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The \i Daily Prophet\i0  hasn\rquote t said a word about him dying or about finding the body,\rdblquote  Bill went on. \ldblquote But that doesn\rquote t mean much. It\rquote s keeping a lot quiet these days.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And they still haven\rquote t called a hearing about all the underage magic I used escaping the Death Eaters?\rdblquote  Harry called across the table to Mr. Weasley, who shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because they know I had no choice or because they don\rquote t want me to tell the world Voldemort attacked me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The latter, I think. Scrimgeour doesn\rquote t want to admit that You-Know-Who is as powerful as he is, nor that Azkaban\rquote s seen a mass breakout.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, why tell the public the truth?\rdblquote  said Harry, clenching his knife so tightly that the faint scars on the back of his right hand stood out, white against his skin: \i I must not tell lies.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Isn\rquote t anyone at the Ministry prepared to stand up to him?\rdblquote  asked Ron angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, Ron, but people are terrified,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley replied, \ldblquote terrified that they will be next to disappear, their children the next to be attacked! There are nasty rumors going around; I for one don\rquote t believe the Muggle Studies professor at Hogwarts resigned. She hasn\rquote t been seen for weeks now. Meanwhile Scrimgeour remains shut up in his office all day: I just hope he\rquote s working on a plan.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause in which Mrs. Weasley magicked the empty plates onto the work surface and served apple tart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We must decide \rquote ow you will be disguised, \rquote Arry,\rdblquote  said Fleur, once everyone had pudding. \ldblquote For ze wedding,\rdblquote  she added, when he looked confused. \ldblquote Of course, none of our guests are Death Eaters, but we cannot guarantee zat zey will not let something slip after zey \rquote ave \rquote ad champagne.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 From this, Harry gathered that she still suspected Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, good point,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley from the top of the table, where she sat, spectacles perched on the end of her nose, scan\-ning an immense list of jobs that she had scribbled on a very long piece of parchment. \ldblquote Now, Ron, have you cleaned out your room yet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Why\i0 ?\rdblquote  exclaimed Ron, slamming his spoon down and glaring at his mother. \ldblquote Why does my room have to be cleaned out? Harry and I are fine with it the way it is!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We are holding your brother\rquote s wedding here in a few days\rquote  time, young man \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And are they getting married in my bedroom?\rdblquote  asked Ron furi\-ously. \ldblquote No! So why in the name of Merlin\rquote s saggy left \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t talk to your mother like that,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley firmly. \ldblquote And do as you\rquote re told.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron scowled at both his parents, then picked up his spoon and attacked the last few mouthfuls of his apple tart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can help, some of it\rquote s my mess,\rdblquote  Harry told Ron, but Mrs. Weasley cut across him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Harry, dear, I\rquote d much rather you helped Arthur muck out the chickens, and Hermione, I\rquote d be ever so grateful if you\rquote d change the sheets for Monsieur and Madame Delacour; you know they\rquote re arriving at eleven tomorrow morning.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But as it turned out, there was very little to do for the chickens.\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s no need to, er, mention it to Molly,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley told Harry, blocking his access to the coop, \ldblquote but, er, Ted Tonks sent me most of what was left of Sirius\rquote s bike and, er, I\rquote m hiding \emdash  that\rquote s to say, keeping \emdash  it in here. Fantastic stuff: There\rquote s an exhaust gas\-kin, as I believe it\rquote s called, the most magnificent battery, and it\rquote ll be a great opportunity to find out how brakes work. I\rquote m going to try and put it all back together again when Molly\rquote s not \emdash  I mean, when I\rquote ve got time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When they returned to the house, Mrs. Weasley was nowhere to be seen, so Harry slipped upstairs to Ron\rquote s attic bedroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m doing it, I\rquote m doing \emdash  ! Oh, it\rquote s you,\rdblquote  said Ron in relief, as Harry entered the room. Ron lay back down on the bed, which he had evidently just vacated. The room was just as messy as it had been all week; the only change was that Hermione was now sitting in the far corner, her fluffy ginger cat, Crookshanks, at her feet, sorting books, some of which Harry recognized as his own, into two enormous piles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Harry,\rdblquote  she said, as he sat down on his camp bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And how did you manage to get away?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Ron\rquote s mum forgot that she asked Ginny and me to change the sheets yesterday,\rdblquote  said Hermione. She threw \i Numerology and Grammatica\i0  onto one pile and \i The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts \i0 onto the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We were just talking about Mad-Eye,\rdblquote  Ron told Harry. \ldblquote I reckon he might have survived.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Bill saw him hit by the Killing Curse,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but Bill was under attack too,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote How can he be sure what he saw?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Even if the Killing Curse missed, Mad-Eye still fell about a\lang3081  \lang1033 thousand feet,\rdblquote  said Hermione, now weighing \i Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland\i0  in her hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He could have used a Shield Charm \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fleur said his wand was blasted out of his hand,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, all right, if you want him to be dead,\rdblquote  said Ron grumpily, punching his pillow into a more comfortable shape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course we don\rquote t want him to be dead!\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking shocked. \ldblquote It\rquote s dreadful that he\rquote s dead! But we\rquote re being realistic!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For the first time, Harry imagined Mad-Eye\rquote s body, broken as Dumbledore\rquote s had been, yet with that one eye still whizzing in its socket. He felt a stab of revulsion mixed with a bizarre desire to laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Death Eaters probably tidied up after themselves, that\rquote s why no one\rquote s found him,\rdblquote  said Ron wisely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Like Barty Crouch, turned into a bone and buried in Hagrid\rquote s front garden. They probably transfigured Moody and stuffed him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t!\rdblquote  squealed Hermione. Startled, Harry looked over just in time to see her burst into tears over her copy of \i Spellman\rquote s Syllabary.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no,\rdblquote  said Harry, struggling to get up from the old camp bed. \ldblquote Hermione, I wasn\rquote t trying to upset \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But with a great creaking of rusty bedsprings, Ron bounded off the bed and got there first. One arm around Hermione, he fished in his jeans pocket and withdrew a revolting-looking handkerchief that he had used to clean out the oven earlier. Hastily pulling out his wand, he pointed it at the rag and said, \ldblquote\i Tergeo.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wand siphoned off most of the grease. Looking rather pleased\lang3081  \lang1033 with himself, Ron handed the slightly smoking handkerchief to Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \'85 thanks, Ron. \'85 I\rquote m sorry. \'85\rdblquote  She blew her nose and hiccuped. \ldblquote It\rquote s just so awf-ful, isn\rquote t it? R-right after Dumbledore \'85 I j-just n-never imagined Mad-Eye dying, somehow, he seemed so tough!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I know,\rdblquote  said Ron, giving her a squeeze. \ldblquote But you know what he\rquote d say to us if he was here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote C-constant vigilance,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Hermione, mopping her eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Ron, nodding. \ldblquote He\rquote d tell us to learn from what happened to him. And what I\rquote ve learned is not to trust that cowardly little squit, Mundungus.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione gave a shaky laugh and leaned forward to pick up two more books. A second later, Ron had snatched his arm back from around her shoulders; she had dropped \i The Monster Book of Monsters\i0  on his foot. The book had broken free from its restraining belt and snapped viciously at Ron\rquote s ankle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, I\rquote m sorry!\rdblquote  Hermione cried as Harry wrenched the book from Ron\rquote s leg and retied it shut.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you doing with all those books anyway?\rdblquote  Ron asked, limping back to his bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just trying to decide which ones to take with us,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote When we\rquote re looking for the Horcruxes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, of course,\rdblquote  said Ron, clapping a hand to his forehead. \ldblquote I forgot we\rquote ll be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ha ha,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking down at \i Spellman\rquote s Syllabary.\i0  \ldblquote I wonder \'85 will we need to translate runes? It\rquote s possible. \'85 I think we\rquote d better take it, to be safe.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She dropped the syllabary onto the larger of the two piles and picked up \i Hogwarts, A History.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had sat up straight. Ron and Hermione looked at him with similar mixtures of resignation and defiance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know you said after Dumbledore\rquote s funeral that you wanted to come with me,\rdblquote  Harry began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here he goes,\rdblquote  Ron said to Hermione, rolling his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As we knew he would,\rdblquote  she sighed, turning back to the books. \ldblquote You know, I think I \i will\i0  take \i Hogwarts, A History.\i0  Even if we\rquote re not going back there, I don\rquote t think I\rquote d feel right if I didn\rquote t have it with \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen!\rdblquote  said Harry again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Harry, \i you\i0  listen,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote We\rquote re coming with you. That was decided months ago \emdash  years, really.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut up,\rdblquote  Ron advised him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  are you sure you\rquote ve thought this through?\rdblquote  Harry persisted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s see,\rdblquote  said Hermione, slamming \i Travels with Trolls\i0  onto the discarded pile with a rather fierce look. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been packing for days, so we\rquote re ready to leave at a moment\rquote s notice, which for your information has included doing some pretty difficult magic, not to mention smuggling Mad-Eye\rquote s whole stock of Polyjuice Potion right under Ron\rquote s mum\rquote s nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve also modified my parents\rquote  memories so that they\rquote re con\-vinced they\rquote re really called Wendell and Monica Wilkins, and that their life\rquote s ambition is to move to Australia, which they have now done. That\rquote s to make it more difficult for Voldemort to track them\lang3081  \lang1033 down and interrogate them about me \emdash  or you, because unfortu\-nately, I\rquote ve told them quite a bit about you.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Assuming I survive our hunt for the Horcruxes, I\rquote ll find Mum and Dad and lift the enchantment. If I don\rquote t \emdash  well, I think I\rquote ve cast a good enough charm to keep them safe and happy. Wendell and Monica Wilkins don\rquote t know that they\rquote ve got a daughter, you see.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s eyes were swimming with tears again. Ron got back off the bed, put his arm around her once more, and frowned at Harry as though reproaching him for lack of tact. Harry could not think of anything to say, not least because it was highly unusual for Ron to be teaching anyone else tact.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  Hermione, I\rquote m sorry \emdash  I didn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t realize that Ron and I know perfectly well what might happen if we come with you? Well, we do. Ron, show Harry what you\rquote ve done.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nah, he\rquote s just eaten,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go on, he needs to know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, all right. Harry, come here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For the second time Ron withdrew his arm from around Hermi\-one and stumped over to the door.\par
\ldblquote C\rquote mon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  Harry asked, following Ron out of the room onto the tiny landing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Descendo,\i0\rdblquote  muttered Ron, pointing his wand at the low ceiling. A hatch opened right over their heads and a ladder slid down to their feet. A horrible, half-sucking, half-moaning sound came out of the square hole, along with an unpleasant smell like open drains.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s your ghoul, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  asked Harry, who had never actually met the creature that sometimes disrupted the nightly silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it is,\rdblquote  said Ron, climbing the ladder. \ldblquote Come and have a look at him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry followed Ron up the few short steps into the tiny attic space. His head and shoulders were in the room before he caught sight of the creature curled up a few feet from him, fast asleep in the gloom with its large mouth wide open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 it looks \'85 do ghouls normally wear pajamas?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Nor have they usually got red hair or that num\-ber of pustules.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry contemplated the thing, slightly revolted. It was human in shape and size, and was wearing what, now that Harry\rquote s eyes became used to the darkness, was clearly an old pair of Ron\rquote s pajamas. He was also sure that ghouls were generally rather slimy and bald, rather than distinctly hairy and covered in angry purple blisters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s me, see?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I don\rquote t.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll explain it back in my room, the smell\rquote s getting to me,\rdblquote  said Ron. They climbed back down the ladder, which Ron returned to the ceiling, and rejoined Hermione, who was still sorting books.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Once we\rquote ve left, the ghoul\rquote s going to come and live down here in my room,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I think he\rquote s really looking forward to it \emdash  well, it\rquote s hard to tell, because all he can do is moan and drool \emdash  but he nods a lot when you mention it. Anyway, he\rquote s going to be me with spattergroit. Good, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry merely looked his confusion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is!\rdblquote  said Ron, clearly frustrated that Harry had not grasped the brilliance of the plan. \ldblquote Look, when we three don\rquote t turn up at\lang3081  \lang1033 Hogwarts again, everyone\rquote s going to think Hermione and I must be with you, right? Which means the Death Eaters will go straight for our families to see if they\rquote ve got information on where you are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But hopefully it\rquote ll look like I\rquote ve gone away with Mum and Dad; a lot of Muggle-borns are talking about going into hiding at the moment,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can\rquote t hide my whole family, it\rquote ll look too fishy and they can\rquote t all leave their jobs,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote So we\rquote re going to put out the story that I\rquote m seriously ill with spattergroit, which is why I can\rquote t go back to school. If anyone comes calling to investigate, Mum or Dad can show them the ghoul in my bed, covered in pustules. Spattergroit\rquote s really contagious, so they\rquote re not going to want to go near him. It won\rquote t matter that he can\rquote t say anything, either, because apparently you can\rquote t once the fungus has spread to your uvula.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And your mum and dad are in on this plan?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dad is. He helped Fred and George transform the ghoul. Mum \'85 well, you\rquote ve seen what she\rquote s like. She won\rquote t accept we\rquote re going till we\rquote ve gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence in the room, broken only by gentle thuds as Hermione continued to throw books onto one pile or the other. Ron sat watching her, and Harry looked from one to the other, unable to say anything. The measures they had taken to protect their families made him realize, more than anything else could have done, that they really were going to come with him and that they knew exactly how dangerous that would be. He wanted to tell them what that meant to him, but he simply could not find words important enough.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Through the silence came the muffled sounds of Mrs. Weasley shouting from four floors below.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny\rquote s probably left a speck of dust on a poxy napkin ring,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I dunno why the Delacours have got to come two days before the wedding.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fleur\rquote s sister\rquote s a bridesmaid, she needs to be here for the rehearsal, and she\rquote s too young to come on her own,\rdblquote  said Hermione, as she pored indecisively over \i Break with a Banshee.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, guests aren\rquote t going to help Mum\rquote s stress levels,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What we really need to decide,\rdblquote  said Hermione, tossing \i Defensive Magical Theory\i0  into the bin without a second glance and picking up \i An Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe,\i0  \ldblquote is where we\rquote re going after we leave here. I know you said you wanted to go to Godric\rquote s Hollow first, Harry, and I understand why, but\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 shouldn\rquote t we make the Horcruxes our priority?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If we knew where any of the Horcruxes were, I\rquote d agree with you,\rdblquote  said Harry, who did not believe that Hermione really understood his desire to return to Godric\rquote s Hollow. His parents\rquote  graves were only part of the attraction: He had a strong, though inexplicable, feeling that the place held answers for him. Perhaps it was simply because it was there that he had survived Voldemort\rquote s Killing Curse; now that he was facing the challenge of repeating the feat, Harry was drawn to the place where it had happened, wanting to understand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you think there\rquote s a possibility that Voldemort\rquote s keeping a watch on Godric\rquote s Hollow?\rdblquote  Hermione asked. \ldblquote He might expect you to go back and visit your parents\rquote  graves once you\rquote re free to go wherever you like?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This had not occurred to Harry. While he struggled to find a counterargument, Ron spoke up, evidently following his own train of thought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This R.A.B. person,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote You know, the one who stole the real locket?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He said in his note he was going to destroy it, didn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dragged his rucksack toward him and pulled out the fake Horcrux in which R.A.B.\rquote s note was still folded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote  Harry read out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, what if he \i did\i0  finish it off?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or she,\rdblquote  interposed Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whichever,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote it\rquote d be one less for us to do!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but we\rquote re still going to have to try and trace the real locket, aren\rquote t we?\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote to find out whether or not it\rquote s destroyed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And once we get hold of it, how \i do\i0  you destroy a Horcrux?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote I\rquote ve been researching that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How?\rdblquote  asked Harry. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t think there were any books on Horcruxes in the library?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There weren\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who had turned pink. \ldblquote Dumble\-dore removed them all, but he \emdash  he didn\rquote t destroy them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron sat up straight, wide-eyed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How in the name of Merlin\rquote s pants have you managed to get your hands on those Horcrux books?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It \emdash  it wasn\rquote t stealing!\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking from Harry to Ron with a kind of desperation. \ldblquote They were still library books, even if Dumbledore had taken them off the shelves. Anyway, if he \i really\i0  didn\rquote t want anyone to get at them, I\rquote m sure he would have made it much harder to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get to the point!\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 it was easy,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a small voice. \ldblquote I just did a Summoning Charm. You know \emdash  Accio. And \emdash  they zoomed out of Dumbledore\rquote s study window right into the girls\rquote  dormitory.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But when did you do this?\rdblquote  Harry asked, regarding Hermione with a mixture of admiration and incredulity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just after his \emdash  Dumbledore\rquote s \emdash  funeral,\rdblquote  said Hermione in an even smaller voice. \ldblquote Right after we agreed we\rquote d leave school and go and look for the Horcruxes. When I went back upstairs to get my things it \emdash  it just occurred to me that the more we knew about them, the better it would be \'85 and I was alone in there \'85 so I tried \'85 and it worked. They flew straight in through the open window and I \emdash  I packed them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She swallowed and then said imploringly, \ldblquote I can\rquote t believe Dum\-bledore would have been angry, it\rquote s not as though we\rquote re going to use the information to make a Horcrux, is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you hear us complaining?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Where are these books anyway?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione rummaged for a moment and then extracted from the pile a large volume, bound in faded black leather. She looked a little nauseated and held it as gingerly as if it were something re\-cently dead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is the one that gives explicit instructions on how to make a Horcrux. \i Secrets of the Darkest Art\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash  it\rquote s a horrible book, really awful, full of evil magic. I wonder when Dumbledore removed it from the library. \'85 If he didn\rquote t do it until he was headmaster, I bet Voldemort got all the instruction he needed from here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why did he have to ask Slughorn how to make a Horcrux, then, if he\rquote d already read that?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He only approached Slughorn to find out what would happen if you split your soul into seven,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Dumbledore was sure Riddle already knew how to make a Horcrux by the time he asked Slughorn about them. I think you\rquote re right, Hermione, that could easily have been where he got the information.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And the more I\rquote ve read about them,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote the more horrible they seem, and the less I can believe that he actually made six. It warns in this book how unstable you make the rest of your soul by ripping it, and that\rquote s just by making one Horcrux!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry remembered what Dumbledore had said about Voldemort moving beyond \ldblquote usual evil.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Isn\rquote t there any way of putting yourself back together?\rdblquote  Ron asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione with a hollow smile, \ldblquote but it would be ex\-cruciatingly painful.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why? How do you do it?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remorse,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote You\rquote ve got to really feel what you\rquote ve done. There\rquote s a footnote. Apparently the pain of it can destroy you. I can\rquote t see Voldemort attempting it somehow, can you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron, before Harry could answer. \ldblquote So does it say how to destroy Horcruxes in that book?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione, now turning the fragile pages as if examin\-ing rotting entrails, \ldblquote because it warns Dark wizards how strong they have to make the enchantments on them. From all that I\rquote ve read, what Harry did to Riddle\rquote s diary was one of the few really foolproof ways of destroying a Horcrux.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What, stabbing it with a basilisk fang?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh well, lucky we\rquote ve got such a large supply of basilisk fangs, then,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I was wondering what we were going to do with them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t have to be a basilisk fang,\rdblquote  said Hermione patiently. \ldblquote It has to be something so destructive that the Horcrux can\rquote t re\-pair itself. Basilisk venom only has one antidote, and it\rquote s incredibly rare \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  phoenix tears,\rdblquote  said Harry, nodding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Exactly,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Our problem is that there are very few substances as destructive as basilisk venom, and they\rquote re all danger\-ous to carry around with you. That\rquote s a problem we\rquote re going to have to solve, though, because ripping, smashing, or crushing a Horcrux won\rquote t do the trick. You\rquote ve got to put it beyond magical repair.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But even if we wreck the thing it lives in,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote why can\rquote t the bit of soul in it just go and live in something else?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because a Horcrux is the complete opposite of a human being.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seeing that Harry and Ron looked thoroughly confused, Hermi\-one hurried on, \ldblquote Look, if I picked up a sword right now, Ron, and ran you through with it, I wouldn\rquote t damage your soul at all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which would be a real comfort to me, I\rquote m sure,\rdblquote  said Ron. Harry laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It should be, actually! But my point is that whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote But it\rquote s the other way round with a Horcrux. The fragment of soul inside it depends on its container, its enchanted body, for survival. It can\rquote t exist without it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That diary sort of died when I stabbed it,\rdblquote  said Harry, remem\-bering ink pouring like blood from the punctured pages, and the screams of the piece of Voldemort\rquote s soul as it vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And once the diary was properly destroyed, the bit of soul trapped in it could no longer exist. Ginny tried to get rid of the\lang3081  \lang1033 diary before you did, flushing it away, but obviously it came back good as new.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on,\rdblquote  said Ron, frowning. \ldblquote The bit of soul in that diary was possessing Ginny, wasn\rquote t it? How does that work, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote While the magical container is still intact, the bit of soul inside it can flit in and out of someone if they get too close to the object. I don\rquote t mean holding it for too long, it\rquote s nothing to do with touching it,\rdblquote  she added before Ron could speak. \ldblquote I mean close emotionally. Ginny poured her heart out into that diary, she made herself incred\-ibly vulnerable. You\rquote re in trouble if you get too fond of or dependent on the Horcrux.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wonder how Dumbledore destroyed the ring?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Why didn\rquote t I ask him? I never really \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice tailed away: He was thinking of all the things he should have asked Dumbledore, and of how, since the headmaster had died, it seemed to Harry that he had wasted so many opportunities when Dumbledore had been alive, to find out more \'85 to find out everything. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The silence was shattered as the bedroom door flew open with a wall-shaking crash. Hermione shrieked and dropped \i Secrets of the Darkest Art\i0 ; Crookshanks streaked under the bed, hissing indig\-nantly; Ron jumped off the bed, skidded on a discarded Chocolate Frog wrapper, and smacked his head on the opposite wall; and Harry instinctively dived for his wand before realizing that he was looking up at Mrs. Weasley, whose hair was disheveled and whose face was contorted with rage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m so sorry to break up this cozy little gathering,\rdblquote  she said, her voice trembling. \ldblquote I\rquote m sure you all need your rest \'85 but there are\lang3081  \lang1033 wedding presents stacked in my room that need sorting out and I was under the impression that you had agreed to help.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking terrified as she leapt to her feet, sending books flying in every direction, \ldblquote we will \'85 we\rquote re sorry \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With an anguished look at Harry and Ron, Hermione hurried out of the room after Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s like being a house-elf,\rdblquote  complained Ron in an undertone, still massaging his head as he and Harry followed. \ldblquote Except without the job satisfaction. The sooner this wedding\rquote s over, the happier I\rquote ll be.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote then we\rquote ll have nothing to do except find Horcruxes. \'85 It\rquote ll be like a holiday, won\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron started to laugh, but at the sight of the enormous pile of wedding presents waiting for them in Mrs. Weasley\rquote s room, stopped quite abruptly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Delacours arrived the following morning at eleven o\rquote clock. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny were feeling quite resentful to\-ward Fleur\rquote s family by this time, and it was with ill grace that Ron stumped back upstairs to put on matching socks, and Harry at\-tempted to flatten his hair. Once they had all been deemed smart enough, they trooped out into the sunny backyard to await the visitors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had never seen the place looking so tidy. The rusty caul\-drons and old Wellington boots that usually littered the steps by the back door were gone, replaced by two new Flutterby bushes standing either side of the door in large pots; though there was no breeze, the leaves waved lazily, giving an attractive rippling effect. The chickens had been shut away, the yard had been swept, and the nearby garden\lang3081  \lang1033 had been pruned, plucked, and generally spruced up, although Harry, who liked it in its overgrown state, thought that it looked rather for\-lorn without its usual contingent of capering gnomes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had lost track of how many security enchantments had been placed upon the Burrow by both the Order and the Ministry; all he knew was that it was no longer possible for anybody to travel by magic directly into the place. Mr. Weasley had therefore gone to meet the Delacours on top of a nearby hill, where they were to arrive by Portkey. The first sound of their approach was an unusu\-ally high-pitched laugh, which turned out to be coming from Mr. Weasley, who appeared at the gate moments later, laden with luggage and leading a beautiful blonde woman in long, leaf-green robes, who could only be Fleur\rquote s mother.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maman!\rdblquote  cried Fleur, rushing forward to embrace her. \ldblquote Papa!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Monsieur Delacour was nowhere near as attractive as his wife; he was a head shorter and extremely plump, with a little, pointed black beard. However, he looked good-natured. Bouncing toward Mrs. Weasley on high-heeled boots, he kissed her twice on each cheek, leaving her flustered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \rquote ave been to much trouble,\rdblquote  he said in a deep voice. \ldblquote Fleur tells us you \rquote ave been working very \rquote ard.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s been nothing, nothing!\rdblquote  trilled Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote No trou\-ble at all!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron relieved his feelings by aiming a kick at a gnome who was peering out from behind one of the new Flutterby bushes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dear lady!\rdblquote  said Monsieur Delacour, still holding Mrs. Weasley\rquote s hand between his own two plump ones and beaming. \ldblquote We are most honored at the approaching union of our two families! Let me pres\-ent my wife, Apolline.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madame Delacour glided forward and stooped to kiss Mrs. Wea\-sley too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Enchant\lang3081\'e9\lang1033 e,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 she said. \ldblquote Your \rquote usband \rquote as been telling us such amus\-ing stories!\rdblquote\lang3081\i\par
\lang1033\i0 Mr. Weasley gave a maniacal laugh; Mrs. Weasley threw him a look, upon which he became immediately silent and assumed an expression appropriate to the sickbed of a close friend.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And, of course, you \rquote ave met my leetle daughter, Gabrielle!\rdblquote  said Monsieur Delacour. Gabrielle was Fleur in miniature; eleven years old, with waist-length hair of pure, silvery blonde, she gave Mrs. Weasley a dazzling smile and hugged her, then threw Harry a glow\-ing look, batting her eyelashes. Ginny cleared her throat loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, come in, do!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley brightly, and she ushered the Delacours into the house, with many \ldblquote No, please!\rdblquote s and \ldblquote After you!\rdblquote s and \ldblquote Not at all!\rdblquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Delacours, it soon transpired, were helpful, pleasant guests. They were pleased with everything and keen to assist with the prepa\-rations for the wedding. Monsieur Delacour pronounced every\-thing from the seating plan to the bridesmaids\rquote  shoes \ldblquote\i Charmant\i0 !\rdblquote  Madame Delacour was most accomplished at household spells and had the oven properly cleaned in a trice; Gabrielle followed her elder sister around, trying to assist in any way she could and jabbering away in rapid French.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On the downside, the Burrow was not built to accommodate so many people. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were now sleeping in the sit\-ting room, having shouted down Monsieur and Madame Delacour\rquote s protests and insisted they take their bedroom. Gabrielle was sleeping with Fleur in Percy\rquote s old room, and Bill would be sharing with Charlie, his best man, once Charlie arrived from Romania. Opportunities to make plans together became virtually nonexistent, and it was in desperation that Harry, Ron, and Hermione took to volunteering to feed the chickens just to escape the overcrowded house.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But she \i still\i0  won\rquote t leave us alone!\rdblquote  snarled Ron, as their second attempt at a meeting in the yard was foiled by the appearance of Mrs. Weasley carrying a large basket of laundry in her arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, good, you\rquote ve fed the chickens,\rdblquote  she called as she approached them. \ldblquote We\rquote d better shut them away again before the men arrive tomorrow \'85 to put up the tent for the wedding,\rdblquote  she explained, pausing to lean against the henhouse. She looked exhausted. \ldblquote Mil\-lamant\rquote s Magic Marquees \'85 they\rquote re very good, Bill\rquote s escorting them. \'85 You\rquote d better stay inside while they\rquote re here, Harry. I must say it does complicate organizing a wedding, having all these secu\-rity spells around the place.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  said Harry humbly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, don\rquote t be silly, dear!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley at once. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean \emdash  well, your safety\rquote s much more important! Actually, I\rquote ve been wanting to ask you how you want to celebrate your birthday, Harry. Seventeen, after all, it\rquote s an important day. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want a fuss,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, envisaging the addi\-tional strain this would put on them all. \ldblquote Really, Mrs. Weasley, just a normal dinner would be fine. \'85 It\rquote s the day before the wed\-ding. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, well, if you\rquote re sure, dear. I\rquote ll invite Remus and Tonks, shall I? And how about Hagrid?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote d be great,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But please don\rquote t go to loads of trouble.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not at all, not at all\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 It\rquote s no trouble. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked at him, a long, searching look, then smiled a little sadly, straightened up, and walked away. Harry watched as she waved her wand near the washing line, and the damp clothes rose into the air to hang themselves up, and suddenly he felt a great wave of remorse for the inconvenience and the pain he was giving her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 7\par
\pard\qc The Will of Albus Dumbledore\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
He was walking along a mountain road in the cool blue light of dawn. Far below, swathed in mist, was the shadow of a small town. Was the man he sought down there, the man he needed so badly he could think of little else, the man who held the answer, the answer to his problem \'85 ?\par
\ldblquote Oi, wake up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened his eyes. He was lying again on the camp bed in Ron\rquote s dingy attic room. The sun had not yet risen and the room was still shadowy. Pigwidgeon was asleep with his head under his tiny wing. The scar on Harry\rquote s forehead was prickling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were muttering in your sleep.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Was I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah. \lquote Gregorovitch.\rquote  You kept saying \lquote Gregorovitch.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was not wearing his glasses; Ron\rquote s face appeared slightly blurred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s Gregorovitch?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno, do I? You were the one saying it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry rubbed his forehead, thinking. He had a vague idea he had heard the name before, but he could not think where.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think Voldemort\rquote s looking for him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Poor bloke,\rdblquote  said Ron fervently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat up, still rubbing his scar, now wide awake. He tried to remember exactly what he had seen in the dream, but all that came back was a mountainous horizon and the outline of the little village cradled in a deep valley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think he\rquote s abroad.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who, Gregorovitch?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort. I think he\rquote s somewhere abroad, looking for Grego\-rovitch. It didn\rquote t look like anywhere in Britain.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You reckon you were seeing into his mind again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron sounded worried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do me a favor and don\rquote t tell Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Although how she expects me to stop seeing stuff in my sleep \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gazed up at little Pigwidgeon\rquote s cage, thinking \'85 Why was the name \ldblquote Gregorovitch\rdblquote  familiar?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think,\rdblquote  he said slowly, \ldblquote he\rquote s got something to do with Quid\-ditch. There\rquote s some connection, but I can\rquote t \emdash  I can\rquote t think what it is.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quidditch?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Sure you\rquote re not thinking of Gorgo\-vitch?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dragomir Gorgovitch, Chaser, transferred to the Chudley Can\-nons for a record fee two years ago. Record holder for most Quaffle drops in a season.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote m definitely not thinking of Gorgovitch.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I try not to either,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Well, happy birthday anyway.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wow \emdash  that\rquote s right, I forgot! I\rquote m seventeen!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry seized the wand lying beside his camp bed, pointed it at the cluttered desk where he had left his glasses, and said, \ldblquote\i Accio Glasses\i0 !\rdblquote  Although they were only around a foot away, there was something immensely satisfying about seeing them zoom toward him, at least until they poked him in the eye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Slick,\rdblquote  snorted Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Reveling in the removal of his Trace, Harry sent Ron\rquote s posses\-sions flying around the room, causing Pigwidgeon to wake up and flutter excitedly around his cage. Harry also tried tying the laces of his trainers by magic (the resultant knot took several minutes to untie by hand) and, purely for the pleasure of it, turned the orange robes on Ron\rquote s Chudley Cannons posters bright blue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d do your fly by hand, though,\rdblquote  Ron advised Harry, sniggering when Harry immediately checked it. \ldblquote Here\rquote s your present. Unwrap it up here, it\rquote s not for my mother\rquote s eyes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A book?\rdblquote  said Harry as he took the rectangular parcel. \ldblquote Bit of a departure from tradition, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This isn\rquote t your average book,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s pure gold: \i Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches.\i0  Explains everything you need to know about girls. If only I\rquote d had this last year I\rquote d have known exactly how to get rid of Lavender and I would\rquote ve known how to get going with \'85 Well, Fred and George gave me a copy, and I\rquote ve learned a lot. You\rquote d be surprised, it\rquote s not all about wandwork, either.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When they arrived in the kitchen they found a pile of presents waiting on the table. Bill and Monsieur Delacour were finishing their breakfasts, while Mrs. Weasley stood chatting to them over the frying pan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur told me to wish you a happy seventeenth, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, beaming at him. \ldblquote He had to leave early for work, but he\rquote ll be back for dinner. That\rquote s our present on top.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat down, took the square parcel she had indicated, and unwrapped it. Inside was a watch very like the one Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had given Ron for his seventeenth; it was gold, with stars circling around the face instead of hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s traditional to give a wizard a watch when he comes of age,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, watching him anxiously from beside the cooker. \ldblquote I\rquote m afraid that one isn\rquote t new like Ron\rquote s, it was actually my brother Fabian\rquote s and he wasn\rquote t terribly careful with his possessions, it\rquote s a bit dented on the back, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The rest of her speech was lost; Harry had got up and hugged her. He tried to put a lot of unsaid things into the hug and perhaps she understood them, because she patted his cheek clumsily when he released her, then waved her wand in a slightly random way, causing half a pack of bacon to flop out of the frying pan onto the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Happy birthday, Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione, hurrying into the kitchen and adding her own present to the top of the pile. \ldblquote It\rquote s not much, but I hope you like it. What did you get him?\rdblquote  she added to Ron, who seemed not to hear her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, then, open Hermione\rquote s!\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She had bought him a new Sneakoscope. The other packages con\-tained an enchanted razor from Bill and Fleur (\ldblquote Ah yes, zis will give you ze smoothest shave you will ever \rquote ave,\rdblquote  Monsieur Delacour as\-sured him, \ldblquote but you must tell it clearly what you want\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 ozzerwise you might find you \rquote ave a leetle less hair zan you would like. \'85\rdblquote ), chocolates from the Delacours, and an enormous box of the latest Weasleys\rquote  Wizard Wheezes merchandise from Fred and George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione did not linger at the table, as the ar\-rival of Madame Delacour, Fleur, and Gabrielle made the kitchen uncomfortably crowded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll pack these for you,\rdblquote  Hermione said brightly, taking Harry\rquote s presents out of his arms as the three of them headed back upstairs. \ldblquote I\rquote m nearly done, I\rquote m just waiting for the rest of your underpants to come out of the wash, Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s splutter was interrupted by the opening of a door on the first-floor landing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, will you come in here a moment?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Ginny. Ron came to an abrupt halt, but Hermione took him by the elbow and tugged him on up the stairs. Feeling nervous, Harry followed Ginny into her room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had never been inside it before. It was small, but bright. There was a large poster of the Wizarding band the Weird Sisters on one wall, and a picture of Gwenog Jones, Captain of the all-witch Quid\-ditch team the Holyhead Harpies, on the other. A desk stood facing the open window, which looked out over the orchard where he and Ginny had once played two-a-side Quidditch with Ron and Her\-mione, and which now housed a large, pearly white marquee. The golden flag on top was level with Ginny\rquote s window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny looked up into Harry\rquote s face, took a deep breath, and said, \ldblquote Happy seventeenth.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 thanks.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was looking at him steadily; he, however, found it difficult to look back at her; it was like gazing into a brilliant light.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice view,\rdblquote  he said feebly, pointing toward the window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She ignored this. He could not blame her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I couldn\rquote t think what to get you,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t have to get me anything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She disregarded this too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t know what would be useful. Nothing too big, because you wouldn\rquote t be able to take it with you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He chanced a glance at her. She was not tearful; that was one of the many wonderful things about Ginny, she was rarely weepy. He had sometimes thought that having six brothers must have tough\-ened her up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She took a step closer to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So then I thought, I\rquote d like you to have something to remember me by, you know, if you meet some veela when you\rquote re off doing whatever you\rquote re doing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think dating opportunities are going to be pretty thin on the ground, to be honest.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s the silver lining I\rquote ve been looking for,\rdblquote  she whispered, and then she was kissing him as she had never kissed him before, and Harry was kissing her back, and it was blissful oblivion, better than firewhisky; she was the only real thing in the world, Ginny, the feel of her, one hand at her back and one in her long, sweet-smelling hair \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door banged open behind them and they jumped apart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Ron pointedly. \ldblquote Sorry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  Hermione was just behind him, slightly out of breath. There was a strained silence, then Ginny said in a flat little voice,\par
\ldblquote Well, happy birthday anyway, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s ears were scarlet; Hermione looked nervous. Harry wanted to slam the door in their faces, but it felt as though a cold draft had entered the room when the door opened, and his shining mo\-ment had popped like a soap bubble. All the reasons for ending his\lang3081  \lang1033 relationship with Ginny, for staying well away from her, seemed to have slunk inside the room with Ron, and all happy forgetfulness was gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked at Ginny, wanting to say something, though he hardly knew what, but she had turned her back on him. He thought that she might have succumbed, for once, to tears. He could not do anything to comfort her in front of Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll see you later,\rdblquote  he said, and followed the other two out of the bedroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron marched downstairs, through the still-crowded kitchen and into the yard, and Harry kept pace with him all the way, Hermione trotting along behind them looking scared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once he reached the seclusion of the freshly mown lawn, Ron rounded on Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You ditched her. What are you doing now, messing her around?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not messing her around,\rdblquote  said Harry, as Hermione caught up with them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ron held up a hand to silence her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She was really cut up when you ended it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So was I. You know why I stopped it, and it wasn\rquote t because I wanted to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but you go snogging her now and she\rquote s just going to get her hopes up again \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s not an idiot, she knows it can\rquote t happen, she\rquote s not expecting us to \emdash  to end up married, or \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As he said it, a vivid picture formed in Harry\rquote s mind of Ginny in a white dress, marrying a tall, faceless, and unpleasant stranger.\lang3081  \lang1033 In one spiraling moment it seemed to hit him: Her future was free and unencumbered, whereas his\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 he could see nothing but Vol\-demort ahead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you keep groping her every chance you get \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It won\rquote t happen again,\rdblquote  said Harry harshly. The day was cloud\-less, but he felt as though the sun had gone in. \ldblquote Okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked half resentful, half sheepish; he rocked backward and forward on his feet for a moment, then said, \ldblquote Right then, well, that\rquote s \'85 yeah.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny did not seek another one-to-one meeting with Harry for the rest of the day, nor by any look or gesture did she show that they had shared more than polite conversation in her room. Nev\-ertheless, Charlie\rquote s arrival came as a relief to Harry. It provided a distraction, watching Mrs. Weasley force Charlie into a chair, raise her wand threateningly, and announce that he was about to get a proper haircut.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry\rquote s birthday dinner would have stretched the Burrow\rquote s kitchen to breaking point even before the arrival of Charlie, Lupin, Tonks, and Hagrid, several tables were placed end to end in the garden. Fred and George bewitched a number of purple lanterns, all emblazoned with a large number 17, to hang in midair over the guests. Thanks to Mrs. Weasley\rquote s ministrations, George\rquote s wound was neat and clean, but Harry was not yet used to the dark hole in the side of his head, despite the twins\rquote  many jokes about it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione made purple and gold streamers erupt from the end of her wand and drape themselves artistically over the trees and bushes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice,\rdblquote  said Ron, as with one final flourish of her wand, Hermione\lang3081  \lang1033 turned the leaves on the crabapple tree to gold. \ldblquote You\rquote ve really got an eye for that sort of thing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Ron!\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking both pleased and a little confused. Harry turned away, smiling to himself. He had a funny notion that he would find a chapter on compliments when he found time to peruse his copy of \i Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches\i0 ; he caught Ginny\rquote s eye and grinned at her before remem\-bering his promise to Ron and hurriedly striking up a conversation with Monsieur Delacour.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Out of the way, out of the way!\rdblquote  sang Mrs. Weasley, coming through the gate with what appeared to be a giant, beach-ball-sized Snitch floating in front of her. Seconds later Harry realized that it was his birthday cake, which Mrs. Weasley was suspending with her wand, rather than risk carrying it over the uneven ground. When the cake had finally landed in the middle of the table, Harry said, \ldblquote That looks amazing, Mrs. Weasley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s nothing, dear,\rdblquote  she said fondly. Over her shoulder, Ron gave Harry the thumbs-up and mouthed, \i Good one.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 By seven o\rquote clock all the guests had arrived, led into the house by Fred and George, who had waited for them at the end of the lane. Hagrid had honored the occasion by wearing his best, and horrible, hairy brown suit. Although Lupin smiled as he shook Harry\rquote s hand, Harry thought he looked rather unhappy. It was all very odd; Tonks, beside him, looked simply radiant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Happy birthday, Harry,\rdblquote  she said, hugging him tightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seventeen, eh!\rdblquote  said Hagrid as he accepted a bucket-sized glass of wine from Fred. \ldblquote Six years ter the day since we met, Harry, d\rquote yeh remember it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Vaguely,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning up at him. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t you smash down the front door, give Dudley a pig\rquote s tail, and tell me I was a wizard?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I forge\rquote  the details,\rdblquote  Hagrid chortled. \ldblquote All righ\rquote , Ron, Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re fine,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote How are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ar, not bad. Bin busy, we got some newborn unicorns, I\rquote ll show yeh when yeh get back \emdash\rdblquote  Harry avoided Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s gazes as Hagrid rummaged in his pocket. \ldblquote Here, Harry \emdash  couldn\rquote  think what ter get yeh, but then I remembered this.\rdblquote  He pulled out a small, slightly furry drawstring pouch with a long string, evidently intended to be worn around the neck. \ldblquote Mokeskin. Hide anythin\rquote  in there an\rquote  no one but the owner can get it out. They\rquote re rare, them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, thanks!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote S\rquote nothin\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid with a wave of a dustbin-lid-sized hand. \ldblquote An\rquote  there\rquote s Charlie! Always liked him \emdash  hey! Charlie!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Charlie approached, running his hand slightly ruefully over his new, brutally short haircut. He was shorter than Ron, thickset, with a number of burns and scratches up his muscley arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Hagrid, how\rquote s it going?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bin meanin\rquote  ter write fer ages. How\rquote s Norbert doin\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Norbert?\rdblquote  Charlie laughed. \ldblquote The Norwegian Ridgeback? We call her Norberta now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wha \emdash  Norbert\rquote s a girl?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  said Charlie.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How can you tell?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re a lot more vicious,\rdblquote  said Charlie. He looked over his shoulder and dropped his voice. \ldblquote Wish Dad would hurry up and get here. Mum\rquote s getting edgy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all looked over at Mrs. Weasley. She was trying to talk to Madame Delacour while glancing repeatedly at the gate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we\rquote d better start without Arthur,\rdblquote  she called to the gar\-den at large after a moment or two. \ldblquote He must have been held up at \emdash  oh!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all saw it at the same time: a streak of light that came fly\-ing across the yard and onto the table, where it resolved itself into a bright silver weasel, which stood on its hind legs and spoke with Mr. Weasley\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Minister of Magic coming with me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Patronus dissolved into thin air, leaving Fleur\rquote s family peer\-ing in astonishment at the place where it had vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We shouldn\rquote t be here,\rdblquote  said Lupin at once. \ldblquote Harry \emdash  I\rquote m sorry \emdash  I\rquote ll explain another time \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He seized Tonks\rquote s wrist and pulled her away; they reached the fence, climbed over it, and vanished from sight. Mrs. Weasley looked bewildered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Minister \emdash  but why \emdash  ? I don\rquote t understand \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But there was no time to discuss the matter; a second later, Mr. Weasley had appeared out of thin air at the gate, accompanied by Rufus Scrimgeour, instantly recognizable by his mane of grizzled hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The two newcomers marched across the yard toward the garden and the lantern-lit table, where everybody sat in silence, watching them draw closer. As Scrimgeour came within range of the lantern light, Harry saw that he looked much older than the last time they had met, scraggy and grim.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry to intrude,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, as he limped to a halt before the table. \ldblquote Especially as I can see that I am gate-crashing a party.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His eyes lingered for a moment on the giant Snitch cake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Many happy returns.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I require a private word with you,\rdblquote  Scrimgeour went on. \ldblquote Also with Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Us?\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding surprised. \ldblquote Why us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I shall tell you that when we are somewhere more private,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour. \ldblquote Is there such a place?\rdblquote  he demanded of Mr. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, of course,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, who looked nervous. \ldblquote The, er, sitting room, why don\rquote t you use that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can lead the way,\rdblquote  Scrimgeour said to Ron. \ldblquote There will be no need for you to accompany us, Arthur.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw Mr. Weasley exchange a worried look with Mrs. Weasley as he, Ron, and Hermione stood up. As they led the way back to the house in silence, Harry knew that the other two were thinking the same as he was: Scrimgeour must, somehow, have learned that the three of them were planning to drop out of Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour did not speak as they all passed through the messy kitchen and into the Burrow\rquote s sitting room. Although the garden had been full of soft golden evening light, it was already dark in here: Harry flicked his wand at the oil lamps as he entered and they illuminated the shabby but cozy room. Scrimgeour sat himself in the sagging armchair that Mr. Weasley normally occupied, leaving Harry, Ron, and Hermione to squeeze side by side onto the sofa. Once they had done so, Scrimgeour spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have some questions for the three of you, and I think it will be best if we do it individually. If you two\rdblquote  \emdash  he pointed at Harry and Hermione \emdash  \ldblquote can wait upstairs, I will start with Ronald.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not going anywhere,\rdblquote  said Harry, while Hermione nodded vigorously. \ldblquote You can speak to us together, or not at all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour gave Harry a cold, appraising look. Harry had the impression that the Minister was wondering whether it was worth\-while opening hostilities this early.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well then, together,\rdblquote  he said, shrugging. He cleared his throat. \ldblquote I am here, as I\rquote m sure you know, because of Albus Dum\-bledore\rquote s will.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A surprise, apparently! You were not aware then that Dumble\-dore had left you anything?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A-all of us?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Me and Hermione too?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, all of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry interrupted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore died over a month ago. Why has it taken this long to give us what he left us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Isn\rquote t it obvious?\rdblquote  said Hermione, before Scrimgeour could an\-swer. \ldblquote They wanted to examine whatever he\rquote s left us. You had no right to do that!\rdblquote  she said, and her voice trembled slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had every right,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour dismissively. \ldblquote The Decree for Justifiable Confiscation gives the Ministry the power to confiscate the contents of a will \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That law was created to stop wizards passing on Dark artifacts,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote and the Ministry is supposed to have powerful evidence that the deceased\rquote s possessions are illegal before seizing them! Are you telling me that you thought Dumbledore was trying to pass us something cursed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you planning to follow a career in Magical Law, Miss Granger?\rdblquote  asked Scrimgeour.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I\rquote m not,\rdblquote  retorted Hermione. \ldblquote I\rquote m hoping to do some good in the world!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron laughed. Scrimgeour\rquote s eyes flickered toward him and away again as Harry spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So why have you decided to let us have our things now? Can\rquote t think of a pretext to keep them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it\rquote ll be because the thirty-one days are up,\rdblquote  said Hermione at once. \ldblquote They can\rquote t keep the objects longer than that unless they can prove they\rquote re dangerous. Right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Would you say you were close to Dumbledore, Ronald?\rdblquote  asked Scrimgeour, ignoring Hermione. Ron looked startled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Me? Not \emdash  not really \'85 It was always Harry who \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked around at Harry and Hermione, to see Hermione giving him a \i stop-talking-now\i0 ! sort of look, but the damage was done: Scrimgeour looked as though he had heard exactly what he had expected, and wanted, to hear. He swooped like a bird of prey upon Ron\rquote s answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you were not very close to Dumbledore, how do you account for the fact that he remembered you in his will? He made exception\-ally few personal bequests. The vast majority of his possessions \emdash  his private library, his magical instruments, and other personal effects \emdash  were left to Hogwarts. Why do you think you were singled out?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 dunno,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 when I say we weren\rquote t close \'85 I mean, I think he liked me. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re being modest, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Dumbledore was very fond of you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This was stretching the truth to breaking point; as far as Harry knew, Ron and Dumbledore had never been alone together, and\lang3081  \lang1033 direct contact between them had been negligible. However, Scrim\-geour did not seem to be listening. He put his hand inside his cloak and drew out a drawstring pouch much larger than the one Hagrid had given Harry. From it, he removed a scroll of parchment which he unrolled and read aloud.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i The Last Will and Testament of\lang3081  \lang1033 Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore\rquote\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i\'85 \i0 Yes, here we are. \'85\i  \i0\lquote\i To Ronald Bilius Weasley, I leave my Deluminator, in the hope that he will remember me when he uses it.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour took from the bag an object that Harry had seen be\-fore: It looked something like a silver cigarette lighter, but it had, he knew, the power to suck all light from a place, and restore it, with a simple click. Scrimgeour leaned forward and passed the Delumi\-nator to Ron, who took it and turned it over in his fingers, looking stunned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That is a valuable object,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, watching Ron. \ldblquote It may even be unique. Certainly it is of Dumbledore\rquote s own design. Why would he have left you an item so rare?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron shook his head, looking bewildered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore must have taught thousands of students,\rdblquote  Scrim\-geour persevered. \ldblquote Yet the only ones he remembered in his will are you three. Why is that? To what use did he think you would put his Deluminator, Mr. Weasley?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Put out lights, I s\rquote pose,\rdblquote  mumbled Ron. \ldblquote What else could I do with it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Evidently Scrimgeour had no suggestions. After squinting at Ron for a moment or two, he turned back to Dumbledore\rquote s will.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i To Miss Hermione Jean Granger, I leave my copy of\i0  The Tales\lang3081  \lang1033 of Beedle the Bard, \i in the hope that she will find it entertaining and instructive.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour now pulled out of the bag a small book that looked as ancient as the copy of\lang3081  \lang1033\i Secrets of the Darkest Art\i0  upstairs. Its binding was stained and peeling in places. Hermione took it from Scrim\-geour without a word. She held the book in her lap and gazed at it. Harry saw that the title was in runes; he had never learned to read them. As he looked, a tear splashed onto the embossed symbols.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why do you think Dumbledore left you that book, Miss Granger?\rdblquote  asked Scrimgeour.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He \'85 he knew I liked books,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a thick voice, mopping her eyes with her sleeve.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why that particular book?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know. He must have thought I\rquote d enjoy it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you ever discuss codes, or any means of passing secret mes\-sages, with Dumbledore?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Hermione, still wiping her eyes on her sleeve. \ldblquote And if the Ministry hasn\rquote t found any hidden codes in this book in thirty-one days, I doubt that I will.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She suppressed a sob. They were wedged together so tightly that Ron had difficulty extracting his arm to put it around Hermione\rquote s shoulders. Scrimgeour turned back to the will.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i To Harry James Potter,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\i  \i0 he read, and Harry\rquote s insides contracted with a sudden excitement, \ldblquote  \lquote\i I leave the Snitch he caught in his first Quidditch match at Hogwarts, as a reminder of the rewards of perse\-verance and skill.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Scrimgeour pulled out the tiny, walnut-sized golden ball, its silver wings fluttered rather feebly, and Harry could not help feeling a definite sense of anticlimax.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why did Dumbledore leave you this Snitch?\rdblquote  asked Scrimgeour.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote For the reasons you just read out, I sup\-pose \'85 to remind me what you can get if you \'85 persevere and whatever it was.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think this a mere symbolic keepsake, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose so,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote What else could it be?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m asking the questions,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, shifting his chair a little closer to the sofa. Dusk was really falling outside now; the mar\-quee beyond the windows towered ghostly white over the hedge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I notice that your birthday cake is in the shape of a Snitch,\rdblquote  Scrimgeour said to Harry. \ldblquote Why is that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione laughed derisively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it can\rquote t be a reference to the fact Harry\rquote s a great Seeker, that\rquote s way too obvious,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote There must be a secret message from Dumbledore hidden in the icing!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think there\rquote s anything hidden in the icing,\rdblquote  said Scrim\-geour, \ldblquote but a Snitch would be a very good hiding place for a small object. You know why, I\rquote m sure?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shrugged. Hermione, however, answered: Harry thought that answering questions correctly was such a deeply ingrained habit she could not suppress the urge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because Snitches have flesh memories,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron together; both considered Hermi\-one\rquote s Quidditch knowledge negligible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Correct,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour. \ldblquote A Snitch is not touched by bare skin before it is released, not even by the maker, who wears gloves. It carries an enchantment by which it can identify the first human to lay hands upon it, in case of a disputed capture. This Snitch\rdblquote  \emdash  he held up the tiny golden ball \emdash  \ldblquote will remember your touch, Potter.\lang3081  \lang1033 It occurs to me that Dumbledore, who had prodigious magical skill, whatever his other faults, might have enchanted this Snitch so that it will open only for you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart was beating rather fast. He was sure that Scrim\-geour was right. How could he avoid taking the Snitch with his bare hand in front of the Minister?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t say anything,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour. \ldblquote Perhaps you already know what the Snitch contains?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, still wondering how he could appear to touch the Snitch without really doing so. If only he knew Legilimency, really knew it, and could read Hermione\rquote s mind; he could practi\-cally hear her brain whirring beside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take it,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry met the Minister\rquote s yellow eyes and knew he had no option but to obey. He held out his hand, and Scrimgeour leaned forward again and placed the Snitch, slowly and deliberately, into Harry\rquote s palm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nothing happened. As Harry\rquote s fingers closed around the Snitch, its tired wings fluttered and were still. Scrimgeour, Ron, and Her\-mione continued to gaze avidly at the now partially concealed ball, as if still hoping it might transform in some way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was dramatic,\rdblquote  said Harry coolly. Both Ron and Hermi\-one laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s all, then, is it?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, making to prise herself off the sofa.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not quite,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, who looked bad-tempered now. \ldblquote Dumbledore left you a second bequest, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  asked Harry, excitement rekindling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour did not bother to read from the will this time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The sword of Godric Gryffindor,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione and Ron both stiffened. Harry looked around for a sign of the ruby-encrusted hilt, but Scrimgeour did not pull the sword from the leather pouch, which in any case looked much too small to contain it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So where is it?\rdblquote  Harry asked suspiciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Unfortunately,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, \ldblquote that sword was not Dumble\-dore\rquote s to give away. The sword of Godric Gryffindor is an important historical artifact, and as such, belongs \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It belongs to Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione hotly. \ldblquote It chose him, he was the one who found it, it came to him out of the Sorting Hat \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote According to reliable historical sources, the sword may present itself to any worthy Gryffindor,\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour. \ldblquote That does not make it the exclusive property of Mr. Potter, whatever Dumbledore may have decided.\rdblquote  Scrimgeour scratched his badly shaven cheek, scrutinizing Harry. \ldblquote Why do you think \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  Dumbledore wanted to give me the sword?\rdblquote  said Harry, struggling to keep his temper. \ldblquote Maybe he thought it would look nice on my wall.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is not a joke, Potter!\rdblquote  growled Scrimgeour. \ldblquote Was it because Dumbledore believed that only the sword of Godric Gryffindor could defeat the Heir of Slytherin? Did he wish to give you that sword, Potter, because he believed, as do many, that you are the one destined to destroy He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Interesting theory,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Has anyone ever tried sticking a sword in Voldemort? Maybe the Ministry should put some people onto that, instead of wasting their time stripping down Delumina\-tors or covering up breakouts from Azkaban. So is this what you\rquote ve been doing, Minister, shut up in your office, trying to break open\lang3081  \lang1033 a Snitch? People are dying \emdash  I was nearly one of them \emdash  Volde\-mort chased me across three counties, he killed Mad-Eye Moody, but there\rquote s been no word about any of that from the Ministry, has there? And you still expect us to cooperate with you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You go too far!\rdblquote  shouted Scrimgeour, standing up; Harry jumped to his feet too. Scrimgeour limped toward Harry and jabbed him hard in the chest with the point of his wand: It singed a hole in Harry\rquote s T-shirt like a lit cigarette.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oi!\rdblquote  said Ron, jumping up and raising his own wand, but Harry said,\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No! D\rquote you want to give him an excuse to arrest us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remembered you\rquote re not at school, have you?\rdblquote  said Scrimgeour, breathing hard into Harry\rquote s face. \ldblquote Remembered that I am not Dum\-bledore, who forgave your insolence and insubordination? You may wear that scar like a crown, Potter, but it is not up to a seventeen-year-old boy to tell me how to do my job! It\rquote s time you learned some respect!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s time you earned it,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The floor trembled; there was a sound of running footsteps, then the door to the sitting room burst open and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley ran in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We \emdash  we thought we heard \emdash\rdblquote  began Mr. Weasley, looking thoroughly alarmed at the sight of Harry and the Minister virtu\-ally nose to nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  raised voices,\rdblquote  panted Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scrimgeour took a couple of steps back from Harry, glancing at the hole he had made in Harry\rquote s T-shirt. He seemed to regret his loss of temper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It \emdash  it was nothing,\rdblquote  he growled. \ldblquote I\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 regret your attitude,\rdblquote  he\lang3081  \lang1033 said, looking Harry full in the face once more. \ldblquote You seem to think that the Ministry does not desire what you \emdash  what Dumbledore \emdash  desired. We ought to be working together.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t like your methods, Minister,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For the second time, he raised his right fist and displayed to Scrimgeour the scars that still showed white on the back of it, spelling \i I must not tell lies.\i0  Scrimgeour\rquote s expression hardened. He turned away without another word and limped from the room. Mrs. Weasley hurried after him; Harry heard her stop at the back door. After a minute or so she called, \ldblquote He\rquote s gone!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did he want?\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley asked, looking around at Harry, Ron, and Hermione as Mrs. Weasley came hurrying back to them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To give us what Dumbledore left us,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote They\rquote ve only just released the contents of his will.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Outside in the garden, over the dinner tables, the three objects Scrimgeour had given them were passed from hand to hand. Ev\-eryone exclaimed over the Deluminator and \i The Tales of\lang3081  \lang1033 Beedle the Bard\i0  and lamented the fact that Scrimgeour had refused to pass on the sword, but none of them could offer any suggestion as to why Dumbledore would have left Harry an old Snitch. As Mr. Weas\-ley examined the Deluminator for the third or fourth time, Mrs. Weasley said tentatively, \ldblquote Harry, dear, everyone\rquote s awfully hungry, we didn\rquote t like to start without you. \'85 Shall I serve dinner now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all ate rather hurriedly and then, after a hasty chorus of \ldblquote Happy Birthday\rdblquote  and much gulping of cake, the party broke up. Hagrid, who was invited to the wedding the following day, but was far too bulky to sleep in the overstretched Burrow, left to set up a tent for himself in a neighboring field.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Meet us upstairs,\rdblquote  Harry whispered to Hermione, while they helped Mrs. Weasley restore the garden to its normal state. \ldblquote After everyone\rquote s gone to bed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Up in the attic room, Ron examined his Deluminator, and Harry filled Hagrid\rquote s mokeskin purse, not with gold, but with those items he most prized, apparently worthless though some of them were: the Marauder\rquote s Map, the shard of Sirius\rquote s enchanted mirror, and R.A.B.\rquote s locket. He pulled the strings tight and slipped the purse around his neck, then sat holding the old Snitch and watching its wings flutter feebly. At last, Hermione tapped on the door and tiptoed inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Muffliato,\i0\rdblquote  she whispered, waving her wand in the direction of the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thought you didn\rquote t approve of that spell?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Times change,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Now, show us that Delumi\-nator.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron obliged at once. Holding it up in front of him, he clicked it. The solitary lamp they had lit went out at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The thing is,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione through the dark, \ldblquote we could have achieved that with Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a small \i click,\i0  and the ball of light from the lamp flew back to the ceiling and illuminated them all once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Still, it\rquote s cool,\rdblquote  said Ron, a little defensively. \ldblquote And from what they said, Dumbledore invented it himself!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, but surely he wouldn\rquote t have singled you out in his will just to help us turn out the lights!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you think he knew the Ministry would confiscate his will and examine everything he\rquote d left us?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Definitely,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote He couldn\rquote t tell us in the will why he was leaving us these things, but that still doesn\rquote t explain \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 why he couldn\rquote t have given us a hint when he was alive?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, exactly,\rdblquote  said Hermione, now flicking through \i The Tales of\lang3081  \lang1033 Beedle the Bard.\i0  \ldblquote If these things are important enough to pass on right under the nose of the Ministry, you\rquote d think he\rquote d have let us know why \'85 unless he thought it was obvious?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thought wrong, then, didn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I always said he was mental. Brilliant and everything, but cracked. Leaving Harry an old Snitch \emdash  what the hell was that about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve no idea,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote When Scrimgeour made you take it, Harry, I was so sure that something was going to happen!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well,\rdblquote  said Harry, his pulse quickening as he raised the Snitch in his fingers. \ldblquote I wasn\rquote t going to try too hard in front of Scrimgeour, was I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Snitch I caught in my first ever Quidditch match?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked simply bemused. Ron, however, gasped, point\-ing frantically from Harry to the Snitch and back again until he found his voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was the one you nearly swallowed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Exactly,\rdblquote  said Harry, and with his heart beating fast, he pressed his mouth to the Snitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It did not open. Frustration and bitter disappointment welled up inside him: He lowered the golden sphere, but then Hermione cried out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Writing! There\rquote s writing on it, quick, look!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He nearly dropped the Snitch in surprise and excitement. Her\-mione was quite right. Engraved upon the smooth golden surface,\lang3081  \lang1033 where seconds before there had been nothing, were five words written in the thin, slanting handwriting that Harry recognized as Dumbledore\rquote s:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\i I\lang3081  \lang1033 open at the close.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
He had barely read them when the words vanished again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote I open at the close \'85\rquote  What\rquote s that supposed to mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione and Ron shook their heads, looking blank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I open at the close \'85 at the \i close\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 I open at the close \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But no matter how often they repeated the words, with many different inflections, they were unable to wring any more meaning from them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And the sword,\rdblquote  said Ron finally, when they had at last aban\-doned their attempts to divine meaning in the Snitch\rquote s inscription. \ldblquote Why did he want Harry to have the sword?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And why couldn\rquote t he just have told me?\rdblquote  Harry said quietly. \ldblquote It was \i there,\i0  it was right there on the wall of his office during all our talks last year! If he wanted me to have it, why didn\rquote t he just give it to me then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt as though he were sitting in an examination with a ques\-tion he ought to have been able to answer in front of him, his brain slow and unresponsive. Was there something he had missed in the long talks with Dumbledore last year? Ought he to know what it all meant? Had Dumbledore expected him to understand?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And as for this book,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote\i The Tales of\lang3081  \lang1033 Beedle the Bard\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\i  \i0 I\rquote ve never even heard of them!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve never heard of \i The Tales of\lang3081  \lang1033 Beedle the Bard\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Ron incredulously. \ldblquote You\rquote re kidding, right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I\rquote m not!\rdblquote  said Hermione in surprise. \ldblquote Do you know them, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, of course I do!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked up, diverted. The circumstance of Ron having read a book that Hermione had not was unprecedented. Ron, however, looked bemused by their surprise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh come on! All the old kids\rquote  stories are supposed to be Beedle\rquote s, aren\rquote t they? \lquote The Fountain of Fair Fortune\rquote  \'85 \lquote The Wizard and the Hopping Pot\rquote\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 \lquote Babbitty Rabbitty and her Cackling Stump\rquote\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote  said Hermione, giggling. \ldblquote What was that last one?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come off it!\rdblquote  said Ron, looking in disbelief from Harry to Her\-mione. \ldblquote You must\rquote ve heard of Babbitty Rabbitty \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, you know full well Harry and I were brought up by Muggles!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote We didn\rquote t hear stories like that when we were little, we heard \lquote Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs\rquote  and \lquote Cinderella\rquote  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that, an illness?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So these are children\rquote s stories?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, bending again over the runes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron uncertainly, \ldblquote I mean, that\rquote s just what you hear, you know, that all these old stories came from Beedle. I dunno what they\rquote re like in the original versions.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I wonder why Dumbledore thought I should read them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something creaked downstairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Probably just Charlie, now Mum\rquote s asleep, sneaking off to regrow his hair,\rdblquote  said Ron nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All the same, we should get to bed,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione. \ldblquote It wouldn\rquote t do to oversleep tomorrow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  agreed Ron. \ldblquote A brutal triple murder by the bridegroom\rquote s mother might put a bit of a damper on the wedding. I\rquote ll get the lights.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he clicked the Deluminator once more as Hermione left the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 8\par
\pard\qc The Wedding\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Three o\rquote clock on the following afternoon found Harry, Ron, Fred, and George standing outside the great white marquee in the orchard, awaiting the arrival of the wedding guests. Harry had taken a large dose of Polyjuice Potion and was now the double of a redheaded Muggle boy from the local village, Ottery St. Catchpole, from whom Fred had stolen hairs using a Summoning Charm. The plan was to introduce Harry as \ldblquote Cousin Barny\rdblquote  and trust to the great number of Weasley relatives to camouflage him.\par
All four of them were clutching seating plans, so that they could help show people to the right seats. A host of white-robed waiters had arrived an hour earlier, along with a golden-jacketed band, and all of these wizards were currently sitting a short distance away un\-der a tree; Harry could see a blue haze of pipe smoke issuing from the spot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Behind Harry, the entrance to the marquee revealed rows and rows of fragile golden chairs set on either side of a long purple carpet.\lang3081  \lang1033 The supporting poles were entwined with white and gold flowers. Fred and George had fastened an enormous bunch of golden bal\-loons over the exact point where Bill and Fleur would shortly be\-come husband and wife. Outside, butterflies and bees were hovering lazily over the grass and hedgerow. Harry was rather uncomfortable. The Muggle boy whose appearance he was affecting was slightly fat\-ter than him, and his dress robes felt hot and tight in the full glare of a summer\rquote s day.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When I get married,\rdblquote  said Fred, tugging at the collar of his own robes, \ldblquote I won\rquote t be bothering with any of this nonsense. You can all wear what you like, and I\rquote ll put a full Body-Bind Curse on Mum until it\rquote s all over.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She wasn\rquote t too bad this morning, considering,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Cried a bit about Percy not being here, but who wants him? Oh blimey, brace yourselves \emdash  here they come, look.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Brightly colored figures were appearing, one by one, out of no\-where at the distant boundary of the yard. Within minutes a proces\-sion had formed, which began to snake its way up through the garden toward the marquee. Exotic flowers and bewitched birds fluttered on the witches\rquote  hats, while precious gems glittered from many of the wizards\rquote  cravats; a hum of excited chatter grew louder and louder, drowning the sound of the bees as the crowd approached the tent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent, I think I see a few veela cousins,\rdblquote  said George, cran\-ing his neck for a better look. \ldblquote They\rquote ll need help understanding our English customs, I\rquote ll look after them. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not so fast, Your Holeyness,\rdblquote  said Fred, and darting past the gaggle of middle-aged witches heading the procession, he said, \ldblquote Here \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033\i permettez-moi\i0  to \i assister vous,\i0\rdblquote\i  \i0 to a pair of pretty French girls, who giggled and allowed him to escort them inside. George\lang3081  \lang1033 was left to deal with the middle-aged witches and Ron took charge of Mr. Weasley\rquote s old Ministry colleague Perkins, while a rather deaf old couple fell to Harry\rquote s lot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wotcher,\rdblquote  said a familiar voice as he came out of the marquee again and found Tonks and Lupin at the front of the queue. She had turned blonde for the occasion. \ldblquote Arthur told us you were the one with the curly hair. Sorry about last night,\rdblquote  she added in a whisper as Harry led them up the aisle. \ldblquote The Ministry\rquote s being very anti-werewolf at the moment and we thought our presence might not do you any favors.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s fine, I understand,\rdblquote  said Harry, speaking more to Lupin than Tonks. Lupin gave him a swift smile, but as they turned away, Harry saw Lupin\rquote s face fall again into lines of misery. He did not understand it, but there was no time to dwell on the matter: Hagrid was causing a certain amount of disruption. Having misunderstood Fred\rquote s directions he had sat himself, not upon the magically enlarged and reinforced seat set aside for him in the back row, but on five seats that now resembled a large pile of golden matchsticks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 While Mr. Weasley repaired the damage and Hagrid shouted apologies to anybody who would listen, Harry hurried back to the entrance to find Ron face-to-face with a most eccentric-looking wizard. Slightly cross-eyed, with shoulder-length white hair the tex\-ture of candyfloss, he wore a cap whose tassel dangled in front of his nose and robes of an eye-watering shade of egg-yolk yellow. An odd symbol, rather like a triangular eye, glistened from a golden chain around his neck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Xenophilius Lovegood,\rdblquote  he said, extending a hand to Harry, \ldblquote my daughter and I live just over the hill, so kind of the good Weasleys to invite us. But I think you know my Luna?\rdblquote  he added to Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t she with you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She lingered in that charming little garden to say hello to the gnomes, such a glorious infestation! How few wizards realize just how much we can learn from the wise little gnomes \emdash  or, to give them their correct name, the \i Gernumbli gardensi.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ours do know a lot of excellent swear words,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote but I think Fred and George taught them those.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He led a party of warlocks into the marquee as Luna rushed up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello, Harry!\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  my name\rquote s Barny,\rdblquote  said Harry, flummoxed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, have you changed that too?\rdblquote  she asked brightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you know \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, just your expression,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Like her father, Luna was wearing bright yellow robes, which she had accessorized with a large sunflower in her hair. Once you got over the brightness of it all, the general effect was quite pleasant. At least there were no radishes dangling from her ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius, who was deep in conversation with an acquaintance, had missed the exchange between Luna and Harry. Bidding the wizard farewell, he turned to his daughter, who held up her finger and said, \ldblquote Daddy, look \emdash  one of the gnomes actually bit me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How wonderful! Gnome saliva is enormously beneficial!\rdblquote  said Mr. Lovegood, seizing Luna\rquote s outstretched finger and examining the bleeding puncture marks. \ldblquote Luna, my love, if you should feel any burgeoning talent today \emdash  perhaps an unexpected urge to sing opera or to declaim in Mermish \emdash  do not repress it! You may have been gifted by the Gernumblies!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron, passing them in the opposite direction, let out a loud snort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron can laugh,\rdblquote  said Luna serenely as Harry led her and Xeno\-philius toward their seats, \ldblquote but my father has done a lot of research on Gernumbli magic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote  said Harry, who had long since decided not to challenge Luna or her father\rquote s peculiar views. \ldblquote Are you sure you don\rquote t want to put anything on that bite, though?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s fine,\rdblquote  said Luna, sucking her finger in a dreamy fashion and looking Harry up and down. \ldblquote You look smart. I told Daddy most people would probably wear dress robes, but he believes you ought to wear sun colors to a wedding, for luck, you know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As she drifted off after her father, Ron reappeared with an elderly witch clutching his arm. Her beaky nose, red-rimmed eyes, and feathery pink hat gave her the look of a bad-tempered flamingo.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and your hair\rquote s much too long, Ronald, for a moment I thought you were Ginevra. Merlin\rquote s beard, what is Xenophilius Lovegood wearing? He looks like an omelet. And who are you?\rdblquote  she barked at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah, Auntie Muriel, this is our cousin Barny.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Another Weasley? You breed like gnomes. Isn\rquote t Harry Potter here? I was hoping to meet him. I thought he was a friend of yours, Ronald, or have you merely been boasting?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  he couldn\rquote t come \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmm. Made an excuse, did he? Not as gormless as he looks in press photographs, then. I\rquote ve just been instructing the bride on how best to wear my tiara,\rdblquote  she shouted at Harry. \ldblquote Goblin-made, you know, and been in my family for centuries. She\rquote s a good-looking girl, but still \emdash  \i French.\i0  Well, well, find me a good seat, Ronald, I am a hundred and seven and I ought not to be on my feet too long.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron gave Harry a meaningful look as he passed and did not reap\-pear for some time: When next they met at the entrance, Harry had shown a dozen more people to their places. The marquee was nearly full now, and for the first time there was no queue outside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nightmare, Muriel is,\rdblquote  said Ron, mopping his forehead on his sleeve. \ldblquote She used to come for Christmas every year, then, thank God, she took offense because Fred and George set off a Dung-bomb under her chair at dinner. Dad always says she\rquote ll have writ\-ten them out of her will \emdash  like they care, they\rquote re going to end up richer than anyone in the family, rate they\rquote re going. \'85 Wow,\rdblquote  he added, blinking rather rapidly as Hermione came hurrying toward them. \ldblquote You look great!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Always the tone of surprise,\rdblquote  said Hermione, though she smiled. She was wearing a floaty, lilac-colored dress with matching high heels; her hair was sleek and shiny. \ldblquote Your Great-Aunt Muriel doesn\rquote t agree, I just met her upstairs while she was giving Fleur the tiara. She said, \lquote Oh dear, is this the Muggle-born?\rquote  and then, \lquote Bad posture and skinny ankles.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t take it personally, she\rquote s rude to everyone,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Talking about Muriel?\rdblquote  inquired George, reemerging from the marquee with Fred. \ldblquote Yeah, she\rquote s just told me my ears are lopsided. Old bat. I wish old Uncle Bilius was still with us, though; he was a right laugh at weddings.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wasn\rquote t he the one who saw a Grim and died twenty-four hours later?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, yeah, he went a bit odd toward the end,\rdblquote  conceded George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But before he went loopy he was the life and soul of the party,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote He used to down an entire bottle of firewhisky, then run\lang3081  \lang1033 onto the dance floor, hoist up his robes, and start pulling bunches of flowers out of his \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, he sounds a real charmer,\rdblquote  said Hermione, while Harry roared with laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never married, for some reason,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You amaze me,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were all laughing so much that none of them noticed the latecomer, a dark-haired young man with a large, curved nose and thick black eyebrows, until he held out his invitation to Ron and said, with his eyes on Hermione, \ldblquote You look vunderful.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Viktor!\rdblquote  she shrieked, and dropped her small beaded bag, which made a loud thump quite disproportionate to its size. As she scram\-bled, blushing, to pick it up, she said, \ldblquote I didn\rquote t know you were \emdash  goodness \emdash  it\rquote s lovely to see \emdash  how are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s ears had turned bright red again. After glancing at Krum\rquote s invitation as if he did not believe a word of it, he said, much too loudly, \ldblquote How come you\rquote re here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fleur invited me,\rdblquote  said Krum, eyebrows raised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who had no grudge against Krum, shook hands; then, feeling that it would be prudent to remove Krum from Ron\rquote s vicin\-ity, offered to show him his seat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your friend is not pleased to see me,\rdblquote  said Krum as they entered the now packed marquee. \ldblquote Or is he a relative?\rdblquote  he added with a glance at Harry\rquote s red curly hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cousin,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, but Krum was not really listening. His appearance was causing a stir, particularly amongst the veela cousins: He was, after all, a famous Quidditch player. While people were still craning their necks to get a good look at him, Ron, Her\-mione, Fred, and George came hurrying down the aisle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Time to sit down,\rdblquote  Fred told Harry, \ldblquote or we\rquote re going to get run over by the bride.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione took their seats in the second row behind Fred and George. Hermione looked rather pink and Ron\rquote s ears were still scarlet. After a few moments he muttered to Harry, \ldblquote Did you see he\rquote s grown a stupid little beard?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry gave a noncommittal grunt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A sense of jittery anticipation had filled the warm tent, the gen\-eral murmuring broken by occasional spurts of excited laughter. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley strolled up the aisle, smiling and waving at relatives; Mrs. Weasley was wearing a brand-new set of amethyst-colored robes with a matching hat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A moment later Bill and Charlie stood up at the front of the mar\-quee, both wearing dress robes, with large white roses in their but\-tonholes; Fred wolf-whistled and there was an outbreak of giggling from the veela cousins. Then the crowd fell silent as music swelled from what seemed to be the golden balloons.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ooooh!\rdblquote  said Hermione, swiveling around in her seat to look at the entrance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A great collective sigh issued from the assembled witches and wizards as Monsieur Delacour and Fleur came walking up the aisle, Fleur gliding, Monsieur Delacour bouncing and beaming. Fleur was wearing a very simple white dress and seemed to be emitting a strong, silvery glow. While her radiance usually dimmed everyone else by comparison, today it beautified everybody it fell upon. Ginny and Gabrielle, both wearing golden dresses, looked even prettier than usual, and once Fleur had reached him, Bill did not look as though he had ever met Fenrir Greyback.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ladies and gentlemen,\rdblquote  said a slightly singsong voice, and with\lang3081  \lang1033 a slight shock, Harry saw the same small, tufty-haired wizard who had presided at Dumbledore\rquote s funeral, now standing in front of Bill and Fleur. \ldblquote We are gathered here today to celebrate the union of two faithful souls \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, my tiara sets off the whole thing nicely,\rdblquote  said Auntie Muriel in a rather carrying whisper. \ldblquote But I must say, Ginevra\rquote s dress is far too low cut.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny glanced around, grinning, winked at Harry, then quickly faced the front again. Harry\rquote s mind wandered a long way from the marquee, back to afternoons spent alone with Ginny in lonely parts of the school grounds. They seemed so long ago; they had always seemed too good to be true, as though he had been stealing shin\-ing hours from a normal person\rquote s life, a person without a lightning-shaped scar on his forehead. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you, William Arthur, take Fleur Isabelle \'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In the front row, Mrs. Weasley and Madame Delacour were both sobbing quietly into scraps of lace. Trumpetlike sounds from the back of the marquee told everyone that Hagrid had taken out one of his own tablecloth-sized handkerchiefs. Hermione turned and beamed at Harry; her eyes too were full of tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 then I declare you bonded for life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The tufty-haired wizard waved his wand high over the heads of Bill and Fleur and a shower of silver stars fell upon them, spiraling around their now entwined figures. As Fred and George led a round of applause, the golden balloons overhead burst: Birds of paradise and tiny golden bells flew and floated out of them, adding their songs and chimes to the din.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ladies and gentlemen!\rdblquote  called the tufty-haired wizard. \ldblquote If you would please stand up!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all did so, Auntie Muriel grumbling audibly; he waved his wand again. The seats on which they had been sitting rose grace\-fully into the air as the canvas walls of the marquee vanished, so that they stood beneath a canopy supported by golden poles, with a glorious view of the sunlit orchard and surrounding countryside. Next, a pool of molten gold spread from the center of the tent to form a gleaming dance floor; the hovering chairs grouped them\-selves around small, white-clothed tables, which all floated grace\-fully back to earth around it, and the golden-jacketed band trooped toward a podium.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Smooth,\rdblquote  said Ron approvingly as the waiters popped up on all sides, some bearing silver trays of pumpkin juice, butterbeer, and firewhisky, others tottering piles of tarts and sandwiches.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We should go and congratulate them!\rdblquote  said Hermione, standing on tiptoe to see the place where Bill and Fleur had vanished amid a crowd of well-wishers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll have time later,\rdblquote  shrugged Ron, snatching three butter-beers from a passing tray and handing one to Harry. \ldblquote Hermione, cop hold, let\rquote s grab a table. \'85 Not there! Nowhere near Muriel \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron led the way across the empty dance floor, glancing left and right as he went: Harry felt sure that he was keeping an eye out for Krum. By the time they had reached the other side of the marquee, most of the tables were occupied: The emptiest was the one where Luna sat alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right if we join you?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  she said happily. \ldblquote Daddy\rquote s just gone to give Bill and Fleur our present.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it, a lifetime\rquote s supply of Gurdyroots?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione aimed a kick at him under the table, but caught Harry\lang3081  \lang1033 instead. Eyes watering in pain, Harry lost track of the conversation for a few moments.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The band had begun to play. Bill and Fleur took to the dance floor first, to great applause; after a while, Mr. Weasley led Madame Dela\-cour onto the floor, followed by Mrs. Weasley and Fleur\rquote s father.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I like this song,\rdblquote  said Luna, swaying in time to the waltzlike tune, and a few seconds later she stood up and glided onto the dance floor, where she revolved on the spot, quite alone, eyes closed and waving her arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s great, isn\rquote t she?\rdblquote  said Ron admiringly. \ldblquote Always good value.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the smile vanished from his face at once: Viktor Krum had dropped into Luna\rquote s vacant seat. Hermione looked pleasurably flus\-tered, but this time Krum had not come to compliment her. With a scowl on his face he said, \ldblquote Who is that man in the yellow?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s Xenophilius Lovegood, he\rquote s the father of a friend of ours,\rdblquote  said Ron. His pugnacious tone indicated that they were not about to laugh at Xenophilius, despite the clear provocation. \ldblquote Come and dance,\rdblquote  he added abruptly to Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked taken aback, but pleased too, and got up. They van\-ished together into the growing throng on the dance floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, they are together now?\rdblquote  asked Krum, momentarily distracted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  sort of,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who are you?\rdblquote  Krum asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Barny Weasley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They shook hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You, Barny \emdash  you know this man Lovegood vell?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I only met him today. Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Krum glowered over the top of his drink, watching Xenophil\-ius, who was chatting to several warlocks on the other side of the dance floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because,\rdblquote  said Krum, \ldblquote if he vos not a guest of Fleur\rquote s, I vould duel him, here and now, for vearing that filthy sign upon his chest.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sign?\rdblquote  said Harry, looking over at Xenophilius too. The strange triangular eye was gleaming on his chest. \ldblquote Why? What\rquote s wrong with it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Grindelvald. That is Grindelvald\rquote s sign.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Grindelwald \'85 the Dark wizard Dumbledore defeated?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Exactly.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Krum\rquote s jaw muscles worked as if he were chewing, then he said, \ldblquote Grindelvald killed many people, my grandfather, for instance. Of course, he vos never poverful in this country, they said he feared Dumbledore \emdash  and rightly, seeing how he vos finished. But this\rdblquote  \emdash  he pointed a finger at Xenophilius \emdash  \ldblquote this is his symbol, I recognized it at vunce: Grindelvald carved it into a vall at Durmstrang ven he vos a pupil there. Some idiots copied it onto their books and clothes, thinking to shock, make themselves impressive \emdash  until those of us who had lost family members to Grindelvald taught them better.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Krum cracked his knuckles menacingly and glowered at Xenophil\-ius. Harry felt perplexed. It seemed incredibly unlikely that Luna\rquote s father was a supporter of the Dark Arts, and nobody else in the tent seemed to have recognized the triangular, runelike shape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you \emdash  er \emdash  quite sure it\rquote s Grindelwald\rquote s \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\ldblquote I \lang1033 am not mistaken,\rdblquote  said Krum coldly. \lang3081\ldblquote I \lang1033 valked past that sign for several years, I know it vell.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, there\rquote s a chance,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote that Xenophilius doesn\rquote t actually know what the symbol means. The Lovegoods are quite \'85\lang3081  \lang1033 unusual. He could easily have picked it up somewhere and think it\rquote s a cross section of the head of a Crumple-Horned Snorkack or something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The cross section of a vot?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t know what they are, but apparently he and his daughter go on holiday looking for them. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt he was doing a bad job explaining Luna and her father.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s her,\rdblquote  he said, pointing at Luna, who was still dancing alone, waving her arms around her head like someone attempting to beat off midges.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Vy is she doing that?\rdblquote  asked Krum.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Probably trying to get rid of a Wrackspurt,\rdblquote  said Harry, who recognized the symptoms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Krum did not seem to know whether or not Harry was making fun of him. He drew his wand from inside his robes and tapped it menacingly on his thigh; sparks flew out of the end.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gregorovitch!\rdblquote  said Harry loudly, and Krum started, but Harry was too excited to care; the memory had come back to him at the sight of Krum\rquote s wand: Ollivander taking it and examining it care\-fully before the Triwizard Tournament.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Vot about him?\rdblquote  asked Krum suspiciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s a wandmaker!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know that,\rdblquote  said Krum.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He made your wand! That\rquote s why I thought \emdash  Quidditch \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Krum was looking more and more suspicious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you know Gregorovitch made my vand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85 I read it somewhere, I think,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote In a \emdash  a fan magazine,\rdblquote  he improvised wildly and Krum looked mollified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had not realized I ever discussed my vand with fans,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \'85 er \'85 where is Gregorovitch these days?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Krum looked puzzled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He retired several years ago. I vos one of the last to purchase a Gregorovitch vand. They are the best \emdash  although I know, of course, that you Britons set much store by Ollivander.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer. He pretended to watch the dancers, like Krum, but he was thinking hard. So Voldemort was looking for a celebrated wandmaker, and Harry did not have to search far for a reason: It was surely because of what Harry\rquote s wand had done on the night that Voldemort had pursued him across the skies. The holly and phoenix feather wand had conquered the borrowed wand, some\-thing that Ollivander had not anticipated or understood. Would Gregorovitch know better? Was he truly more skilled than Olli\-vander, did he know secrets of wands that Ollivander did not?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This girl is very nice-looking,\rdblquote  Krum said, recalling Harry to his surroundings. Krum was pointing at Ginny, who had just joined Luna. \ldblquote She is also a relative of yours?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, suddenly irritated, \ldblquote and she\rquote s seeing someone. Jealous type. Big bloke. You wouldn\rquote t want to cross him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Krum grunted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Vot,\rdblquote  he said, draining his goblet and getting to his feet again, \ldblquote is the point of being an international Quidditch player if all the good-looking girls are taken?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he strode off, leaving Harry to take a sandwich from a pass\-ing waiter and make his way around the edge of the crowded dance floor. He wanted to find Ron, to tell him about Gregorovitch, but Ron was dancing with Hermione out in the middle of the floor.\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry leaned up against one of the golden pillars and watched Ginny, who was now dancing with Fred and George\rquote s friend Lee Jordan, trying not to feel resentful about the promise he had given Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had never been to a wedding before, so he could not judge how Wizarding celebrations differed from Muggle ones, though he was pretty sure that the latter would not involve a wedding cake topped with two model phoenixes that took flight when the cake was cut, or bottles of champagne that floated unsupported through the crowd. As evening drew in, and moths began to swoop under the canopy, now lit with floating golden lanterns, the revelry became more and more uncontained. Fred and George had long since dis\-appeared into the darkness with a pair of Fleur\rquote s cousins; Charlie, Hagrid, and a squat wizard in a purple porkpie hat were singing \ldblquote Odo the Hero\rdblquote  in a corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wandering through the crowd so as to escape a drunken uncle of Ron\rquote s who seemed unsure whether or not Harry was his son, Harry spotted an old wizard sitting alone at a table. His cloud of white hair made him look rather like an aged dandelion clock and was topped by a moth-eaten fez. He was vaguely familiar: Racking his brains, Harry suddenly realized that this was Elphias Doge, member of the Order of the Phoenix and the writer of Dumbledore\rquote s obituary.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry approached him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote May I sit down?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, of course,\rdblquote  said Doge; he had a rather high-pitched, wheezy voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry leaned in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Doge, I\rquote m Harry Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Doge gasped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear boy! Arthur told me you were here, disguised. \'85 I am so glad, so honored!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In a flutter of nervous pleasure Doge poured Harry a goblet of champagne.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought of writing to you,\rdblquote  he whispered, \ldblquote after Dumbledore \'85 the shock \'85 and for you, I am sure \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Doge\rquote s tiny eyes filled with sudden tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw the obituary you wrote for the \i Daily Prophet,\i0\rquote\rquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t realize you knew Professor Dumbledore so well.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As well as anyone,\rdblquote  said Doge, dabbing his eyes with a napkin. \ldblquote Certainly I knew him longest, if you don\rquote t count Aberforth \emdash  and somehow, people never \i do\i0  seem to count Aberforth.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Speaking of the \i Daily Prophet\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 I don\rquote t know whether you saw, Mr. Doge \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, please call me Elphias, dear boy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Elphias, I don\rquote t know whether you saw the interview Rita Skeeter gave about Dumbledore?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Doge\rquote s face flooded with angry color.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, Harry, I saw it. That woman, or vulture might be a more accurate term, positively pestered me to talk to her. I am ashamed to say that I became rather rude, called her an interfering trout, which resulted, as you may have seen, in aspersions cast upon my sanity.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, in that interview,\rdblquote  Harry went on, \ldblquote Rita Skeeter hinted that Professor Dumbledore was involved in the Dark Arts when he was young.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t believe a word of it!\rdblquote  said Doge at once. \ldblquote Not a word, Harry! Let nothing tarnish your memories of Albus Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked into Doge\rquote s earnest, pained face and felt, not reas\-sured, but frustrated. Did Doge really think it was that easy, that\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry could simply \i choose\i0  not to believe? Didn\rquote t Doge understand Harry\rquote s need to be sure, to know \i everything\i0 ?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Perhaps Doge suspected Harry\rquote s feelings, for he looked concerned and hurried on, \ldblquote Harry, Rita Skeeter is a dreadful \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he was interrupted by a shrill cackle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Rita Skeeter? Oh, I love her, always read her!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Doge looked up to see Auntie Muriel standing there, the plumes dancing on her hat, a goblet of champagne in her hand. \ldblquote She\rquote s written a book about Dumbledore, you know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello, Muriel,\rdblquote  said Doge. \ldblquote Yes, we were just discussing \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You there! Give me your chair, I\rquote m a hundred and seven!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Another redheaded Weasley cousin jumped off his seat, look\-ing alarmed, and Auntie Muriel swung it around with surprising strength and plopped herself down upon it between Doge and Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello again, Barry, or whatever your name is,\rdblquote  she said to Harry. \ldblquote Now, what were you saying about Rita Skeeter, Elphias? You know she\rquote s written a biography of Dumbledore? I can\rquote t wait to read it, I must remember to place an order at Flourish and Blotts!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Doge looked stiff and solemn at this, but Auntie Muriel drained her goblet and clicked her bony fingers at a passing waiter for a re\-placement. She took another large gulp of champagne, belched, and then said, \ldblquote There\rquote s no need to look like a pair of stuffed frogs! Before he became so respected and respectable and all that tosh, there were some mighty funny rumors about Albus!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ill-informed sniping,\rdblquote  said Doge, turning radish-colored again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You would say that, Elphias,\rdblquote  cackled Auntie Muriel. \ldblquote I noticed how you skated over the sticky patches in that obituary of yours!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry you think so,\rdblquote  said Doge, more coldly still. \ldblquote I assure you I was writing from the heart.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, we all know you worshipped Dumbledore; I daresay you\rquote ll still think he was a saint even if it does turn out that he did away with his Squib sister!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Muriel\i0 !\rdblquote  exclaimed Doge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A chill that had nothing to do with the iced champagne was stealing through Harry\rquote s chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote  he asked Muriel. \ldblquote Who said his sister was a Squib? I thought she was ill?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thought wrong, then, didn\rquote t you, Barry!\rdblquote  said Auntie Muriel, looking delighted at the effect she had produced. \ldblquote Anyway, how could you expect to know anything about it? It all happened years and years before you were even thought of, my dear, and the truth is that those of us who were alive then never knew what really hap\-pened. That\rquote s why I can\rquote t wait to find out what Skeeter\rquote s unearthed! Dumbledore kept that sister of his quiet for a long time!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Untrue!\rdblquote  wheezed Doge. \ldblquote Absolutely untrue!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He never told me his sister was a Squib,\rdblquote  said Harry, without thinking, still cold inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And why on earth would he tell you?\rdblquote  screeched Muriel, swaying a little in her seat as she attempted to focus upon Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The reason Albus never spoke about Ariana,\rdblquote  began Elphias in a voice stiff with emotion, \ldblquote is, I should have thought, quite clear. He was so devastated by her death \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why did nobody ever see her, Elphias?\rdblquote  squawked Muriel. \ldblquote Why did half of us never even know she existed, until they car\-ried the coffin out of the house and held a funeral for her? Where was saintly Albus while Ariana was locked in the cellar? Off being\lang3081  \lang1033 brilliant at Hogwarts, and never mind what was going on in his own house!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, locked in the cellar?\rdblquote  asked Harry. \ldblquote What is this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Doge looked wretched. Auntie Muriel cackled again and an\-swered Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s mother was a terrifying woman, simply terrifying. Muggle-born, though I heard she pretended otherwise \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She never pretended anything of the sort! Kendra was a fine woman,\rdblquote  whispered Doge miserably, but Auntie Muriel ignored him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  proud and very domineering, the sort of witch who would have been mortified to produce a Squib \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ariana was not a Squib!\rdblquote  wheezed Doge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you say, Elphias, but explain, then, why she never attended Hogwarts!\rdblquote  said Auntie Muriel. She turned back to Harry. \ldblquote In our day, Squibs were often hushed up, though to take it to the extreme of actually imprisoning a little girl in the house and pretending she didn\rquote t exist \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I tell you, that\rquote s not what happened!\rdblquote  said Doge, but Auntie Muriel steamrollered on, still addressing Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Squibs were usually shipped off to Muggle schools and encour\-aged to integrate into the Muggle community\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 much kinder than trying to find them a place in the Wizarding world, where they must always be second class; but naturally Kendra Dumbledore wouldn\rquote t have dreamed of letting her daughter go to a Muggle school \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ariana was delicate!\rdblquote  said Doge desperately. \ldblquote Her health was always too poor to permit her \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  to permit her to leave the house?\rdblquote  cackled Muriel. \ldblquote And yet\lang3081  \lang1033 she was never taken to St. Mungo\rquote s and no Healer was ever sum\-moned to see her!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really, Muriel, how you can possibly know whether \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For your information, Elphias, my cousin Lancelot was a Healer at St. Mungo\rquote s at the time, and he told my family in strictest con\-fidence that Ariana had never been seen there. All most suspicious, Lancelot thought!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Doge looked to be on the verge of tears. Auntie Muriel, who seemed to be enjoying herself hugely, snapped her fingers for more champagne. Numbly Harry thought of how the Dursleys had once shut him up, locked him away, kept him out of sight, all for the crime of being a wizard. Had Dumbledore\rquote s sister suffered the same fate in reverse: imprisoned for her lack of magic? And had Dumbledore truly left her to her fate while he went off to Hogwarts, to prove himself brilliant and talented?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, if Kendra hadn\rquote t died first,\rdblquote  Muriel resumed, \ldblquote I\rquote d have said that it was she who finished off Ariana \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How can you, Muriel?\rdblquote  groaned Doge. \ldblquote A mother kill her own daughter? Think what you are saying!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If the mother in question was capable of imprisoning her daugh\-ter for years on end, why not?\rdblquote  shrugged Auntie Muriel. \ldblquote But as I say, it doesn\rquote t fit, because Kendra died before Ariana \emdash  of what, nobody ever seemed sure \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, no doubt Ariana murdered her,\rdblquote  said Doge with a brave attempt at scorn. \ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Ariana might have made a desperate bid for freedom and killed Kendra in the struggle,\rdblquote  said Auntie Muriel thoughtfully. \ldblquote Shake your head all you like, Elphias! You were at Ariana\rquote s funeral, were you not?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes I was,\rdblquote  said Doge, through trembling lips. \ldblquote And a more desper\-ately sad occasion I cannot remember. Albus was heartbroken \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His heart wasn\rquote t the only thing. Didn\rquote t Aberforth break Albus\rquote s nose halfway through the service?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If Doge had looked horrified before this, it was nothing to how he looked now. Muriel might have stabbed him. She cackled loudly and took another swig of champagne, which dribbled down her chin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you \emdash  ?\rdblquote  croaked Doge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My mother was friendly with old Bathilda Bagshot,\rdblquote  said Auntie Muriel happily. \ldblquote Bathilda described the whole thing to Mother while I was listening at the door. A coffin-side brawl! The way Bathilda told it, Aberforth shouted that it was all Albus\rquote s fault that Ariana was dead and then punched him in the face. According to Bathilda, Albus did not even defend himself, and that\rquote s odd enough in itself, Albus could have destroyed Aberforth in a duel with both hands tied behind his back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Muriel swigged yet more champagne. The recitation of these old scandals seemed to elate her as much as they horrified Doge. Harry did not know what to think, what to believe: He wanted the truth, and yet all Doge did was sit there and bleat feebly that Ariana had been ill. Harry could hardly believe that Dumbledore would not have intervened if such cruelty was happening inside his own house, and yet there was undoubtedly something odd about the story.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And I\rquote ll tell you something else,\rdblquote  Muriel said, hiccuping slightly as she lowered her goblet. \ldblquote I think Bathilda has spilled the beans to Rita Skeeter. All those hints in Skeeter\rquote s interview about an impor\-tant source close to the Dumbledores \emdash  goodness knows she was there all through the Ariana business, and it would fit!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bathilda would never talk to Rita Skeeter!\rdblquote  whispered Doge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bathilda Bagshot?\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote The author of \i A History of Magic\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The name was printed on the front of one of Harry\rquote s text\-books, though admittedly not one of the ones he had read most attentively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Doge, clutching at Harry\rquote s question like a drown\-ing man at a life belt. \ldblquote A most gifted magical historian and an old friend of Albus\rquote s.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quite gaga these days, I\rquote ve heard,\rdblquote  said Auntie Muriel cheer\-fully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If that is so, it is even more dishonorable for Skeeter to have taken advantage of her,\rdblquote  said Doge, \ldblquote and no reliance can be placed on anything Bathilda may have said!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, there are ways of bringing back memories, and I\rquote m sure Rita Skeeter knows them all,\rdblquote  said Auntie Muriel. \ldblquote But even if Bathilda\rquote s completely cuckoo, I\rquote m sure she\rquote d still have old photographs, maybe even letters. She knew the Dumbledores for years. \'85 Well worth a trip to Godric\rquote s Hollow, I\rquote d have thought.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who had been taking a sip of butterbeer, choked. Doge banged him on the back as Harry coughed, looking at Auntie Mu\-riel through streaming eyes. Once he had control of his voice again, he asked, \ldblquote Bathilda Bagshot lives in Godric\rquote s Hollow?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, she\rquote s been there forever! The Dumbledores moved there after Percival was imprisoned, and she was their neighbor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dumbledores lived in Godric\rquote s Hollow?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Barry, that\rquote s what I just said,\rdblquote  said Auntie Muriel testily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt drained, empty. Never once, in six years, had Dum\-bledore told Harry that they had both lived and lost loved ones in Godric\rquote s Hollow. Why? Were Lily and James buried close to\lang3081  \lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s mother and sister? Had Dumbledore visited their graves, perhaps walked past Lily\rquote s and James\rquote s to do so? And he had never once told Harry \'85 never bothered to say \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And why it was so important, Harry could not explain even to himself, yet he felt it had been tantamount to a lie not to tell him that they had this place and these experiences in common. He stared ahead of him, barely noticing what was going on around him, and did not realize that Hermione had appeared out of the crowd until she drew up a chair beside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I simply can\rquote t dance anymore,\rdblquote  she panted, slipping off one of her shoes and rubbing the sole of her foot. \ldblquote Ron\rquote s gone looking to find more butterbeers. It\rquote s a bit odd, I\rquote ve just seen Viktor storming away from Luna\rquote s father, it looked like they\rquote d been arguing \emdash\rdblquote  She dropped her voice, staring at him. \ldblquote Harry, are you okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not know where to begin, but it did not matter. At that moment, something large and silver came falling through the canopy over the dance floor. Graceful and gleaming, the lynx landed lightly in the middle of the astonished dancers. Heads turned, as those nearest it froze absurdly in mid-dance. Then the Patronus\rquote s mouth opened wide and it spoke in the loud, deep, slow voice of Kingsley Shacklebolt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i The Ministry has fallen. Scrimgeour is dead. They are coming.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 9\par
\pard\qc A Place to Hide\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Everything seemed fuzzy, slow. Harry and Hermione jumped to their feet and drew their wands. Many people were only just realizing that something strange had happened; heads were still turning toward the silver cat as it vanished. Silence spread outward in cold ripples from the place where the Patronus had landed. Then somebody screamed.\par
Harry and Hermione threw themselves into the panicking crowd. Guests were sprinting in all directions; many were Disapparating; the protective enchantments around the Burrow had broken.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  Hermione cried. \ldblquote Ron, where are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As they pushed their way across the dance floor, Harry saw cloaked and masked figures appearing in the crowd; then he saw Lupin and Tonks, their wands raised, and heard both of them shout, \ldblquote\i Protego\i0 !\rdblquote , a cry that was echoed on all sides \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron! Ron!\rdblquote  Hermione called, half sobbing as she and Harry were buffeted by terrified guests: Harry seized her hand to make\lang3081  \lang1033 sure they weren\rquote t separated as a streak of light whizzed over their heads, whether a protective charm or something more sinister he did not know \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then Ron was there. He caught hold of Hermione\rquote s free arm, and Harry felt her turn on the spot; sight and sound were ex\-tinguished as darkness pressed in upon him; all he could feel was Hermione\rquote s hand as he was squeezed through space and time, away from the Burrow, away from the descending Death Eaters, away, perhaps, from Voldemort himself. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are we?\rdblquote  said Ron\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened his eyes. For a moment he thought they had not left the wedding after all: They still seemed to be surrounded by people.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tottenham Court Road,\rdblquote  panted Hermione. \ldblquote Walk, just walk, we need to find somewhere for you to change.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did as she asked. They half walked, half ran up the wide dark street thronged with late-night revelers and lined with closed shops, stars twinkling above them. A double-decker bus rumbled by and a group of merry pub-goers ogled them as they passed; Harry and Ron were still wearing dress robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, we haven\rquote t got anything to change into,\rdblquote  Ron told her, as a young woman burst into raucous giggles at the sight of him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why didn\rquote t I make sure I had the Invisibility Cloak with me?\rdblquote  said Harry, inwardly cursing his own stupidity. \ldblquote All last year I kept it on me and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s okay, I\rquote ve got the Cloak, I\rquote ve got clothes for both of you,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Just try and act naturally until \emdash  this will do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She led them down a side street, then into the shelter of a shad\-owy alleyway.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When you say you\rquote ve got the Cloak, and clothes \'85\rdblquote  said Harry, frowning at Hermione, who was carrying nothing except her small beaded handbag, in which she was now rummaging.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, they\rquote re here,\rdblquote  said Hermione, and to Harry and Ron\rquote s ut\-ter astonishment, she pulled out a pair of jeans, a sweatshirt, some maroon socks, and finally the silvery Invisibility Cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How the ruddy hell \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Undetectable Extension Charm,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Tricky, but I think I\rquote ve done it okay; anyway, I managed to fit everything we need in here.\rdblquote  She gave the fragile-looking bag a little shake and it echoed like a cargo hold as a number of heavy objects rolled around inside it. \ldblquote Oh, damn, that\rquote ll be the books,\rdblquote  she said, peering into it, \ldblquote and I had them all stacked by subject. \'85 Oh well. \'85 Harry, you\rquote d better take the Invisibility Cloak. Ron, hurry up and change. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When did you do all this?\rdblquote  Harry asked as Ron stripped off his robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told you at the Burrow, I\rquote ve had the essentials packed for days, you know, in case we needed to make a quick getaway. I packed your rucksack this morning, Harry, after you changed, and put it in here. \'85 I just had a feeling. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re amazing, you are,\rdblquote  said Ron, handing her his bundled-up robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said Hermione, managing a small smile as she pushed the robes into the bag. \ldblquote Please, Harry, get that Cloak on!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry threw the Invisibility Cloak around his shoulders and pulled it up over his head, vanishing from sight. He was only just beginning to appreciate what had happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The others \emdash  everyone at the wedding \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can\rquote t worry about that now,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione. \ldblquote It\rquote s you they\rquote re after, Harry, and we\rquote ll just put everyone in even more danger by going back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Ron, who seemed to know that Harry was about to argue, even if he could not see his face. \ldblquote Most of the Order was there, they\rquote ll look after everyone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded, then remembered that they could not see him, and said, \ldblquote Yeah.\rdblquote  But he thought of Ginny, and fear bubbled like acid in his stomach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, I think we ought to keep moving,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They moved back up the side street and onto the main road again, where a group of men on the opposite side was singing and weaving across the pavement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just as a matter of interest, why Tottenham Court Road?\rdblquote  Ron asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve no idea, it just popped into my head, but I\rquote m sure we\rquote re safer out in the Muggle world, it\rquote s not where they\rquote ll expect us to be.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote True,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking around, \ldblquote but don\rquote t you feel a bit \emdash  exposed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where else is there?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, cringing as the men on the other side of the road started wolf-whistling at her. \ldblquote We can hardly book rooms at the Leaky Cauldron, can we? And Grimmauld Place is out if Snape can get in there. \'85 I suppose we could try my parents\rquote  house, though I think there\rquote s a chance they might check there. \'85 Oh, I wish they\rquote d shut up!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, darling?\rdblquote  the drunkest of the men on the other pave\-ment was yelling. \ldblquote Fancy a drink? Ditch ginger and come and have a pint!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s sit down somewhere,\rdblquote  Hermione said hastily as Ron opened his mouth to shout back across the road. \ldblquote Look, this will do, in here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a small and shabby all-night caf\'e9. A light layer of grease lay on all the Formica-topped tables, but it was at least empty. Harry slipped into a booth first and Ron sat next to him opposite Hermione, who had her back to the entrance and did not like it: She glanced over her shoulder so frequently she appeared to have a twitch. Harry did not like being stationary; walking had given the illusion that they had a goal. Beneath the Cloak he could feel the last vestiges of Polyjuice leaving him, his hands returning to their usual length and shape. He pulled his glasses out of his pocket and put them on again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After a minute or two, Ron said, \ldblquote You know, we\rquote re not far from the Leaky Cauldron here, it\rquote s only in Charing Cross \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, we can\rquote t!\rdblquote  said Hermione at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not to stay there, but to find out what\rquote s going on!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We know what\rquote s going on! Voldemort\rquote s taken over the Ministry, what else do we need to know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, okay, it was just an idea!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They relapsed into a prickly silence. The gum-chewing waitress shuffled over and Hermione ordered two cappuccinos: As Harry was invisible, it would have looked odd to order him one. A pair of burly workmen entered the caf\'e9 and squeezed into the next booth. Hermione dropped her voice to a whisper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I say we find a quiet place to Disapparate and head for the coun\-tryside. Once we\rquote re there, we could send a message to the Order.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you do that talking Patronus thing, then?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been practicing and I think so,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, as long as it doesn\rquote t get them into trouble, though they might\rquote ve been arrested already. God, that\rquote s revolting,\rdblquote  Ron added after one sip of the foamy, grayish coffee. The waitress had heard; she shot Ron a nasty look as she shuffled off to take the new cus\-tomers\rquote  orders. The larger of the two workmen, who was blond and quite huge, now that Harry came to look at him, waved her away. She stared, affronted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s get going, then, I don\rquote t want to drink this muck,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Hermione, have you got Muggle money to pay for this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I took out all my Building Society savings before I came to the Burrow. I\rquote ll bet all the change is at the bottom,\rdblquote  sighed Hermi\-one, reaching for her beaded bag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The two workmen made identical movements, and Harry mir\-rored them without conscious thought: All three of them drew their wands. Ron, a few seconds late in realizing what was going on, lunged across the table, pushing Hermione sideways onto her bench. The force of the Death Eaters\rquote  spells shattered the tiled wall where Ron\rquote s head had just been, as Harry, still invisible, yelled, \ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The great blond Death Eater was hit in the face by a jet of red light: He slumped sideways, unconscious. His companion, unable to see who had cast the spell, fired another at Ron: Shining black ropes flew from his wand-tip and bound Ron head to foot \emdash  the waitress screamed and ran for the door \emdash  Harry sent another Stun\-ning Spell at the Death Eater with the twisted face who had tied up Ron, but the spell missed, rebounded on the window, and hit the waitress, who collapsed in front of the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expulso\i0 !\rdblquote  bellowed the Death Eater, and the table behind which Harry was standing blew up: The force of the explosion slammed\lang3081  \lang1033 him into the wall and he felt his wand leave his hand as the Cloak slipped off him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Petrificus Totalus\i0 !\rdblquote  screamed Hermione from out of sight, and the Death Eater fell forward like a statue to land with a crunching thud on the mess of broken china, table, and coffee. Hermione crawled out from underneath the bench, shaking bits of glass ashtray out of her hair and trembling all over.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i D-diffindo,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 she said, pointing her wand at Ron, who roared in pain as she slashed open the knee of his jeans, leaving a deep cut. \ldblquote Oh, I\rquote m so sorry, Ron, my hand\rquote s shaking! \i Diffindo\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The severed ropes fell away. Ron got to his feet, shaking his arms to regain feeling in them. Harry picked up his wand and climbed over all the debris to where the large blond Death Eater was sprawled across the bench.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I should\rquote ve recognized him, he was there the night Dumbledore died,\rdblquote  he said. He turned over the darker Death Eater with his foot; the man\rquote s eyes moved rapidly between Harry, Ron, and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s Dolohov,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I recognize him from the old wanted posters. I think the big one\rquote s Thorfinn Rowle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never mind what they\rquote re called!\rdblquote  said Hermione a little hysteri\-cally. \ldblquote How did they find us? What are we going to do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Somehow her panic seemed to clear Harry\rquote s head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lock the door,\rdblquote  he told her, \ldblquote and Ron, turn out the lights.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked down at the paralyzed Dolohov, thinking fast as the lock clicked and Ron used the Deluminator to plunge the caf\'e9 into darkness. Harry could hear the men who had jeered at Hermione earlier, yelling at another girl in the distance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are we going to do with them?\rdblquote  Ron whispered to Harry\lang3081  \lang1033 through the dark; then, even more quietly, \ldblquote Kill them? They\rquote d kill us. They had a good go just now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione shuddered and took a step backward. Harry shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We just need to wipe their memories,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote It\rquote s better like that, it\rquote ll throw them off the scent. If we killed them it\rquote d be obvious we were here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re the boss,\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding profoundly relieved. \ldblquote But I\rquote ve never done a Memory Charm.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nor have I,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote but I know the theory.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She took a deep, calming breath, then pointed her wand at Dolo\-hov\rquote s forehead and said, \ldblquote\i Obliviate.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At once, Dolohov\rquote s eyes became unfocused and dreamy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Brilliant!\rdblquote  said Harry, clapping her on the back. \ldblquote Take care of the other one and the waitress while Ron and I clear up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Clear up?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking around at the partly destroyed caf\'e9. \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you think they might wonder what\rquote s happened if they wake up and find themselves in a place that looks like it\rquote s just been bombed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh right, yeah \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron struggled for a moment before managing to extract his wand from his pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s no wonder I can\rquote t get it out, Hermione, you packed my old jeans, they\rquote re tight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I\rquote m so sorry,\rdblquote  hissed Hermione, and as she dragged the waitress out of sight of the windows, Harry heard her mutter a sug\-gestion as to where Ron could stick his wand instead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once the caf\'e9 was restored to its previous condition, they heaved the Death Eaters back into their booth and propped them up fac\-ing each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how did they find us?\rdblquote  Hermione asked, looking from one inert man to the other. \ldblquote How did they know where we were?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She turned to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  you don\rquote t think you\rquote ve still got your Trace on you, do you, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He can\rquote t have,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote The Trace breaks at seventeen, that\rquote s Wizarding law, you can\rquote t put it on an adult.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As far as you know,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote What if the Death Eaters have found a way to put it on a seventeen-year-old?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Harry hasn\rquote t been near a Death Eater in the last twenty-four hours. Who\rquote s supposed to have put a Trace back on him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione did not reply. Harry felt contaminated, tainted: Was that really how the Death Eaters had found them?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I can\rquote t use magic, and you can\rquote t use magic near me, without us giving away our position \emdash\rdblquote  he began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not splitting up!\rdblquote  said Hermione firmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need a safe place to hide,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Give us time to think things through.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Grimmauld Place,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The other two gaped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be silly, Harry, Snape can get in there!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron\rquote s dad said they\rquote ve put up jinxes against him \emdash  and even if they haven\rquote t worked,\rdblquote  he pressed on as Hermione began to argue, \ldblquote so what? I swear, I\rquote d like nothing better than to meet Snape!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, where else is there? It\rquote s the best chance we\rquote ve got.\lang3081  \lang1033 Snape\rquote s only one Death Eater. If I\rquote ve still got the Trace on me, we\rquote ll have whole crowds of them on us wherever else we go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She could not argue, though she looked as if she would have liked to. While she unlocked the caf\'e9 door, Ron clicked the Delumina\-tor to release the caf\'e9\rquote s light. Then, on Harry\rquote s count of three, they reversed the spells upon their three victims, and before the waitress or either of the Death Eaters could do more than stir sleepily, Harry, Ron, and Hermione had turned on the spot and vanished into the compressing darkness once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seconds later Harry\rquote s lungs expanded gratefully and he opened his eyes: They were now standing in the middle of a familiar small and shabby square. Tall, dilapidated houses looked down on them from every side. Number twelve was visible to them, for they had been told of its existence by Dumbledore, its Secret-Keeper, and they rushed toward it, checking every few yards that they were not be\-ing followed or observed. They raced up the stone steps, and Harry tapped the front door once with his wand. They heard a series of metallic clicks and the clatter of a chain, then the door swung open with a creak and they hurried over the threshold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry closed the door behind them, the old-fashioned gas lamps sprang into life, casting flickering light along the length of the hallway. It looked just as Harry remembered it: eerie, cobwebbed, the outlines of the house-elf heads on the wall throwing odd shad\-ows up the staircase. Long dark curtains concealed the portrait of Sirius\rquote s mother. The only thing that was out of place was the troll\rquote s leg umbrella stand, which was lying on its side as if Tonks had just knocked it over again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think somebody\rquote s been in here,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered, point\-ing toward it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That could\rquote ve happened as the Order left,\rdblquote  Ron murmured back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So where are these jinxes they put up against Snape?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe they\rquote re only activated if he shows up?\rdblquote  suggested Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yet they remained close together on the doormat, backs against the door, scared to move farther into the house.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we can\rquote t stay here forever,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he took a step forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Severus Snape\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mad-Eye Moody\rquote s voice whispered out of the darkness, making all three of them jump back in fright. \ldblquote We\rquote re not Snape!\rdblquote  croaked Harry, before something whooshed over him like cold air and his tongue curled backward on itself, making it impossible to speak. Before he had time to feel inside his mouth, however, his tongue had unraveled again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The other two seemed to have experienced the same unpleasant sensation. Ron was making retching noises; Hermione stammered, \ldblquote That m-must have b-been the T-Tongue-Tying Curse Mad-Eye set up for Snape!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Gingerly Harry took another step forward. Something shifted in the shadows at the end of the hall, and before any of them could say another word, a figure had risen up out of the carpet, tall, dust-colored, and terrible: Hermione screamed and so did Mrs. Black, her curtains flying open; the gray figure was gliding toward them, faster and faster, its waist-length hair and beard streaming behind it, its face sunken, fleshless, with empty eye sockets: Horribly familiar, dreadfully altered, it raised a wasted arm, pointing at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  Harry shouted, and though he had raised his wand no spell occurred to him. \ldblquote No! It wasn\rquote t us! We didn\rquote t kill you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On the word \i kill,\i0  the figure exploded in a great cloud of dust: Coughing, his eyes watering, Harry looked around to see Hermione crouched on the floor by the door with her arms over her head, and Ron, who was shaking from head to foot, patting her clumsily on the shoulder and saying, \ldblquote It\rquote s all r-right. \'85 It\rquote s g-gone. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dust swirled around Harry like mist, catching the blue gaslight, as Mrs. Black continued to scream.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Mudbloods, filth, stains of dishonor, taint of shame on the house of my fathers\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SHUT UP!\rdblquote  Harry bellowed, directing his wand at her, and with a bang and a burst of red sparks, the curtains swung shut again, silencing her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 that was \'85\rdblquote  Hermione whimpered, as Ron helped her to her feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but it wasn\rquote t really him, was it? Just some\-thing to scare Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Had it worked, Harry wondered, or had Snape already blasted the horror-figure aside as casually as he had killed the real Dumble\-dore? Nerves still tingling, he led the other two up the hall, half-expecting some new terror to reveal itself, but nothing moved except for a mouse skittering along the skirting board.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Before we go any farther, I think we\rquote d better check,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione, and she raised her wand and said, \ldblquote\i Homenum revelio.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nothing happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you\rquote ve just had a big shock,\rdblquote  said Ron kindly. \ldblquote What was that supposed to do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It did what I meant it to do!\rdblquote  said Hermione rather crossly. \ldblquote That was a spell to reveal human presence, and there\rquote s nobody here except us!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And old Dusty,\rdblquote  said Ron, glancing at the patch of carpet from which the corpse-figure had risen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s go up,\rdblquote  said Hermione with a frightened look at the same spot, and she led the way up the creaking stairs to the drawing room on the first floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione waved her wand to ignite the old gas lamps, then, shivering slightly in the drafty room, she perched on the sofa, her arms wrapped tightly around her. Ron crossed to the window and moved the heavy velvet curtain aside an inch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t see anyone out there,\rdblquote  he reported. \ldblquote And you\rquote d think, if Harry still had a Trace on him, they\rquote d have followed us here. I know they can\rquote t get in the house, but \emdash  what\rquote s up, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had given a cry of pain: His scar had burned again as some\-thing flashed across his mind like a bright light on water. He saw a large shadow and felt a fury that was not his own pound through his body, violent and brief as an electric shock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did you see?\rdblquote  Ron asked, advancing on Harry. \ldblquote Did you see him at my place?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I just felt anger \emdash  he\rquote s really angry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But that could be at the Burrow,\rdblquote  said Ron loudly. \ldblquote What else? Didn\rquote t you see anything? Was he cursing someone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I just felt anger \emdash  I couldn\rquote t tell \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt badgered, confused, and Hermione did not help as she said in a frightened voice, \ldblquote Your scar, again? But what\rquote s going on? I thought that connection had closed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It did, for a while,\rdblquote  muttered Harry; his scar was still painful,\lang3081  \lang1033 which made it hard to concentrate. \ldblquote I \emdash  I think it\rquote s started opening again whenever he loses control, that\rquote s how it used to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then you\rquote ve got to close your mind!\rdblquote  said Hermione shrilly. \ldblquote Harry, Dumbledore didn\rquote t want you to use that connection, he wanted you to shut it down, that\rquote s why you were supposed to use Occlumency! Otherwise Voldemort can plant false images in your mind, remember \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I do remember, thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry through gritted teeth; he did not need Hermione to tell him that Voldemort had once used this selfsame connection between them to lead him into a trap, nor that it had resulted in Sirius\rquote s death. He wished that he had not told them what he had seen and felt; it made Voldemort more threaten\-ing, as though he were pressing against the window of the room, and still the pain in his scar was building and he fought it: It was like resisting the urge to be sick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned his back on Ron and Hermione, pretending to exam\-ine the old tapestry of the Black family tree on the wall. Then Her\-mione shrieked: Harry drew his wand again and spun around to see a silver Patronus soar through the drawing room window and land upon the floor in front of them, where it solidified into the weasel that spoke with the voice of Ron\rquote s father.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Family safe, do not reply, we are being watched.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Patronus dissolved into nothingness. Ron let out a noise be\-tween a whimper and a groan and dropped onto the sofa: Hermione joined him, gripping his arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re all right, they\rquote re all right!\rdblquote  she whispered, and Ron half laughed and hugged her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  he said over Hermione\rquote s shoulder, \ldblquote I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not a problem,\rdblquote  said Harry, sickened by the pain in his head.\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s your family, \rquote course you\rquote re worried. I\rquote d feel the same way.\rdblquote  He thought of Ginny. \ldblquote I \i do\i0  feel the same way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The pain in his scar was reaching a peak, burning as it had done in the garden of the Burrow. Faintly he heard Hermione say, \ldblquote I don\rquote t want to be on my own. Could we use the sleeping bags I\rquote ve brought and camp in here tonight?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He heard Ron agree. He could not fight the pain much longer: He had to succumb.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bathroom,\rdblquote  he muttered, and he left the room as fast as he could without running.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He barely made it: Bolting the door behind him with trembling hands, he grasped his pounding head and fell to the floor, then in an explosion of agony, he felt the rage that did not belong to him possess his soul, saw a long room lit only by firelight, and the great blond Death Eater on the floor, screaming and writhing, and a slighter figure standing over him, wand outstretched, while Harry spoke in a high, cold, merciless voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote More, Rowle, or shall we end it and feed you to Nagini? Lord Voldemort is not sure that he will forgive this time. \'85 You called me back for this, to tell me that Harry Potter has escaped again? Draco, give Rowle another taste of our displeasure. \'85 Do it, or feel my wrath yourself!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A log fell in the fire: Flames reared, their light darting across a terrified, pointed white face \emdash  with a sense of emerging from deep water, Harry drew heaving breaths and opened his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was spread-eagled on the cold black marble floor, his nose inches from one of the silver serpent tails that supported the large bathtub. He sat up. Malfoy\rquote s gaunt, petrified face seemed branded\lang3081  \lang1033 on the inside of his eyes. Harry felt sickened by what he had seen,\lang3081  \lang1033 by the use to which Draco was now being put by Voldemort.\par
There was a sharp rap on the door, and Harry jumped as Hermi\-one\rquote s voice rang out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, do you want your toothbrush? I\rquote ve got it here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, great, thanks,\rdblquote  he said, fighting to keep his voice casual\lang3081  \lang1033 as he stood up to let her in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 10\par
\pard\qc Kreacher\rquote s Tale\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry woke early next morning, wrapped in a sleeping bag on the drawing room floor. A chink of sky was vis\-ible between the heavy curtains: It was the cool, clear blue of watered ink, somewhere between night and dawn, and everything was quiet except for Ron and Hermione\rquote s slow, deep breathing. Harry glanced over at the dark shapes they made on the floor beside him. Ron had had a fit of gallantry and insisted that Hermione sleep on the cushions from the sofa, so that her silhouette was raised above his. Her arm curved to the floor, her fingers inches from Ron\rquote s. Harry wondered whether they had fallen asleep holding hands. The idea made him feel strangely lonely.\par
He looked up at the shadowy ceiling, the cobwebbed chande\-lier. Less than twenty-four hours ago, he had been standing in the sunlight at the entrance to the marquee, waiting to show in wed\-ding guests. It seemed a lifetime away. What was going to happen now? He lay on the floor and he thought of the Horcruxes, of the\lang3081  \lang1033 daunting, complex mission Dumbledore had left him. \'85 Dumble\-dore\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The grief that had possessed him since Dumbledore\rquote s death felt different now. The accusations he had heard from Muriel at the wedding seemed to have nested in his brain like diseased things, infecting his memories of the wizard he had idolized. Could Dum\-bledore have let such things happen? Had he been like Dudley, content to watch neglect and abuse as long as it did not affect him? Could he have turned his back on a sister who was being impris\-oned and hidden?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought of Godric\rquote s Hollow, of graves Dumbledore had never mentioned there; he thought of mysterious objects left with\-out explanation in Dumbledore\rquote s will, and resentment swelled in the darkness. Why hadn\rquote t Dumbledore told him? Why hadn\rquote t he explained? Had Dumbledore actually cared about Harry at all? Or had Harry been nothing more than a tool to be polished and honed, but not trusted, never confided in?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not stand lying there with nothing but bitter thoughts for company. Desperate for something to do, for distrac\-tion, he slipped out of his sleeping bag, picked up his wand, and crept out of the room. On the landing he whispered, \ldblquote\i Lumos,\i0\rdblquote  and started to climb the stairs by wandlight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On the second landing was the bedroom in which he and Ron had slept last time they had been here; he glanced into it. The ward\-robe doors stood open and the bedclothes had been ripped back. Harry remembered the overturned troll leg downstairs. Somebody had searched the house since the Order had left. Snape? Or perhaps Mundungus, who had pilfered plenty from this house both before and after Sirius died? Harry\rquote s gaze wandered to the portrait that\lang3081  \lang1033 sometimes contained Phineas Nigellus Black, Sirius\rquote s great-great-grandfather, but it was empty, showing nothing but a stretch of muddy backdrop. Phineas Nigellus was evidently spending the night in the headmaster\rquote s study at Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry continued up the stairs until he reached the topmost landing, where there were only two doors. The one facing him bore a nameplate reading SIRIUS. Harry had never entered his godfather\rquote s bedroom before. He pushed open the door, holding his wand high to cast light as widely as possible. The room was spacious and must once have been handsome. There was a large bed with a carved wooden headboard, a tall window obscured by long velvet curtains, and a chandelier thickly coated in dust with candle stubs still resting in its sockets, solid wax hanging in frostlike drips. A fine film of dust covered the pictures on the walls and the bed\rquote s headboard; a spider\rquote s web stretched between the chandelier and the top of the large wooden wardrobe, and as Harry moved deeper into the room, he heard a scurrying of dis\-turbed mice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The teenage Sirius had plastered the walls with so many post\-ers and pictures that little of the walls\rquote  silvery-gray silk was visible. Harry could only assume that Sirius\rquote s parents had been unable to remove the Permanent Sticking Charm that kept them on the wall, because he was sure they would not have appreciated their eldest son\rquote s taste in decoration. Sirius seemed to have gone out of his way to annoy his parents. There were several large Gryffindor banners, faded scarlet and gold, just to underline his difference from all the rest of the Slytherin family. There were many pictures of Muggle motorcycles, and also (Harry had to admire Sirius\rquote s nerve) several\lang3081  \lang1033 posters of bikini-clad Muggle girls; Harry could tell that they were Muggles because they remained quite stationary within their pic\-tures, faded smiles and glazed eyes frozen on the paper. This was in contrast to the only Wizarding photograph on the walls, which was a picture of four Hogwarts students standing arm in arm, laughing at the camera.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a leap of pleasure, Harry recognized his father; his untidy black hair stuck up at the back like Harry\rquote s, and he too wore glasses. Beside him was Sirius, carelessly handsome, his slightly arrogant face so much younger and happier than Harry had ever seen it alive. To Sirius\rquote s right stood Pettigrew, more than a head shorter, plump and watery-eyed, flushed with pleasure at his inclusion in this coolest of gangs, with the much-admired rebels that James and Sirius had been. On James\rquote s left was Lupin, even then a little shabby-looking, but he had the same air of delighted surprise at finding himself liked and included \'85 or was it simply because Harry knew how it had been, that he saw these things in the picture? He tried to take it from the wall; it was his now, after all, Sirius had left him everything, but it would not budge. Sirius had taken no chances in preventing his parents from redecorating his room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around at the floor. The sky outside was grow\-ing brighter: A shaft of light revealed bits of paper, books, and small objects scattered over the carpet. Evidently Sirius\rquote s bedroom had been searched too, although its contents seemed to have been judged mostly, if not entirely, worthless. A few of the books had been shaken roughly enough to part company with their covers, and sundry pages littered the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry bent down, picked up a few of the pieces of paper, and\lang3081  \lang1033 examined them. He recognized one as part of an old edition of \i A History of Magic,\i0  by Bathilda Bagshot, and another as belonging to a motorcycle maintenance manual. The third was handwritten and crumpled. He smoothed it out.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Dear Padfoot,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Thank you, thank you, for Harry\rquote s birthday present! It was his favorite by far. One year old and already zooming along on a toy broomstick, he looked so pleased with himself, I\rquote m enclosing a picture so you can see. You know it only rises about two feet off the ground, but he nearly killed the cat and he smashed a horrible vase Petunia sent me for Christmas (no complaints there). Of course, James thought it was so funny, says he\rquote s going to be a great Quidditch player, but we\rquote ve had to pack away all the ornaments and make sure we don\rquote t take our eyes off him when he gets going.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i We had a very quiet birthday tea, just us and old Bathilda, who has always been sweet to us and who dotes on Harry. We were so sorry you couldn\rquote t come, but the Order\rquote s got to come first, and Harry\rquote s not old enough to know it\rquote s his birthday anyway! James is getting a bit frustrated shut up here, he tries not to show it but I can tell \i0\emdash  \i also, Dumbledore\rquote s still got his Invisibility Cloak, so no chance of little excursions. If you could visit, it would cheer him up so much. Wormy was here last weekend, I thought he seemed down, but that was probably the news about the McKinnons; I cried all evening when I heard.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Bathilda drops in most days, she\rquote s a fascinating old thing with the most amazing stories about Dumbledore, I\rquote m not\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i sure he\rquote d be pleased if he knew! I don\rquote t know how much to believe, actually, because it seems incredible that Dumbledore\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s extremities seemed to have gone numb. He stood quite still, holding the miraculous paper in his nerveless fingers while inside him a kind of quiet eruption sent joy and grief thundering in equal measure through his veins. Lurching to the bed, he sat down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He read the letter again, but could not take in any more meaning than he had done the first time, and was reduced to staring at the handwriting itself. She had made her \ldblquote g\rdblquote s the same way he did: He searched through the letter for every one of them, and each felt like a friendly little wave glimpsed from behind a veil. The letter was an incredible treasure, proof that Lily Potter had lived, really lived, that her warm hand had once moved across this parchment, tracing ink into these letters, these words, words about him, Harry, her son.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Impatiently brushing away the wetness in his eyes, he reread the letter, this time concentrating on the meaning. It was like listening to a half-remembered voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had had a cat\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 perhaps it had perished, like his parents, at Godric\rquote s Hollow \'85 or else fled when there was nobody left to feed it. \'85 Sirius had bought him his first broomstick. \'85 His parents had known Bathilda Bagshot; had Dumbledore introduced them? \i Dumbledore\rquote s still got his Invisibility Cloak\i0  \i\'85 \i0 There was something funny there. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry paused, pondering his mother\rquote s words. Why had Dum\-bledore taken James\rquote s Invisibility Cloak? Harry distinctly remem\-bered his headmaster telling him years before, \ldblquote I don\rquote t need a cloak to become invisible.\rdblquote  Perhaps some less gifted Order member had\lang3081  \lang1033 needed its assistance, and Dumbledore had acted as carrier? Harry passed on. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Wormy was here\i0  \i\'85 \i0 Pettigrew, the traitor, had seemed \ldblquote down,\rdblquote  had he? Was he aware that he was seeing James and Lily alive for the last time?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And finally Bathilda again, who told incredible stories about Dumbledore. \i It seems incredible that Dumbledore\i0  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 That Dumbledore what? But there were any number of things that would seem incredible about Dumbledore; that he had once received bottom marks in a Transfiguration test, for instance, or had taken up goat-charming like Aberforth. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry got to his feet and scanned the floor: Perhaps the rest of the letter was here somewhere. He seized papers, treating them, in his eagerness, with as little consideration as the original searcher; he pulled open drawers, shook out books, stood on a chair to run his hand over the top of the wardrobe, and crawled under the bed and armchair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At last, lying facedown on the floor, he spotted what looked like a torn piece of paper under the chest of drawers. When he pulled it out, it proved to be most of the photograph Lily had described in her letter. A black-haired baby was zooming in and out of the pic\-ture on a tiny broom, roaring with laughter, and a pair of legs that must have belonged to James was chasing after him. Harry tucked the photograph into his pocket with Lily\rquote s letter and continued to look for the second sheet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After another quarter of an hour, however, he was forced to conclude that the rest of his mother\rquote s letter was gone. Had it sim\-ply been lost in the sixteen years that had elapsed since it had been written, or had it been taken by whoever had searched the\lang3081  \lang1033 room? Harry read the first sheet again, this time looking for clues as to what might have made the second sheet valuable. His toy broomstick could hardly be considered interesting to the Death Eaters. \'85 The only potentially useful thing he could see here was possible information on Dumbledore. \i It seems incredible that Dumbledore\i0  \emdash  what?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry? Harry! \i Harry\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m here!\rdblquote  he called. \ldblquote What\rquote s happened?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a clatter of footsteps outside the door, and Hermione burst inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We woke up and didn\rquote t know where you were!\rdblquote  she said breath\-lessly. She turned and shouted over her shoulder, \ldblquote Ron! I\rquote ve found him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s annoyed voice echoed distantly from several floors below.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good! Tell him from me he\rquote s a git!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, don\rquote t just disappear, please, we were terrified! Why did you come up here anyway?\rdblquote  She gazed around the ransacked room. \ldblquote What have you been doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look what I\rquote ve just found.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He held out his mother\rquote s letter. Hermione took it and read it while Harry watched her. When she reached the end of the page she looked up at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Harry \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And there\rquote s this too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He handed her the torn photograph, and Hermione smiled at the baby zooming in and out of sight on the toy broom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been looking for the rest of the letter,\rdblquote  Harry said, \ldblquote but it\rquote s not here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione glanced around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you make all this mess, or was some of it done when you got here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Someone had searched before me,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought so. Every room I looked into on the way up had been disturbed. What were they after, do you think?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Information on the Order, if it was Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you\rquote d think he\rquote d already have all he needed, I mean, he was \i in\i0  the Order, wasn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well then,\rdblquote  said Harry, keen to discuss his theory, \ldblquote what about information on Dumbledore? The second page of this letter, for instance. You know this Bathilda my mum mentions, you know who she is?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bathilda Bagshot, the author of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i A History of Magic,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking interested. \ldblquote So your parents knew her? She was an incredible magical historian.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And she\rquote s still alive,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote and she lives in Godric\rquote s Hol\-low, Ron\rquote s Auntie Muriel was talking about her at the wedding. She knew Dumbledore\rquote s family too. Be pretty interesting to talk to, wouldn\rquote t she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a little too much understanding in the smile Hermi\-one gave him for Harry\rquote s liking. He took back the letter and the photograph and tucked them inside the pouch around his neck, so as not to have to look at her and give himself away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I understand why you\rquote d love to talk to her about your mum and dad, and Dumbledore too,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote But that wouldn\rquote t re\-ally help us in our search for the Horcruxes, would it?\rdblquote  Harry did not answer, and she rushed on, \ldblquote Harry, I know you really want to go to Godric\rquote s Hollow, but I\rquote m scared, I\rquote m scared at how easily those\lang3081  \lang1033 Death Eaters found us yesterday. It just makes me feel more than ever that we ought to avoid the place where your parents are buried, I\rquote m sure they\rquote d be expecting you to visit it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not just that,\rdblquote  Harry said, still avoiding looking at her. \ldblquote Mur\-iel said stuff about Dumbledore at the wedding. I want to know the truth. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He told Hermione everything that Muriel had told him. When he had finished, Hermione said, \ldblquote Of course, I can see why that\rquote s upset you, Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not upset,\rdblquote  he lied, \ldblquote I\rquote d just like to know whether or not it\rquote s true or \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, do you really think you\rquote ll get the truth from a malicious old woman like Muriel, or from Rita Skeeter? How can you believe them? You knew Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought I did,\rdblquote  he muttered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you know how much truth there was in everything Rita wrote about you! Doge is right, how can you let these people tarnish your memories of Dumbledore?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked away, trying not to betray the resentment he felt. There it was again: Choose what to believe. He wanted the truth. Why was everybody so determined that he should not get it?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shall we go down to the kitchen?\rdblquote  Hermione suggested after a little pause. \ldblquote Find something for breakfast?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He agreed, but grudgingly, and followed her out onto the land\-ing and past the second door that led off it. There were deep scratch marks in the paintwork below a small sign that he had not noticed in the dark. He paused at the top of the stairs to read it. It was a pompous little sign, neatly lettered by hand, the sort of thing that Percy Weasley might have stuck on his bedroom door:\par
\par
\pard\qc\i Do\lang3081  Not Enter\par
\lang1033 Without\lang3081  the Express Permission of\par
\lang1033 Regulus\lang3081  \lang1033 Arcturus\lang3081  Black\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
Excitement trickled through Harry, but he was not immediately sure why. He read the sign again. Hermione was already a flight of stairs below him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  he said, and he was surprised that his voice was so calm. \ldblquote Come back up here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote R.A.B. I think I\rquote ve found him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a gasp, and then Hermione ran back up the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In your mum\rquote s letter? But I didn\rquote t see \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shook his head, pointing at Regulus\rquote s sign. She read it, then clutched Harry\rquote s arm so tightly that he winced.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius\rquote s brother?\rdblquote  she whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was a Death Eater,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote Sirius told me about him, he joined up when he was really young and then got cold feet and tried to leave \emdash  so they killed him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That fits!\rdblquote  gasped Hermione. \ldblquote If he was a Death Eater he had access to Voldemort, and if he became disenchanted, then he would have wanted to bring Voldemort down!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She released Harry, leaned over the banister, and screamed, \ldblquote Ron! RON! Get up here, quick!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron appeared, panting, a minute later, his wand ready in his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s up? If it\rquote s massive spiders again I want breakfast before I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He frowned at the sign on Regulus\rquote s door, to which Hermione was silently pointing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? That was Sirius\rquote s brother, wasn\rquote t it? Regulus Arcturus\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Regulus \'85 \i R.A.B.\i0 ! The locket \emdash  you don\rquote t reckon \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s find out,\rdblquote  said Harry. He pushed the door: It was locked. Hermione pointed her wand at the handle and said, \ldblquote\i Alohomora.\i0\rdblquote  There was a click, and the door swung open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They moved over the threshold together, gazing around. Regulus\rquote s bedroom was slightly smaller than Sirius\rquote s, though it had the same sense of former grandeur. Whereas Sirius had sought to advertise his difference from the rest of the family, Regulus had striven to emphasize the opposite. The Slytherin colors of emerald and silver were everywhere, draping the bed, the walls, and the windows. The Black family crest was painstakingly painted over the bed, along with its motto, TOUJOURS PUR. Beneath this was a collection of yellow newspaper cuttings, all stuck together to make a ragged col\-lage. Hermione crossed the room to examine them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re all about Voldemort,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Regulus seems to have been a fan for a few years before he joined the Death Eaters. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A little puff of dust rose from the bedcovers as she sat down to read the clippings. Harry, meanwhile, had noticed another photo\-graph; a Hogwarts Quidditch team was smiling and waving out of the frame. He moved closer and saw the snakes emblazoned on their chests: Slytherins. Regulus was instantly recognizable as the boy sitting in the middle of the front row: He had the same dark hair and slightly haughty look of his brother, though he was smaller, slighter, and rather less handsome than Sirius had been.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He played Seeker,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Hermione vaguely; she was still immersed in Vol\-demort\rquote s press clippings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s sitting in the middle of the front row, that\rquote s where the Seeker \'85 Never mind,\rdblquote  said Harry, realizing that nobody was listening: Ron was on his hands and knees, searching under the wardrobe. Harry looked around the room for likely hiding places and approached the desk. Yet again, somebody had searched before them. The drawers\rquote  contents had been turned over recently, the dust disturbed, but there was nothing of value there: old quills, out-of-date textbooks that bore evidence of being roughly handled, a recently smashed ink bottle, its sticky residue covering the contents of the drawer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s an easier way,\rdblquote  said Hermione, as Harry wiped his inky fingers on his jeans. She raised her wand and said, \ldblquote\i Accio Locket\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nothing happened. Ron, who had been searching the folds of the faded curtains, looked disappointed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is that it, then? It\rquote s not here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it could still be here, but under counter-enchantments,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Charms to prevent it being summoned magically, you know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like Voldemort put on the stone basin in the cave,\rdblquote  said Harry, re\-membering how he had been unable to Summon the fake locket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are we supposed to find it then?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We search manually,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s a good idea,\rdblquote  said Ron, rolling his eyes, and he resumed his examination of the curtains.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They combed every inch of the room for more than an hour, but were forced, finally, to conclude that the locket was not there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sun had risen now; its light dazzled them even through the grimy landing windows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It could be somewhere else in the house, though,\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one in a rallying tone as they walked back downstairs: As Harry and Ron had become more discouraged, she seemed to have become more determined. \ldblquote Whether he\rquote d managed to destroy it or not, he\rquote d want to keep it hidden from Voldemort, wouldn\rquote t he? Remember all those awful things we had to get rid of when we were here last time? That clock that shot bolts at everyone and those old robes that tried to strangle Ron; Regulus might have put them there to protect the locket\rquote s hiding place, even though we didn\rquote t realize it at \'85 at \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron looked at her. She was standing with one foot in midair, with the dumbstruck look of one who had just been Oblivi\-ated; her eyes had even drifted out of focus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 at the time,\rdblquote  she finished in a whisper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Something wrong?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There was a locket.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In the cabinet in the drawing room. Nobody could open it. And we \'85 we \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt as though a brick had slid down through his chest into his stomach. He remembered: He had even handled the thing as they passed it around, each trying in turn to prise it open. It had been tossed into a sack of rubbish, along with the snuffbox of Wart\-cap powder and the music box that had made everyone sleepy. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher nicked loads of things back from us,\rdblquote  said Harry. It was the only chance, the only slender hope left to them, and he was\lang3081  \lang1033 going to cling to it until forced to let go. \ldblquote He had a whole stash of stuff in his cupboard in the kitchen. C\rquote mon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He ran down the stairs taking two steps at a time, the other two thundering along in his wake. They made so much noise that they woke the portrait of Sirius\rquote s mother as they passed through the hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Filth\i0 ! \i Mudbloods\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033\i Scum\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 she screamed after them as they dashed down into the basement kitchen and slammed the door behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry ran the length of the room, skidded to a halt at the door of Kreacher\rquote s cupboard, and wrenched it open. There was the nest of dirty old blankets in which the house-elf had once slept, but they were no longer glittering with the trinkets Kreacher had sal\-vaged. The only thing there was an old copy of \i Nature\rquote s Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy.\i0  Refusing to believe his eyes, Harry snatched up the blankets and shook them. A dead mouse fell out and rolled dismally across the floor. Ron groaned as he threw himself into a kitchen chair; Hermione closed her eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not over yet,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he raised his voice and called, \ldblquote\i Kreacher\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a loud \i crack\i0  and the house-elf that Harry had so re\-luctantly inherited from Sirius appeared out of nowhere in front of the cold and empty fireplace: tiny, half human-sized, his pale skin hanging off him in folds, white hair sprouting copiously from his batlike ears. He was still wearing the filthy rag in which they had first met him, and the contemptuous look he bent upon Harry showed that his attitude to his change of ownership had altered no more than his outfit.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master,\rdblquote  croaked Kreacher in his bullfrog\rquote s voice, and he bowed\lang3081  \lang1033 low, muttering to his knees, \ldblquote back in my Mistress\rquote s old house with the blood-traitor Weasley and the Mudblood \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I forbid you to call anyone \lquote blood traitor\rquote  or \lquote Mudblood,\rquote  \rdblquote  growled Harry. He would have found Kreacher, with his snoutlike nose and bloodshot eyes, a distinctly unlovable object even if the elf had not betrayed Sirius to Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got a question for you,\rdblquote  said Harry, his heart beating rather fast as he looked down at the elf, \ldblquote and I order you to answer it truth\-fully. Understand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Master,\rdblquote  said Kreacher, bowing low again: Harry saw his lips moving soundlessly, undoubtedly framing the insults he was now forbidden to utter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Two years ago,\rdblquote  said Harry, his heart now hammering against his ribs, \ldblquote there was a big gold locket in the drawing room upstairs. We threw it out. Did you steal it back?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a moment\rquote s silence, during which Kreacher straight\-ened up to look Harry full in the face. Then he said, \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where is it now?\rdblquote  asked Harry jubilantly as Ron and Hermione looked gleeful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher closed his eyes as though he could not bear to see their reactions to his next word.\par
\ldblquote Gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gone?\rdblquote  echoed Harry, elation flooding out of him. \ldblquote What do you mean, it\rquote s gone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The elf shivered. He swayed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher,\rdblquote  said Harry fiercely, \ldblquote I order you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mundungus Fletcher,\rdblquote  croaked the elf, his eyes still tight shut. \ldblquote Mundungus Fletcher stole it all: Miss Bella\rquote s and Miss Cissy\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033 pictures, my Mistress\rquote s gloves, the Order of Merlin, First Class, the goblets with the family crest, and \emdash  and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher was gulping for air: His hollow chest was rising and falling rapidly, then his eyes flew open and he uttered a bloodcur\-dling scream.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  \i and the locket, Master Regulus\rquote s locket, Kreacher did wrong, Kreacher failed in his orders\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry reacted instinctively: As Kreacher lunged for the poker standing in the grate, he launched himself upon the elf, flatten\-ing him. Hermione\rquote s scream mingled with Kreacher\rquote s, but Harry bellowed louder than both of them: \ldblquote Kreacher, I order you to stay still!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt the elf freeze and released him. Kreacher lay flat on the cold stone floor, tears gushing from his sagging eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, let him up!\rdblquote  Hermione whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So he can beat himself up with the poker?\rdblquote  snorted Harry, kneel\-ing beside the elf. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think so. Right, Kreacher, I want the truth: How do you know Mundungus Fletcher stole the locket?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher saw him!\rdblquote  gasped the elf as tears poured over his snout and into his mouth full of graying teeth. \ldblquote Kreacher saw him com\-ing out of Kreacher\rquote s cupboard with his hands full of Kreacher\rquote s treasures. Kreacher told the sneak thief to stop, but Mundungus Fletcher laughed and r-ran. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You called the locket \lquote Master Regulus\rquote s,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Why? Where did it come from? What did Regulus have to do with it? Kreacher, sit up and tell me everything you know about that locket, and everything Regulus had to do with it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The elf sat up, curled into a ball, placed his wet face between his knees, and began to rock backward and forward. When he\lang3081  \lang1033 spoke, his voice was muffled but quite distinct in the silent, echo\-ing kitchen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master Sirius ran away, good riddance, for he was a bad boy and broke my Mistress\rquote s heart with his lawless ways. But Master Regu\-lus had proper pride; he knew what was due to the name of Black and the dignity of his pure blood. For years he talked of the Dark Lord, who was going to bring the wizards out of hiding to rule the Muggles and the Muggle-borns \'85 and when he was sixteen years old, Master Regulus joined the Dark Lord. So proud, so proud, so happy to serve \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And one day, a year after he had joined, Master Regulus came down to the kitchen to see Kreacher. Master Regulus always liked Kreacher. And Master Regulus said \'85 he said \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The old elf rocked faster than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 he said that the Dark Lord required an elf.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort needed an \i elf\i0 ?\rdblquote  Harry repeated, looking around at Ron and Hermione, who looked just as puzzled as he did.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  moaned Kreacher. \ldblquote And Master Regulus had volun\-teered Kreacher. It was an honor, said Master Regulus, an honor for him and for Kreacher, who must be sure to do whatever the Dark Lord ordered him to do \'85 and then to c-come home.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher rocked still faster, his breath coming in sobs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So Kreacher went to the Dark Lord. The Dark Lord did not tell Kreacher what they were to do, but took Kreacher with him to a cave beside the sea. And beyond the cave there was a cavern, and in the cavern was a great black lake \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The hairs on the back of Harry\rquote s neck stood up. Kreacher\rquote s croak\-ing voice seemed to come to him from across that dark water. He saw what had happened as clearly as though he had been present.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 There was a boat\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Of course there had been a boat; Harry knew the boat, ghostly green and tiny, bewitched so as to carry one wizard and one victim toward the island in the center. This, then, was how Voldemort had tested the defenses surrounding the Horcrux: by borrowing a disposable creature, a house-elf\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There was a b-basin full of potion on the island. The D-Dark Lord made Kreacher drink it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The elf quaked from head to foot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher drank, and as he drank, he saw terrible things. \'85 Kreacher\rquote s insides burned. \'85 Kreacher cried for Master Regulus to save him, he cried for his Mistress Black, but the Dark Lord only laughed. \'85 He made Kreacher drink all the potion. \'85 He dropped a locket into the empty basin. \'85 He filled it with more potion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then the Dark Lord sailed away, leaving Kreacher on the island. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could see it happening. He watched Voldemort\rquote s white, snakelike face vanishing into darkness, those red eyes fixed piti\-lessly on the thrashing elf whose death would occur within minutes, whenever he succumbed to the desperate thirst that the burning po\-tion caused its victim. \'85 But here, Harry\rquote s imagination could go no further, for he could not see how Kreacher had escaped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher needed water, he crawled to the island\rquote s edge and he drank from the black lake \'85 and hands, dead hands, came out of the water and dragged Kreacher under the surface. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you get away?\rdblquote  Harry asked, and he was not surprised to hear himself whispering.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher raised his ugly head and looked at Harry with his great, bloodshot eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master Regulus told Kreacher to come back,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know \emdash  but how did you escape the Inferi?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher did not seem to understand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master Regulus told Kreacher to come back,\rdblquote  he repeated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s obvious, isn\rquote t it, Harry?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote He Disappa\-rated!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \'85 you couldn\rquote t Apparate in and out of that cave,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote otherwise Dumbledore \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Elf magic isn\rquote t like wizard\rquote s magic, is it?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I mean, they can Apparate and Disapparate in and out of Hogwarts when we can\rquote t.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence as Harry digested this. How could Voldemort have made such a mistake? But even as he thought this, Hermione spoke, and her voice was icy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, Voldemort would have considered the ways of house-elves far beneath his notice, just like all the purebloods who treat them like animals. \'85 It would never have occurred to him that they might have magic that he didn\rquote t.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The house-elf\rquote s highest law is his Master\rquote s bidding,\rdblquote  intoned Kreacher. \ldblquote Kreacher was told to come home, so Kreacher came home. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, then, you did what you were told, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Her\-mione kindly. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t disobey orders at all!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher shook his head, rocking as fast as ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what happened when you got back?\rdblquote  Harry asked. \ldblquote What did Regulus say when you told him what had happened?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master Regulus was very worried, very worried,\rdblquote  croaked Kreacher. \ldblquote Master Regulus told Kreacher to stay hidden and not to\lang3081  \lang1033 leave the house. And then \'85 it was a little while later \'85 Master Regulus came to find Kreacher in his cupboard one night, and Mas\-ter Regulus was strange, not as he usually was, disturbed in his mind, Kreacher could tell\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and he asked Kreacher to take him to the cave, the cave where Kreacher had gone with the Dark Lord. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And so they had set off. Harry could visualize them quite clearly, the frightened old elf and the thin, dark Seeker who had so resem\-bled Sirius. \'85 Kreacher knew how to open the concealed entrance to the underground cavern, knew how to raise the tiny boat; this time it was his beloved Regulus who sailed with him to the island with its basin of poison. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And he made you drink the potion?\rdblquote  said Harry, disgusted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Kreacher shook his head and wept. Hermione\rquote s hands leapt to her mouth: She seemed to have understood something.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote M-Master Regulus took from his pocket a locket like the one the Dark Lord had,\rdblquote  said Kreacher, tears pouring down either side of his snoutlike nose. \ldblquote And he told Kreacher to take it and, when the basin was empty, to switch the lockets. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher\rquote s sobs came in great rasps now; Harry had to concen\-trate hard to understand him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And he ordered \emdash  Kreacher to leave \emdash  without him. And he told Kreacher \emdash  to go home \emdash  and never to tell my Mistress \emdash  what he had done \emdash  but to destroy \emdash  the first locket. And he drank \emdash  all the potion \emdash  and Kreacher swapped the lockets \emdash  and watched \'85 as Master Regulus \'85 was dragged beneath the water \'85 and \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Kreacher!\rdblquote  wailed Hermione, who was crying. She dropped to her knees beside the elf and tried to hug him. At once he was on his feet, cringing away from her, quite obviously repulsed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Mudblood touched Kreacher, he will not allow it, what would his Mistress say?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told you not to call her \lquote Mudblood\rquote !\rdblquote  snarled Harry, but the elf was already punishing himself: He fell to the ground and banged his forehead on the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop him \emdash  stop him!\rdblquote  Hermione cried. \ldblquote Oh, don\rquote t you see now how sick it is, the way they\rquote ve got to obey?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher \emdash  stop, stop!\rdblquote  shouted Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The elf lay on the floor, panting and shivering, green mucus glis\-tening around his snout, a bruise already blooming on his pallid forehead where he had struck himself, his eyes swollen and blood\-shot and swimming in tears. Harry had never seen anything so pitiful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you brought the locket home,\rdblquote  he said relentlessly, for he was determined to know the full story. \ldblquote And you tried to destroy it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing Kreacher did made any mark upon it,\rdblquote  moaned the elf. \ldblquote Kreacher tried everything, everything he knew, but nothing, nothing would work. \'85 So many powerful spells upon the casing, Kreacher was sure the way to destroy it was to get inside it, but it would not open. \'85 Kreacher punished himself, he tried again, he punished himself, he tried again. Kreacher failed to obey orders, Kreacher could not destroy the locket! And his Mistress was mad with grief, because Master Regulus had disappeared, and Kreacher could not tell her what had happened, no, because Master Regulus had f-f-forbidden him to tell any of the f-f-family what happened in the c-cave. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher began to sob so hard that there were no more coher\-ent words. Tears flowed down Hermione\rquote s cheeks as she watched Kreacher, but she did not dare touch him again. Even Ron, who was\lang3081  \lang1033 no fan of Kreacher\rquote s, looked troubled. Harry sat back on his heels and shook his head, trying to clear it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t understand you, Kreacher,\rdblquote  he said finally. \ldblquote Voldemort tried to kill you, Regulus died to bring Voldemort down, but you were still happy to betray Sirius to Voldemort? You were happy to go to Narcissa and Bellatrix, and pass information to Voldemort through them. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, Kreacher doesn\rquote t think like that,\rdblquote  said Hermione, wip\-ing her eyes on the back of her hand. \ldblquote He\rquote s a slave; house-elves are used to bad, even brutal treatment; what Voldemort did to Kreacher wasn\rquote t that far out of the common way. What do wizard wars mean to an elf like Kreacher? He\rquote s loyal to people who are kind to him, and Mrs. Black must have been, and Regulus certainly was, so he served them willingly and parroted their beliefs. I know what you\rquote re going to say,\rdblquote  she went on as Harry began to protest, \ldblquote that Regulus changed his mind \'85 but he doesn\rquote t seem to have explained that to Kreacher, does he? And I think I know why. Kreacher and Regulus\rquote s family were all safer if they kept to the old pure-blood line. Regulus was trying to protect them all.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sirius \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius was horrible to Kreacher, Harry, and it\rquote s no good looking like that, you know it\rquote s true. Kreacher had been alone for a long time when Sirius came to live here, and he was probably starving for a bit of affection. I\rquote m sure \lquote Miss Cissy\rquote  and \lquote Miss Bella\rquote  were perfectly lovely to Kreacher when he turned up, so he did them a favor and told them everything they wanted to know. I\rquote ve said all along that wizards would pay for how they treat house-elves. Well, Voldemort did \'85 and so did Sirius.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had no retort. As he watched Kreacher sobbing on the\lang3081  \lang1033 floor, he remembered what Dumbledore had said to him, mere hours after Sirius\rquote s death: \i I do not think Sirius ever saw Kreacher as a being with feelings as acute as a human\rquote s. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher,\rdblquote  said Harry after a while, \ldblquote when you feel up to it, er \'85 please sit up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was several minutes before Kreacher hiccuped himself into si\-lence. Then he pushed himself into a sitting position again, rubbing his knuckles into his eyes like a small child.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher, I am going to ask you to do something,\rdblquote  said Harry. He glanced at Hermione for assistance. He wanted to give the order kindly, but at the same time, he could not pretend that it was not an order. However, the change in his tone seemed to have gained her approval: She smiled encouragingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher, I want you, please, to go and find Mundungus Fletcher. We need to find out where the locket \emdash  where Master Regulus\rquote s locket is. It\rquote s really important. We want to finish the work Master Regulus started, we want to \emdash  er \emdash  ensure that he didn\rquote t die in vain.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher dropped his fists and looked up at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Find Mundungus Fletcher?\rdblquote  he croaked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And bring him here, to Grimmauld Place,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Do you think you could do that for us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Kreacher nodded and got to his feet, Harry had a sudden inspiration. He pulled out Hagrid\rquote s purse and took out the fake Horcrux, the substitute locket in which Regulus had placed the note to Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher, I\rquote d, er, like you to have this,\rdblquote  he said, pressing the locket into the elf\rquote s hand. \ldblquote This belonged to Regulus and I\rquote m sure he\rquote d want you to have it as a token of gratitude for what you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Overkill, mate,\rdblquote  said Ron as the elf took one look at the locket, let out a howl of shock and misery, and threw himself back onto the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It took them nearly half an hour to calm down Kreacher, who was so overcome to be presented with a Black family heirloom for his very own that he was too weak at the knees to stand properly. When finally he was able to totter a few steps they all accompanied him to his cupboard, watched him tuck up the locket safely in his dirty blankets, and assured him that they would make its protec\-tion their first priority while he was away. He then made two low bows to Harry and Ron, and even gave a funny little spasm in Her\-mione\rquote s direction that might have been an attempt at a respectful salute, before Disapparating with the usual loud \i crack.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 11\par
\pard\qc The Bribe\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
If Kreacher could escape a lake full of Inferi, Harry was confident that the capture of Mundungus would take a few hours at most, and he prowled the house all morning in a state of high anticipation. However, Kreacher did not return that morning or even that after\-noon. By nightfall, Harry felt discouraged and anxious, and a supper composed largely of moldy bread, upon which Hermione had tried a variety of unsuccessful Transfigurations, did nothing to help.\par
Kreacher did not return the following day, nor the day after that. However, two cloaked men had appeared in the square outside num\-ber twelve, and they remained there into the night, gazing in the direction of the house that they could not see.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Death Eaters, for sure,\rdblquote  said Ron, as he, Harry, and Hermione watched from the drawing room windows. \ldblquote Reckon they know we\rquote re in here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so,\rdblquote  said Hermione, though she looked frightened, \ldblquote or they\rquote d have sent Snape in after us, wouldn\rquote t they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you reckon he\rquote s been in here and had his tongue tied by Moody\rquote s curse?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote otherwise he\rquote d have been able to tell that lot how to get in, wouldn\rquote t he? But they\rquote re probably watching to see whether we turn up. They know that Harry owns the house, after all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do they \emdash  ?\rdblquote  began Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wizarding wills are examined by the Ministry, remember? They\rquote ll know Sirius left you the place.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The presence of the Death Eaters outside increased the ominous mood inside number twelve. They had not heard a word from any\-one beyond Grimmauld Place since Mr. Weasley\rquote s Patronus, and the strain was starting to tell. Restless and irritable, Ron had developed an annoying habit of playing with the Deluminator in his pocket: This particularly infuriated Hermione, who was whiling away the wait for Kreacher by studying \i The Tales of\lang3081  \lang1033 Beedle the Bard\i0  and did not appreciate the way the lights kept flashing on and off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Will you stop it!\rdblquote  she cried on the third evening of Kreacher\rquote s absence, as all light was sucked from the drawing room yet again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry, sorry!\rdblquote  said Ron, clicking the Deluminator and restoring the lights. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know I\rquote m doing it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, can\rquote t you find something useful to occupy yourself?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What, like reading kids\rquote  stories?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore left me this book, Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and he left me the Deluminator, maybe I\rquote m supposed to use it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Unable to stand the bickering, Harry slipped out of the room unnoticed by either of them. He headed downstairs toward the kitchen, which he kept visiting because he was sure that was where\lang3081  \lang1033 Kreacher was most likely to reappear. Halfway down the flight of stairs into the hall, however, he heard a tap on the front door, then metallic clicks and the grinding of the chain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Every nerve in his body seemed to tauten: He pulled out his wand, moved into the shadows beside the decapitated elf heads, and waited. The door opened: He saw a glimpse of the lamplit square outside, and a cloaked figure edged into the hall and closed the door behind it. The intruder took a step forward, and Moody\rquote s voice asked, \ldblquote\i Severus Snape\i0 ?\rdblquote  Then the dust figure rose from the end of the hall and rushed him, raising its dead hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was not I who killed you, Albus,\rdblquote  said a quiet voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The jinx broke: The dust-figure exploded again, and it was im\-possible to make out the newcomer through the dense gray cloud it left behind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pointed his wand into the middle of it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t move!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had forgotten the portrait of Mrs. Black: At the sound of his yell, the curtains hiding her flew open and she began to scream, \ldblquote\i Mudbloods and filth dishonoring my house\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione came crashing down the stairs behind Harry, wands pointing, like his, at the unknown man now standing with his arms raised in the hall below.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hold your fire, it\rquote s me, Remus!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, thank goodness,\rdblquote  said Hermione weakly, pointing her wand at Mrs. Black instead; with a bang, the curtains swished shut again and silence fell. Ron too lowered his wand, but Harry did not.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Show yourself!\rdblquote  he called back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin moved forward into the lamplight, hands still held high in a gesture of surrender.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am Remus John Lupin, werewolf, sometimes known as Moony, one of the four creators of the Marauder\rquote s Map, married to Nympha\-dora, usually known as Tonks, and I taught you how to produce a Patronus, Harry, which takes the form of a stag.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, all right,\rdblquote  said Harry, lowering his wand, \ldblquote but I had to check, didn\rquote t I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Speaking as your ex-Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, I quite agree that you had to check. Ron, Hermione, you shouldn\rquote t be quite so quick to lower your defenses.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They ran down the stairs toward him. Wrapped in a thick black traveling cloak, he looked exhausted, but pleased to see them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No sign of Severus, then?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote What\rquote s going on? Is everyone okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Lupin, \ldblquote but we\rquote re all being watched. There are a couple of Death Eaters in the square outside \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We know \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had to Apparate very precisely onto the top step outside the front door to be sure that they would not see me. They can\rquote t know you\rquote re in here or I\rquote m sure they\rquote d have more people out there; they\rquote re staking out everywhere that\rquote s got any connection with you, Harry. Let\rquote s go downstairs, there\rquote s a lot to tell you, and I want to know what happened after you left the Burrow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They descended into the kitchen, where Hermione pointed her wand at the grate. A fire sprang up instantly: It gave the illusion of coziness to the stark stone walls and glistened off the long wooden table. Lupin pulled a few butterbeers from beneath his traveling cloak and they sat down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d have been here three days ago but I needed to shake off the\lang3081  \lang1033 Death Eater tailing me,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote So, you came straight here after the wedding?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote only after we ran into a couple of Death Eaters in a caf\'e9 on Tottenham Court Road.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin slopped most of his butterbeer down his front.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They explained what had happened; when they had finished, Lupin looked aghast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how did they find you so quickly? It\rquote s impossible to track anyone who Apparates, unless you grab hold of them as they disappear!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And it doesn\rquote t seem likely they were just strolling down Totten\-ham Court Road at the time, does it?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We wondered,\rdblquote  said Hermione tentatively, \ldblquote whether Harry could still have the Trace on him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Impossible,\rdblquote  said Lupin. Ron looked smug, and Harry felt hugely relieved. \ldblquote Apart from anything else, they\rquote d know for sure Harry was here if he still had the Trace on him, wouldn\rquote t they? But I can\rquote t see how they could have tracked you to Tottenham Court Road, that\rquote s worrying, really worrying.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked disturbed, but as far as Harry was concerned, that question could wait.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell us what happened after we left, we haven\rquote t heard a thing since Ron\rquote s dad told us the family were safe.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Kingsley saved us,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Thanks to his warning most of the wedding guests were able to Disapparate before they arrived.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Were they Death Eaters or Ministry people?\rdblquote  interjected Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A mixture; but to all intents and purposes they\rquote re the same thing now,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote There were about a dozen of them, but they didn\rquote t know you were there, Harry. Arthur heard a rumor that they tried to torture your whereabouts out of Scrimgeour before they killed him; if it\rquote s true, he didn\rquote t give you away.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at Ron and Hermione; their expressions reflected the mingled shock and gratitude he felt. He had never liked Scrim\-geour much, but if what Lupin said was true, the man\rquote s final act had been to try to protect Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Death Eaters searched the Burrow from top to bottom,\rdblquote  Lu\-pin went on. \ldblquote They found the ghoul, but didn\rquote t want to get too close \emdash  and then they interrogated those of us who remained for hours. They were trying to get information on you, Harry, but of course nobody apart from the Order knew that you had been there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At the same time that they were smashing up the wedding, more Death Eaters were forcing their way into every Order-connected house in the country. No deaths,\rdblquote  he added quickly, forestalling the question, \ldblquote but they were rough. They burned down Dedalus Diggle\rquote s house, but as you know he wasn\rquote t there, and they used the Cruciatus Curse on Tonks\rquote s family. Again, trying to find out where you went after you visited them. They\rquote re all right \emdash  shaken, obvi\-ously, but otherwise okay.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Death Eaters got through all those protective charms?\rdblquote  Harry asked, remembering how effective these had been on the night he had crashed in Tonks\rquote s parents\rquote  garden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What you\rquote ve got to realize, Harry, is that the Death Eaters have got the full might of the Ministry on their side now,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote They\rquote ve got the power to perform brutal spells without fear of\lang3081  \lang1033 identification or arrest. They managed to penetrate every defensive spell we\rquote d cast against them, and once inside, they were completely open about why they\rquote d come.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And are they bothering to give an excuse for torturing Harry\rquote s whereabouts out of people?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, an edge to her voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Lupin. He hesitated, then pulled out a folded copy of the \i Daily Prophet.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  he said, pushing it across the table to Harry, \ldblquote you\rquote ll know sooner or later anyway. That\rquote s their pretext for going after you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry smoothed out the paper. A huge photograph of his own face filled the front page. He read the headline over it:\par
\par
\pard\qc WANTED FOR QUESTIONING ABOUT\par
THE DEATH OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
Ron and Hermione gave roars of outrage, but Harry said noth\-ing. He pushed the newspaper away; he did not want to read any more: He knew what it would say. Nobody but those who had been on top of the tower when Dumbledore died knew who had really killed him and, as Rita Skeeter had already told the Wizarding world, Harry had been seen running from the place moments after Dumbledore had fallen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, Harry,\rdblquote  Lupin said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So Death Eaters have taken over the \i Daily Prophet\i0  too?\rdblquote  asked Hermione furiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But surely people realize what\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The coup has been smooth and virtually silent,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote The official version of Scrimgeour\rquote s murder is that he resigned; he has been replaced by Pius Thicknesse, who is under the Imperius Curse.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why didn\rquote t Voldemort declare himself Minister of Magic?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He doesn\rquote t need to, Ron. Effectively he \i is\i0  the Minister, but why should he sit behind a desk at the Ministry? His puppet, Thicknesse, is taking care of everyday business, leaving Voldemort free to extend his power beyond the Ministry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Naturally many people have deduced what has happened: There has been such a dramatic change in Ministry policy in the last few days, and many are whispering that Voldemort must be behind it. However, that is the point: They whisper. They daren\rquote t confide in each other, not knowing whom to trust; they are scared to speak out, in case their suspicions are true and their families are targeted. Yes, Voldemort is playing a very clever game. Declaring himself might have provoked open rebellion: Remaining masked has cre\-ated confusion, uncertainty, and fear.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And this dramatic change in Ministry policy,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote involves warning the Wizarding world against me instead of Voldemort?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s certainly part of it,\rdblquote  said Lupin, \ldblquote and it is a masterstroke. Now that Dumbledore is dead, you \emdash  the Boy Who Lived \emdash  were sure to be the symbol and rallying point for any resistance to Volde\-mort. But by suggesting that you had a hand in the old hero\rquote s death, Voldemort has not only set a price upon your head, but sown doubt and fear amongst many who would have defended you.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Meanwhile, the Ministry has started moving against Muggle-borns.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin pointed at the \i Daily Prophet.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at page two.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione turned the pages with much the same expression of distaste she had worn when handling \i Secrets of the Darkest Art.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Muggle-born Register,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\i  \i0 she read aloud. \ldblquote  \lquote\i The Ministry of Magic is undertaking a survey of so-called \i0\ldblquote\i Muggle-borns,\i0\rdblquote  \i the better to un\-derstand how they came to possess magical secrets\i0 .\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Recent research undertaken by the Department of Mysteries reveals that magic can only be passed from person to person when Wizards reproduce. Where no proven Wizarding ancestry exists, therefore, the so-called Muggle-born is likely to have obtained magical power by theft or force.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i The Ministry is determined to root out such usurpers of magi\-cal power, and to this end has issued an invitation to every so-called Muggle-born to present themselves for interview by the newly appointed Muggle-born Registration Commission.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote People won\rquote t let this happen,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It \i is\i0  happening, Ron,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Muggle-borns are being rounded up as we speak.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how are they supposed to have \lquote stolen\rquote  magic?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s mental, if you could steal magic there wouldn\rquote t be any Squibs, would there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Nevertheless, unless you can prove that you have at least one close Wizarding relative, you are now deemed to have obtained your magical power illegally and must suffer the punishment.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron glanced at Hermione, then said, \ldblquote What if purebloods and half-bloods swear a Muggle-born\rquote s part of their family? I\rquote ll tell ev\-eryone Hermione\rquote s my cousin \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione covered Ron\rquote s hand with hers and squeezed it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Ron, but I couldn\rquote t let you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You won\rquote t have a choice,\rdblquote  said Ron fiercely, gripping her hand back. \ldblquote I\rquote ll teach you my family tree so you can answer questions on it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione gave a shaky laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, as we\rquote re on the run with Harry Potter, the most wanted person in the country, I don\rquote t think it matters. If I was going back to school it would be different. What\rquote s Voldemort planning for Hogwarts?\rdblquote  she asked Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Attendance is now compulsory for every young witch and wiz\-ard,\rdblquote  he replied. \ldblquote That was announced yesterday. It\rquote s a change, be\-cause it was never obligatory before. Of course, nearly every witch and wizard in Britain has been educated at Hogwarts, but their parents had the right to teach them at home or send them abroad if they preferred. This way, Voldemort will have the whole Wizarding population under his eye from a young age. And it\rquote s also another way of weeding out Muggle-borns, because students must be given Blood Status \emdash  meaning that they have proven to the Ministry that they are of Wizard descent \emdash  before they are allowed to attend.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt sickened and angry: At this moment, excited eleven-year-olds would be poring over stacks of newly purchased spell-books, unaware that they would never see Hogwarts, perhaps never see their families again either.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s \'85 it\rquote s \'85\rdblquote  he muttered, struggling to find words that did justice to the horror of his thoughts, but Lupin said quietly,\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin hesitated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll understand if you can\rquote t confirm this, Harry, but the Order is under the impression that Dumbledore left you a mission.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He did,\rdblquote  Harry replied, \ldblquote and Ron and Hermione are in on it and they\rquote re coming with me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you confide in me what the mission is?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked into the prematurely lined face, framed in thick but graying hair, and wished that he could return a different answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t, Remus, I\rquote m sorry. If Dumbledore didn\rquote t tell you I don\rquote t think I can.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you\rquote d say that,\rdblquote  said Lupin, looking disappointed. \ldblquote But I might still be of some use to you. You know what I am and what I can do. I could come with you to provide protection. There would be no need to tell me exactly what you were up to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hesitated. It was a very tempting offer, though how they would be able to keep their mission secret from Lupin if he were with them all the time he could not imagine.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione, however, looked puzzled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what about Tonks?\rdblquote  she asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about her?\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Hermione, frowning, \ldblquote you\rquote re married! How does she feel about you going away with us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tonks will be perfectly safe,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote She\rquote ll be at her par\-ents\rquote  house.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was something strange in Lupin\rquote s tone; it was almost cold. There was also something odd in the idea of Tonks remaining hid\-den at her parents\rquote  house; she was, after all, a member of the Order and, as far as Harry knew, was likely to want to be in the thick of the action.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remus,\rdblquote  said Hermione tentatively, \ldblquote is everything all right\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 you know \'85 between you and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everything is fine, thank you,\rdblquote  said Lupin pointedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione turned pink. There was another pause, an awkward and embarrassed one, and then Lupin said, with an air of forcing himself to admit something unpleasant, \ldblquote Tonks is going to have a baby.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, how wonderful!\rdblquote  squealed Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent!\rdblquote  said Ron enthusiastically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Congratulations,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin gave an artificial smile that was more like a grimace, then said, \ldblquote So \'85 do you accept my offer? Will three become four? I cannot believe that Dumbledore would have disapproved, he ap\-pointed me your Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, after all. And I must tell you that I believe that we are facing magic many of us have never encountered or imagined.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione both looked at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just \emdash  just to be clear,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote You want to leave Tonks at her parents\rquote  house and come away with us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote ll be perfectly safe there, they\rquote ll look after her,\rdblquote  said Lupin. He spoke with a finality bordering on indifference. \ldblquote Harry, I\rquote m sure James would have wanted me to stick with you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly, \ldblquote I\rquote m not. I\rquote m pretty sure my father would have wanted to know why you aren\rquote t sticking with your own kid, actually.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin\rquote s face drained of color. The temperature in the kitchen might have dropped ten degrees. Ron stared around the room as though he had been bidden to memorize it, while Hermione\rquote s eyes swiveled backward and forward from Harry to Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t understand,\rdblquote  said Lupin at last.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Explain, then,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin swallowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I made a grave mistake in marrying Tonks. I did it against my better judgment and I have regretted it very much ever since.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote so you\rquote re just going to dump her and the kid and run off with us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin sprang to his feet: His chair toppled over backward, and he glared at them so fiercely that Harry saw, for the first time ever, the shadow of the wolf upon his human face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you understand what I\rquote ve done to my wife and my unborn child? I should never have married her, I\rquote ve made her an outcast!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin kicked aside the chair he had overturned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have only ever seen me amongst the Order, or under Dum\-bledore\rquote s protection at Hogwarts! You don\rquote t know how most of the Wizarding world sees creatures like me! When they know of my affliction, they can barely talk to me! Don\rquote t you see what I\rquote ve done? Even her own family is disgusted by our marriage, what parents want their only daughter to marry a werewolf? And the child \emdash  the child\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin actually seized handfuls of his own hair; he looked quite deranged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My kind don\rquote t usually breed! It will be like me, I am convinced of it \emdash  how can I forgive myself, when I knowingly risked passing on my own condition to an innocent child? And if, by some miracle, it is not like me, then it will be better off, a hundred times so, with\-out a father of whom it must always be ashamed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remus!\rdblquote  whispered Hermione, tears in her eyes. \ldblquote Don\rquote t say that \emdash  how could any child be ashamed of you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I don\rquote t know, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote d be pretty ashamed of him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not know where his rage was coming from, but it had propelled him to his feet too. Lupin looked as though Harry had hit him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If the new regime thinks Muggle-borns are bad,\rdblquote  Harry said, \ldblquote what will they do to a half-werewolf whose father\rquote s in the Order? My father died trying to protect my mother and me, and you reckon he\rquote d tell you to abandon your kid to go on an adventure with us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How \emdash  how dare you?\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote This is not about a desire for \emdash  for danger or personal glory \emdash  how dare you suggest such a \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think you\rquote re feeling a bit of a daredevil,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote You fancy stepping into Sirius\rquote s shoes \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, no!\rdblquote  Hermione begged him, but he continued to glare into Lupin\rquote s livid face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d never have believed this,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote The man who taught me to fight dementors \emdash  a coward.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin drew his wand so fast that Harry had barely reached for his own; there was a loud bang and he felt himself flying backward as if punched; as he slammed into the kitchen wall and slid to the floor, he glimpsed the tail of Lupin\rquote s cloak disappearing around the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remus, Remus, come back!\rdblquote  Hermione cried, but Lupin did not respond. A moment later they heard the front door slam.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  wailed Hermione. \ldblquote How could you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was easy,\rdblquote  said Harry. He stood up; he could feel a lump swell\-ing where his head had hit the wall. He was still so full of anger he was shaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t look at me like that!\rdblquote  he snapped at Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you start on her!\rdblquote  snarled Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  no \emdash  we mustn\rquote t fight!\rdblquote  said Hermione, launching her\-self between them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You shouldn\rquote t have said that stuff to Lupin,\rdblquote  Ron told Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He had it coming to him,\rdblquote  said Harry. Broken images were rac\-ing each other through his mind: Sirius falling through the veil; Dumbledore suspended, broken, in midair; a flash of green light and his mother\rquote s voice, begging for mercy \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Parents,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote shouldn\rquote t leave their kids unless \emdash  unless they\rquote ve got to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash\rdblquote  said Hermione, stretching out a consoling hand, but he shrugged it off and walked away, his eyes on the fire Hermione had conjured. He had once spoken to Lupin out of that fireplace, seeking reassurance about James, and Lupin had consoled him. Now Lupin\rquote s tortured white face seemed to swim in the air before him. He felt a sickening surge of remorse. Neither Ron nor Hermi\-one spoke, but Harry felt sure that they were looking at each other behind his back, communicating silently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned around and caught them turning hurriedly away from each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know I shouldn\rquote t have called him a coward.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, you shouldn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Ron at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he\rquote s acting like one.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All the same \'85\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But if it makes him go back to Tonks, it\rquote ll be worth it, won\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not keep the plea out of his voice. Hermione looked sympathetic, Ron uncertain. Harry looked down at his feet, thinking\lang3081  \lang1033 of his father. Would James have backed Harry in what he had said to Lupin, or would he have been angry at how his son had treated his old friend?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The silent kitchen seemed to hum with the shock of the recent scene and with Ron and Hermione\rquote s unspoken reproaches. The \i Daily Prophet\i0  Lupin had brought was still lying on the table, Harry\rquote s own face staring up at the ceiling from the front page. He walked over to it and sat down, opened the paper at random, and pretended to read. He could not take in the words; his mind was still too full of the encounter with Lupin. He was sure that Ron and Hermione had resumed their silent communications on the other side of the \i Prophet.\i0  He turned a page loudly, and Dumbledore\rquote s name leapt out at him. It was a moment or two before he took in the meaning of the photograph, which showed a family group. Beneath the photograph were the words: \i The Dumbledore family, left to right: Albus; Percival, holding newborn Ariana; Kendra; and Aberforth.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 His attention caught, Harry examined the picture more care\-fully. Dumbledore\rquote s father, Percival, was a good-looking man with eyes that seemed to twinkle even in this faded old photograph. The baby, Ariana, was little longer than a loaf of bread and no more distinctive-looking. The mother, Kendra, had jet-black hair pulled into a high bun. Her face had a carved quality about it. Harry thought of photos of Native Americans he\rquote d seen as he studied her dark eyes, high cheekbones, and straight nose, formally composed above a high-necked silk gown. Albus and Aberforth wore matching lacy collared jackets and had identical, shoulder-length hairstyles. Albus looked several years older, but otherwise the two boys looked very alike, for this was before Albus\rquote s nose had been broken and before he started wearing glasses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The family looked quite happy and normal, smiling serenely up out of the newspaper. Baby Ariana\rquote s arm waved vaguely out of her shawl. Harry looked above the picture and saw the headline:\par
\par
\pard\qc EXCLUSIVE EXTRACT FROM THE UPCOMING\par
BIOGRAPHY OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE\lang3081\par
\lang1033 by Rita Skeeter\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
Thinking that it could hardly make him feel any worse than he already did, Harry began to read:\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Proud and haughty, Kendra Dumbledore could not bear to remain in Mould-on-the-Wold after her hus\-band Percival\rquote s well-publicized arrest and imprison\-ment in Azkaban. She therefore decided to uproot the family and relocate to Godric\rquote s Hollow, the vil\-lage that was later to gain fame as the scene of Harry Potter\rquote s strange escape from You-Know-Who.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Like Mould-on-the-Wold, Godric\rquote s Hollow was home to a number of Wizarding families, but as Kendra knew none of them, she would be spared the curiosity about her husband\rquote s crime she had faced in her former village. By repeatedly rebuffing the friendly advances of her new Wizarding neigh\-bors, she soon ensured that her family was left well alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Slammed the door in my face when I went around to welcome her with a batch of homemade Cauldron Cakes,\rdblquote  says Bathilda Bagshot. \ldblquote The first\lang3081  \lang1033 year they were there I only ever saw the two boys. Wouldn\rquote t have known there was a daughter if I hadn\rquote t been picking Plangentines by moonlight the winter after they moved in, and saw Kendra leading Ariana out into the back garden. Walked her round the lawn once, keeping a firm grip on her, then took her back inside. Didn\rquote t know what to make of it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It seems that Kendra thought the move to God\-ric\rquote s Hollow was the perfect opportunity to hide Ariana once and for all, something she had probably been planning for years. The timing was significant. Ariana was barely seven years old when she vanished from sight, and seven is the age by which most ex\-perts agree that magic will have revealed itself, if present. Nobody now alive remembers Ariana ever demonstrating even the slightest sign of magical ability. It seems clear, therefore, that Kendra made a decision to hide her daughter\rquote s existence rather than suffer the shame of admitting that she had pro\-duced a Squib. Moving away from the friends and neighbors who knew Ariana would, of course, make imprisoning her all the easier. The tiny number of people who henceforth knew of Ariana\rquote s existence could be counted upon to keep the secret, including her two brothers, who deflected awkward questions with the answer their mother had taught them: \ldblquote My sister is too frail for school.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Next week: Albus Dumbledore at Hogwarts \i0\emdash  \i the Prizes and the Pretense.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\par
Harry had been wrong: What he had read had indeed made him feel worse. He looked back at the photograph of the apparently happy family. Was it true? How could he find out? He wanted to go to Godric\rquote s Hollow, even if Bathilda was in no fit state to talk to him; he wanted to visit the place where he and Dumbledore had both lost loved ones. He was in the process of lowering the newspa\-per, to ask Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s opinions, when a deafening \i crack \i0 echoed around the kitchen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For the first time in three days Harry had forgotten all about Kreacher. His immediate thought was that Lupin had burst back into the room, and for a split second, he did not take in the mass of struggling limbs that had appeared out of thin air right beside his chair. He hurried to his feet as Kreacher disentangled himself and, bowing low to Harry, croaked, \ldblquote Kreacher has returned with the thief Mundungus Fletcher, Master.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mundungus scrambled up and pulled out his wand; Hermione, however, was too quick for him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mundungus\rquote s wand soared into the air, and Hermione caught it. Wild-eyed, Mundungus dived for the stairs: Ron rugby-tackled him and Mundungus hit the stone floor with a muffled crunch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  he bellowed, writhing in his attempts to free himself from Ron\rquote s grip. \ldblquote Wha\rquote ve I done? Setting a bleedin\rquote  \rquote ouse-elf on me, what are you playing at, wha\rquote ve I done, lemme go, lemme go, or \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not in much of a position to make threats,\rdblquote  said Harry. He threw aside the newspaper, crossed the kitchen in a few strides, and dropped to his knees beside Mundungus, who stopped struggling and looked terrified. Ron got up, panting, and watched as Harry\lang3081  \lang1033 pointed his wand deliberately at Mundungus\rquote s nose. Mundungus stank of stale sweat and tobacco smoke: His hair was matted and his robes stained.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher apologizes for the delay in bringing the thief, Master,\rdblquote  croaked the elf. \ldblquote Fletcher knows how to avoid capture, has many hidey-holes and accomplices. Nevertheless, Kreacher cornered the thief in the end.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve done really well, Kreacher,\rdblquote  said Harry, and the elf bowed low.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right, we\rquote ve got a few questions for you,\rdblquote  Harry told Mundun\-gus, who shouted at once,\par
\ldblquote I panicked, okay? I never wanted to come along, no offense, mate, but I never volunteered to die for you, an\rquote  that was bleedin\rquote  You-Know-Who come flying at me, anyone woulda got outta there, I said all along I didn\rquote t wanna do it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For your information, none of the rest of us Disapparated,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you\rquote re a bunch of bleedin\rquote  \rquote eroes then, aren\rquote t you, but I never pretended I was up for killing meself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not interested in why you ran out on Mad-Eye,\rdblquote  said Harry, moving his wand a little closer to Mundungus\rquote s baggy, bloodshot eyes. \ldblquote We already knew you were an unreliable bit of scum.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well then, why the \rquote ell am I being \rquote unted down by \rquote ouse-elves? Or is this about them goblets again? I ain\rquote t got none of \rquote em left, or you could \rquote ave \rquote em \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not about the goblets either, although you\rquote re getting warmer,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Shut up and listen.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It felt wonderful to have something to do, someone of whom he\lang3081  \lang1033 could demand some small portion of truth. Harry\rquote s wand was now so close to the bridge of Mundungus\rquote s nose that Mundungus had gone cross-eyed trying to keep it in view.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When you cleaned out this house of anything valuable,\rdblquote  Harry began, but Mundungus interrupted him again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius never cared about any of the junk \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was the sound of pattering feet, a blaze of shining copper, an echoing clang, and a shriek of agony: Kreacher had taken a run at Mundungus and hit him over the head with a saucepan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Call \rquote im off, call \rquote im off, \rquote e should be locked up!\rdblquote  screamed Mundungus, cowering as Kreacher raised the heavy-bottomed pan again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kreacher, no!\rdblquote  shouted Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher\rquote s thin arms trembled with the weight of the pan, still held aloft.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perhaps just one more, Master Harry, for luck?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need him conscious, Kreacher, but if he needs persuading you can do the honors,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you very much, Master,\rdblquote  said Kreacher with a bow, and he retreated a short distance, his great pale eyes still fixed upon Mundungus with loathing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When you stripped this house of all the valuables you could find,\rdblquote  Harry began again, \ldblquote you took a bunch of stuff from the kitchen cupboard. There was a locket there.\rdblquote  Harry\rquote s mouth was suddenly dry: He could sense Ron and Hermione\rquote s tension and ex\-citement too. \ldblquote What did you do with it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  asked Mundungus. \ldblquote Is it valuable?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve still got it!\rdblquote  cried Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, he hasn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Ron shrewdly. \ldblquote He\rquote s wondering whether he should have asked more money for it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote More?\rdblquote  said Mundungus. \ldblquote That wouldn\rquote t have been effing dif\-ficult \'85 bleedin\rquote  gave it away, di\rquote n\rquote  I? No choice.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was selling in Diagon Alley and she come up to me and asks if I\rquote ve got a license for trading in magical artifacts. Bleedin\rquote  snoop. She was gonna fine me, but she took a fancy to the locket an\rquote  told me she\rquote d take it and let me off that time, and to fink meself lucky.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who was this woman?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno, some Ministry hag.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mundungus considered for a moment, brow wrinkled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Little woman. Bow on top of \rquote er head.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He frowned and then added, \ldblquote Looked like a toad.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dropped his wand: It hit Mundungus on the nose and shot red sparks into his eyebrows, which ignited.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Aguamenti\i0 !\rdblquote  screamed Hermione, and a jet of water streamed from her wand, engulfing a spluttering and choking Mundungus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked up and saw his own shock reflected in Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s faces. The scars on the back of his right hand seemed to be tingling again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 12\par
\pard\qc Magic is Might\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
As August wore on, the square of unkempt grass in the middle of Grimmauld Place shriveled in the sun until it was brittle and brown. The inhabitants of number twelve were never seen by anybody in the surrounding houses, and nor was number twelve itself. The Muggles who lived in Grimmauld Place had long since accepted the amusing mistake in the numbering that had caused number eleven to sit beside number thirteen.\par
And yet the square was now attracting a trickle of visitors who seemed to find the anomaly most intriguing. Barely a day passed without one or two people arriving in Grimmauld Place with no other purpose, or so it seemed, than to lean against the railings facing numbers eleven and thirteen, watching the join between the two houses. The lurkers were never the same two days running, although they all seemed to share a dislike for normal clothing. Most of the Londoners who passed them were used to eccentric dressers and took little notice, though occasionally one of them\lang3081  \lang1033 might glance back, wondering why anyone would wear such long cloaks in this heat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The watchers seemed to be gleaning little satisfaction from their vigil. Occasionally one of them started forward excitedly, as if they had seen something interesting at last, only to fall back looking disappointed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On the first day of September there were more people lurking in the square than ever before. Half\lang3081  \lang1033 a dozen men in long cloaks stood silent and watchful, gazing as ever at houses eleven and thirteen, but the thing for which they were waiting still appeared elusive. As evening drew in, bringing with it an unexpected gust of chilly rain for the first time in weeks, there occurred one of those inexplicable moments when they appeared to have seen something interesting. The man with the twisted face pointed and his closest companion, a podgy, pallid man, started forward, but a moment later they had relaxed into their previous state of inactivity, looking frustrated and disappointed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Meanwhile, inside number twelve, Harry had just entered the hall. He had nearly lost his balance as he Apparated onto the top step just outside the front door, and thought that the Death Eaters might have caught a glimpse of his momentarily exposed elbow. Shutting the front door carefully behind him, he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, draped it over his arm, and hurried along the gloomy hallway toward the door that led to the basement, a stolen copy of the \i Daily Prophet\i0  clutched in his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The usual low whisper of \ldblquote\i Severus Snape\i0 ?\rdblquote  greeted him, the chill wind swept him, and his tongue rolled up for a moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t kill you,\rdblquote  he said, once it had unrolled, then held his breath as the dusty jinx-figure exploded. He waited until he was\lang3081  \lang1033 halfway down the stairs to the kitchen, out of earshot of Mrs. Black and clear of the dust cloud, before calling, \ldblquote I\rquote ve got news, and you won\rquote t like it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The kitchen was almost unrecognizable. Every surface now shone: Copper pots and pans had been burnished to a rosy glow; the wooden tabletop gleamed; the goblets and plates already laid for dinner glinted in the light from a merrily blazing fire, on which a cauldron was simmering. Nothing in the room, however, was more dramatically different than the house-elf who now came hurrying toward Harry, dressed in a snowy-white towel, his ear hair as clean and fluffy as cotton wool, Regulus\rquote s locket bouncing on his thin chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shoes off, if you please, Master Harry, and hands washed be\-fore dinner,\rdblquote  croaked Kreacher, seizing the Invisibility Cloak and slouching off to hang it on a hook on the wall, beside a number of old-fashioned robes that had been freshly laundered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s happened?\rdblquote  Ron asked apprehensively. He and Hermi\-one had been poring over a sheaf of scribbled notes and hand-drawn maps that littered the end of the long kitchen table, but now they watched Harry as he strode toward them and threw down the news\-paper on top of their scattered parchment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A large picture of a familiar, hook-nosed, black-haired man stared up at them all, beneath a headline that read:\par
\par
\pard\qc SEVERUS SNAPE CONFIRMED AS HOGWARTS HEADMASTER\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Ron and Hermione loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was quickest; she snatched up the newspaper and be\-gan to read the accompanying story out loud.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Severus Snape, long-standing Potions master at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, was today appointed headmaster in the most important of several staffing changes at the ancient school. Following the resignation of the previous Muggle Studies teacher, Alecto Carrow will take over the post while her brother, Amycus, fills the position of Defense Against the Dark Arts professor.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i I welcome the opportunity to uphold our finest Wizarding tradi\-tions and values\i0  \emdash\rquote  Like committing murder and cutting off peo\-ple\rquote s ears, I suppose! Snape, headmaster! Snape in Dumbledore\rquote s study \emdash  Merlin\rquote s pants!\rdblquote  she shrieked, making both Harry and Ron jump. She leapt up from the table and hurtled from the room, shouting as she went, \ldblquote I\rquote ll be back in a minute!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Merlin\rquote s pants\rquote ?\rdblquote  repeated Ron, looking amused. \ldblquote She must be upset.\rdblquote  He pulled the newspaper toward him and perused the article about Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The other teachers won\rquote t stand for this. McGonagall and Flit\-wick and Sprout all know the truth, they know how Dumbledore died. They won\rquote t accept Snape as headmaster. And who are these Carrows?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Death Eaters,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote There are pictures of them inside. They were at the top of the tower when Snape killed Dumbledore, so it\rquote s all friends together. And,\rdblquote  Harry went on bitterly, drawing up a chair, \ldblquote I can\rquote t see that the other teachers have got any choice but to stay. If the Ministry and Voldemort are behind Snape it\rquote ll be a choice between staying and teaching, or a nice few years in Az\-kaban \emdash  and that\rquote s if they\rquote re lucky. I reckon they\rquote ll stay to try and protect the students.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Kreacher came bustling to the table with a large tureen in his\lang3081  \lang1033 hands, and ladled out soup into pristine bowls, whistling between his teeth as he did so.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks, Kreacher,\rdblquote  said Harry, flipping over the \i Prophet\i0  so as not to have to look at Snape\rquote s face. \ldblquote Well, at least we know exactly where Snape is now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He began to spoon soup into his mouth. The quality of Kreacher\rquote s cooking had improved dramatically ever since he had been given Regulus\rquote s locket: Today\rquote s French onion was as good as Harry had ever tasted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are still a load of Death Eaters watching the house,\rdblquote  he told Ron as he ate, \ldblquote more than usual. It\rquote s like they\rquote re hoping we\rquote ll march out carrying our school trunks and head off for the Hog\-warts Express.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron glanced at his watch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been thinking about that all day. It left nearly six hours ago. Weird, not being on it, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In his mind\rquote s eye Harry seemed to see the scarlet steam engine as he and Ron had once followed it by air, shimmering between fields and hills, a rippling scarlet caterpillar. He was sure Ginny, Neville, and Luna were sitting together at this moment, perhaps wonder\-ing where he, Ron, and Hermione were, or debating how best to undermine Snape\rquote s new regime.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They nearly saw me coming back in just now,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote I landed badly on the top step, and the Cloak slipped.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do that every time. Oh, here she is,\rdblquote  Ron added, craning around in his seat to watch Hermione reentering the kitchen. \ldblquote And what in the name of Merlin\rquote s most baggy Y Fronts was that about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I remembered this,\rdblquote  Hermione panted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was carrying a large, framed picture, which she now lowered to the floor before seizing her small, beaded bag from the kitchen sideboard. Opening it, she proceeded to force the painting inside, and despite the fact that it was patently too large to fit inside the tiny bag, within a few seconds it had vanished, like so much else, into the bag\rquote s capacious depths.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Phineas Nigellus,\rdblquote  Hermione explained as she threw the bag onto the kitchen table with the usual sonorous, clanking crash.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry?\rdblquote  said Ron, but Harry understood. The painted image of Phineas Nigellus Black was able to flit between his portrait in Grimmauld Place and the one that hung in the headmaster\rquote s office at Hogwarts: the circular tower-top room where Snape was no doubt sitting right now, in triumphant possession of Dumbledore\rquote s collec\-tion of delicate, silver magical instruments, the stone Pensieve, the Sorting Hat and, unless it had been moved elsewhere, the sword of Gryffindor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape could send Phineas Nigellus to look inside this house for him,\rdblquote  Hermione explained to Ron as she resumed her seat. \ldblquote But let him try it now, all Phineas Nigellus will be able to see is the inside of my handbag.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good thinking!\rdblquote  said Ron, looking impressed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  smiled Hermione, pulling her soup toward her. \ldblquote So, Harry, what else happened today?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Watched the Ministry entrance for seven hours. No sign of her. Saw your dad, though, Ron. He looks fine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron nodded his appreciation of this news. They had agreed that it was far too dangerous to try and communicate with Mr. Weasley while he walked in and out of the Ministry, because he was always surrounded by other Ministry workers. It was, however, reassuring\lang3081  \lang1033 to catch these glimpses of him, even if he did look very strained and anxious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dad always told us most Ministry people use the Floo Network to get to work,\rdblquote  Ron said. \ldblquote That\rquote s why we haven\rquote t seen Umbridge, she\rquote d never walk, she\rquote d think she\rquote s too important.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what about that funny old witch and that little wizard in the navy robes?\rdblquote  Hermione asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah, the bloke from Magical Maintenance,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you know he works for Magical Maintenance?\rdblquote  Hermi\-one asked, her soupspoon suspended in midair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dad said everyone from Magical Maintenance wears navy blue robes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you never told us that!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione dropped her spoon and pulled toward her the sheaf of notes and maps that she and Ron had been examining when Harry had entered the kitchen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s nothing in here about navy blue robes, nothing!\rdblquote  she said, flipping feverishly through the pages.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, does it really matter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, it \i all\i0  matters! If we\rquote re going to get into the Ministry and not give ourselves away when they\rquote re \i bound\i0  to be on the lookout for intruders, every little detail matters! We\rquote ve been over and over this, I mean, what\rquote s the point of all these reconnaissance trips if you aren\rquote t even bothering to tell us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, Hermione, I forget one little thing \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You do realize, don\rquote t you, that there\rquote s probably no more dan\-gerous place in the whole world for us to be right now than the Ministry of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we should do it tomorrow,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione stopped dead, her jaw hanging; Ron choked a little over his soup.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tomorrow?\rdblquote  repeated Hermione. \ldblquote You aren\rquote t serious, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think we\rquote re going to be much better prepared than we are now even if we skulk around the Ministry entrance for another month. The longer we put it off, the farther away that locket could be. There\rquote s already a good chance Umbridge has chucked it away; the thing doesn\rquote t open.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Unless,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote she\rquote s found a way of opening it and she\rquote s now possessed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wouldn\rquote t make any difference to her, she was so evil in the first place,\rdblquote  Harry shrugged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was biting her lip, deep in thought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We know everything important,\rdblquote  Harry went on, addressing Hermione. \ldblquote We know they\rquote ve stopped Apparition in and out of the Ministry. We know only the most senior Ministry members are al\-lowed to connect their homes to the Floo Network now, because Ron heard those two Unspeakables complaining about it. And we know roughly where Umbridge\rquote s office is, because of what you heard that bearded bloke saying to his mate \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i I\rquote ll be up on level one, Dolores wants to see me,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\i  \i0 Hermione re\-cited immediately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Exactly,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote And we know you get in using those funny coins, or tokens, or whatever they are, because I saw that witch bor\-rowing one from her friend \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But we haven\rquote t got any!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If the plan works, we will have,\rdblquote  Harry continued calmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know, Harry, I don\rquote t know. \'85 There are an awful lot of things that could go wrong, so much relies on chance. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote ll be true even if we spend another three months prepar\-ing,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote It\rquote s time to act.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could tell from Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s faces that they were scared; he was not particularly confident himself, and yet he was sure the time had come to put their plan into operation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had spent the previous four weeks taking it in turns to don the Invisibility Cloak and spy on the official entrance to the Minis\-try, which Ron, thanks to Mr. Weasley, had known since childhood. They had tailed Ministry workers on their way in, eavesdropped on their conversations, and learned by careful observation which of them could be relied upon to appear, alone, at the same time every day. Occasionally there had been a chance to sneak a \i Daily Prophet\i0  out of somebody\rquote s briefcase. Slowly they had built up the sketchy maps and notes now stacked in front of Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  said Ron slowly, \ldblquote let\rquote s say we go for it tomorrow. \'85 I think it should just be me and Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, don\rquote t start that again!\rdblquote  sighed Hermione. \ldblquote I thought we\rquote d settled this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s one thing hanging around the entrances under the Cloak, but this is different, Hermione.\rdblquote  Ron jabbed a finger at a copy of the \i Daily Prophet\i0  dated ten days previously. \ldblquote You\rquote re on the list of Muggle-borns who didn\rquote t present themselves for interrogation!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you\rquote re supposed to be dying of spattergroit at the Burrow! If anyone shouldn\rquote t go, it\rquote s Harry, he\rquote s got a ten-thousand-Galleon price on his head \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine, I\rquote ll stay here,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Let me know if you ever defeat Voldemort, won\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Ron and Hermione laughed, pain shot through the scar on Harry\rquote s forehead. His hand jumped to it: He saw Hermione\rquote s eyes\lang3081  \lang1033 narrow, and he tried to pass off the movement by brushing his hair out of his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, if all three of us go we\rquote ll have to Disapparate separately,\rdblquote  Ron was saying. \ldblquote We can\rquote t all fit under the Cloak anymore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s scar was becoming more and more painful. He stood up. At once, Kreacher hurried forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master has not finished his soup, would Master prefer the savory stew, or else the treacle tart to which Master is so partial?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks, Kreacher, but I\rquote ll be back in a minute \emdash  er \emdash  bath\-room.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aware that Hermione was watching him suspiciously, Harry hur\-ried up the stairs to the hall and then to the first landing, where he dashed into the bathroom and bolted the door again. Grunting with pain, he slumped over the black basin with its taps in the form of open-mouthed serpents and closed his eyes. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was gliding along a twilit street. The buildings on either side of him had high, timbered gables; they looked like gingerbread houses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He approached one of them, then saw the whiteness of his own long-fingered hand against the door. He knocked. He felt a mount\-ing excitement. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door opened: A laughing woman stood there. Her face fell as she looked into Harry\rquote s face: humor gone, terror replacing it. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gregorovitch?\rdblquote  said a high, cold voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She shook her head: She was trying to close the door. A white hand held it steady, prevented her shutting him out. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want Gregorovitch.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Er wohnt hier nicht mehr\i0 !\rdblquote  she cried, shaking her head. \ldblquote He no live here! He no live here! I know him not!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Abandoning the attempt to close the door, she began to back away down the dark hall, and Harry followed, gliding toward her, and his long-fingered hand had drawn his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where is he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Das wei\'df\lang3081  \lang1033 ich nicht\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033 He move! I know not, I know not!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He raised the wand. She screamed. Two young children came running into the hall. She tried to shield them with her arms. There was a flash of green light \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! HARRY!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened his eyes; he had sunk to the floor. Hermione was pounding on the door again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, open up!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had shouted out, he knew it. He got up and unbolted the door; Hermione toppled inside at once, regained her balance, and looked around suspiciously. Ron was right behind her, looking unnerved as he pointed his wand into the corners of the chilly bathroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What were you doing?\rdblquote  asked Hermione sternly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you think I was doing?\rdblquote  asked Harry with feeble bravado.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were yelling your head off!\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah \'85 I must\rquote ve dozed off or \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, please don\rquote t insult our intelligence,\rdblquote  said Hermione, tak\-ing deep breaths. \ldblquote We know your scar hurt downstairs, and you\rquote re white as a sheet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat down on the edge of the bath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine. I\rquote ve just seen Voldemort murdering a woman. By now he\rquote s probably killed her whole family. And he didn\rquote t need to. It was Cedric all over again, they were just \i there. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you aren\rquote t supposed to let this happen anymore!\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 Hermione cried, her voice echoing through the bathroom. \ldblquote Dum\-bledore wanted you to use Occlumency! He thought the connection was dangerous \emdash  Voldemort can \i use\i0  it, Harry! What good is it to watch him kill and torture, how can it help?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because it means I know what he\rquote s doing,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you\rquote re not even going to \i try\i0  to shut him out?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, I can\rquote t. You know I\rquote m lousy at Occlumency, I never got the hang of it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You never really tried!\rdblquote  she said hotly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t get it, Harry \emdash  do you \i like\i0  having this special connection or relationship or what \emdash  whatever \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She faltered under the look he gave her as he stood up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like it?\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote Would\lang3081  \lang1033\i you\i0  like it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  no \emdash  I\rquote m sorry, Harry, I didn\rquote t mean \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hate it, I hate the fact that he can get inside me, that I have to watch him when he\rquote s most dangerous. But I\rquote m going to use it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Forget Dumbledore. This is my choice, nobody else\rquote s. I want to know why he\rquote s after Gregorovitch.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s a foreign wandmaker,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He made Krum\rquote s wand and Krum reckons he\rquote s brilliant.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But according to you,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote Voldemort\rquote s got Ollivander locked up somewhere. If he\rquote s already got a wandmaker, what does he need another one for?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe he agrees with Krum, maybe he thinks Gregorovitch is better \'85 or else he thinks Gregorovitch will be able to explain what my wand did when he was chasing me, because Ollivander didn\rquote t know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced into the cracked, dusty mirror and saw Ron and Hermione exchanging skeptical looks behind his back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you keep talking about what your wand did,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione, \ldblquote but \i you\i0  made it happen! Why are you so determined not to take responsibility for your own power?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because I know it wasn\rquote t me! And so does Voldemort, Hermione! We both know what really happened!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They glared at each other: Harry knew that he had not con\-vinced Hermione and that she was marshaling counterarguments, against both his theory on his wand and the fact that he was per\-mitting himself to see into Voldemort\rquote s mind. To his relief, Ron intervened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Drop it,\rdblquote  he advised her. \ldblquote It\rquote s up to him. And if we\rquote re going to the Ministry tomorrow, don\rquote t you reckon we should go over the plan?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Reluctantly, as the other two could tell, Hermione let the mat\-ter rest, though Harry was quite sure she would attack again at the first opportunity. In the meantime, they returned to the basement kitchen, where Kreacher served them all stew and treacle tart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They did not get to bed until late that night, after spending hours going over and over their plan until they could recite it, word per\-fect, to each other. Harry, who was now sleeping in Sirius\rquote s room, lay in bed with his wandlight trained on the old photograph of his fa\-ther, Sirius, Lupin, and Pettigrew, and muttered the plan to himself for another ten minutes. As he extinguished his wand, however, he was thinking not of Polyjuice Potion, Puking Pastilles, or the navy blue robes of Magical Maintenance; he thought of Gregorovitch the wandmaker, and how long he could hope to remain hidden while Voldemort sought him so determinedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dawn seemed to follow midnight with indecent haste.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You look terrible,\rdblquote  was Ron\rquote s greeting as he entered the room to wake Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not for long,\rdblquote  said Harry, yawning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They found Hermione downstairs in the kitchen. She was being served coffee and hot rolls by Kreacher and wearing the slightly manic expression that Harry associated with exam review.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Robes,\rdblquote  she said under her breath, acknowledging their presence with a nervous nod and continuing to poke around in her beaded bag, \ldblquote Polyjuice Potion \'85 Invisibility Cloak\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Decoy Detonators \'85 You should each take a couple just in case. \'85 Puking Pastilles, Nosebleed Nougat, Extendable Ears \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They gulped down their breakfast, then set off upstairs, Kreacher bowing them out and promising to have a steak-and-kidney pie ready for them when they returned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bless him,\rdblquote  said Ron fondly, \ldblquote and when you think I used to fan\-tasize about cutting off his head and sticking it on the wall.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They made their way onto the front step with immense caution: They could see a couple of puffy-eyed Death Eaters watching the house from across the misty square.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione Disapparated with Ron first, then came back for Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After the usual brief spell of darkness and near suffocation, Harry found himself in the tiny alleyway where the first phase of their plan was scheduled to take place. It was as yet deserted, except for a couple of large bins; the first Ministry workers did not usually appear here until at least eight o\rquote clock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right then,\rdblquote  said Hermione, checking her watch. \ldblquote She ought to be here in about five minutes. When I\rquote ve Stunned her \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, we know,\rdblquote  said Ron sternly. \ldblquote And I thought we were supposed to open the door before she got here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione squealed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I nearly forgot! Stand back \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She pointed her wand at the padlocked and heavily graffitied fire door beside them, which burst open with a crash. The dark corridor behind it led, as they knew from their careful scouting trips, into an empty theater. Hermione pulled the door back toward her, to make it look as though it was still closed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now,\rdblquote  she said, turning back to face the other two in the alleyway, \ldblquote we put on the Cloak again \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and we wait,\rdblquote  Ron finished, throwing it over Hermione\rquote s head like a blanket over a birdcage and rolling his eyes at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Little more than a minute later, there was a tiny \i pop\i0  and a little Ministry witch with flyaway gray hair Apparated feet from them, blinking a little in the sudden brightness; the sun had just come out from behind a cloud. She barely had time to enjoy the unexpected warmth, however, before Hermione\rquote s silent Stunning Spell hit her in the chest and she toppled over.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nicely done, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron, emerging from behind a bin beside the theater door as Harry took off the Invisibility Cloak. Together they carried the little witch into the dark passageway that led backstage. Hermione plucked a few hairs from the witch\rquote s head and added them to a flask of muddy Polyjuice Potion she had taken from the beaded bag. Ron was rummaging through the little witch\rquote s handbag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s Mafalda Hopkirk,\rdblquote  he said, reading a small card that iden\-tified their victim as an assistant in the Improper Use of Magic Of\-fice. \ldblquote You\rquote d better take this, Hermione, and here are the tokens.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He passed her several small golden coins, all embossed with the letters M.O.M., which he had taken from the witch\rquote s purse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione drank the Polyjuice Potion, which was now a pleasant heliotrope color, and within seconds stood before them, the double of Mafalda Hopkirk. As she removed Mafalda\rquote s spectacles and put them on, Harry checked his watch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re running late, Mr. Magical Maintenance will be here any second.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They hurried to close the door on the real Mafalda; Harry and Ron threw the Invisibility Cloak over themselves but Hermione re\-mained in view, waiting. Seconds later there was another \i pop,\i0  and a small, ferrety-looking wizard appeared before them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, hello, Mafalda.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello!\rdblquote  said Hermione in a quavery voice. \ldblquote How are you today?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not so good, actually,\rdblquote  replied the little wizard, who looked thoroughly downcast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Hermione and the wizard headed for the main road, Harry and Ron crept along behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry to hear you\rquote re under the weather,\rdblquote  said Hermione, talking firmly over the little wizard as he tried to expound upon his problems; it was essential to stop him from reaching the street. \ldblquote Here, have a sweet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Eh? Oh, no thanks \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I insist!\rdblquote  said Hermione aggressively, shaking the bag of pastilles in his face. Looking rather alarmed, the little wizard took one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The effect was instantaneous. The moment the pastille touched his tongue, the little wizard started vomiting so hard that he did\lang3081  \lang1033 not even notice as Hermione yanked a handful of hairs from the top of his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh dear!\rdblquote  she said, as he splattered the alley with sick. \ldblquote Perhaps you\rquote d better take the day off!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  no!\rdblquote  He choked and retched, trying to continue on his way despite being unable to walk straight. \ldblquote I must \emdash  today \emdash  must go \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But that\rquote s just silly!\rdblquote  said Hermione, alarmed. \ldblquote You can\rquote t go to work in this state \emdash  I think you ought to go to St. Mungo\rquote s and get them to sort you out!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wizard had collapsed, heaving, onto all fours, still trying to crawl toward the main street.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You simply can\rquote t go to work like this!\rdblquote  cried Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At last he seemed to accept the truth of her words. Using a re\-pulsed Hermione to claw his way back into a standing position, he turned on the spot and vanished, leaving nothing behind but the bag Ron had snatched from his hand as he went and some flying chunks of vomit.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Urgh,\rdblquote  said Hermione, holding up the skirts of her robe to avoid the puddles of sick. \ldblquote It would have made much less mess to Stun him too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, emerging from under the cloak holding the wizard\rquote s bag, \ldblquote but I still think a whole pile of unconscious bodies would have drawn more attention. Keen on his job, though, isn\rquote t he? Chuck us the hair and the potion, then.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Within two minutes, Ron stood before them, as small and ferrety as the sick wizard, and wearing the navy blue robes that had been folded in his bag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Weird he wasn\rquote t wearing them today, wasn\rquote t it, seeing how much he wanted to go? Anyway, I\rquote m Reg Cattermole, according to the label in the back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now wait here,\rdblquote  Hermione told Harry, who was still under the Invisibility Cloak, \ldblquote and we\rquote ll be back with some hairs for you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had to wait ten minutes, but it seemed much longer to Harry, skulking alone in the sick-splattered alleyway beside the door concealing the Stunned Mafalda. Finally Ron and Hermione reappeared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We don\rquote t know who he is,\rdblquote  Hermione said, passing Harry several curly black hairs, \ldblquote but he\rquote s gone home with a dreadful nosebleed! Here, he\rquote s pretty tall, you\rquote ll need bigger robes. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She pulled out a set of the old robes Kreacher had laundered for them, and Harry retired to take the potion and change.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once the painful transformation was complete he was more than six feet tall and, from what he could tell from his well-muscled arms, powerfully built. He also had a beard. Stowing the Invisibility Cloak and his glasses inside his new robes, he rejoined the other two.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, that\rquote s scary,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking up at Harry, who now towered over him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take one of Mafalda\rquote s tokens,\rdblquote  Hermione told Harry, \ldblquote and let\rquote s go, it\rquote s nearly nine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They stepped out of the alleyway together. Fifty yards along the crowded pavement there were spiked black railings flanking two flights of steps, one labeled GENTLEMEN, the other LADIES.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See you in a moment, then,\rdblquote  said Hermione nervously, and she tottered off down the steps to LADIES. Harry and Ron joined a num\-ber of oddly dressed men descending into what appeared to be an or\-dinary underground public toilet, tiled in grimy black and white.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Morning, Reg!\rdblquote  called another wizard in navy blue robes as he let himself into a cubicle by inserting his golden token into a slot in the door. \ldblquote Blooming pain in the bum, this, eh? Forcing us all to get to work this way! Who are they expecting to turn up, Harry Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wizard roared with laughter at his own wit. Ron gave a forced chuckle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote stupid, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he and Harry let themselves into adjoining cubicles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To Harry\rquote s left and right came the sound of flushing. He crouched down and peered through the gap at the bottom of the cubicle, just in time to see a pair of booted feet climbing into the toilet next door. He looked left and saw Ron blinking at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We have to flush ourselves in?\rdblquote  he whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Looks like it,\rdblquote  Harry whispered back; his voice came out deep and gravelly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They both stood up. Feeling exceptionally foolish, Harry clam\-bered into the toilet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He knew at once that he had done the right thing; though he ap\-peared to be standing in water, his shoes, feet, and robes remained quite dry. He reached up, pulled the chain, and next moment had zoomed down a short chute, emerging out of a fireplace into the Ministry of Magic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He got up clumsily; there was a lot more of his body than he was accustomed to. The great Atrium seemed darker than Harry remembered it. Previously a golden fountain had filled the center of the hall, casting shimmering spots of light over the polished wooden floor and walls. Now a gigantic statue of black stone dominated the scene. It was rather frightening, this vast sculpture of a witch and\lang3081  \lang1033 a wizard sitting on ornately carved thrones, looking down at the Ministry workers toppling out of fireplaces below them. Engraved in foot-high letters at the base of the statue were the words MAGIC IS MIGHT.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry received a heavy blow on the back of the legs: Another wizard had just flown out of the fireplace behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Out of the way, can\rquote t y \emdash  oh, sorry, Runcorn!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Clearly frightened, the balding wizard hurried away. Appar\-ently the man whom Harry was impersonating, Runcorn, was intimidating.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Psst!\rdblquote  said a voice, and he looked around to see a wispy little witch and the ferrety wizard from Magical Maintenance gesturing to him from over beside the statue. Harry hastened to join them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You got in all right, then?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, he\rquote s still stuck in the bog,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, very funny \'85 It\rquote s horrible, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  she said to Harry, who was staring up at the statue. \ldblquote Have you seen what they\rquote re sitting on?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked more closely and realized that what he had thought were decoratively carved thrones were actually mounds of carved humans: hundreds and hundreds of naked bodies, men, women, and children, all with rather stupid, ugly faces, twisted and pressed together to support the weight of the handsomely robed wizards.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Muggles,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione. \ldblquote In their rightful place. Come on, let\rquote s get going.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They joined the stream of witches and wizards moving toward the golden gates at the end of the hall, looking around as surrepti\-tiously as possible, but there was no sign of the distinctive figure of Dolores Umbridge. They passed through the gates and into a smaller\lang3081  \lang1033 hall, where queues were forming in front of twenty golden grilles housing as many lifts. They had barely joined the nearest one when a voice said, \ldblquote Cattermole!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They looked around: Harry\rquote s stomach turned over. One of the Death Eaters who had witnessed Dumbledore\rquote s death was striding toward them. The Ministry workers beside them fell silent, their eyes downcast; Harry could feel fear rippling through them. The man\rquote s scowling, slightly brutish face was somehow at odds with his magnificent, sweeping robes, which were embroidered with much gold thread. Someone in the crowd around the lifts called sycophan\-tically, \ldblquote Morning, Yaxley!\rdblquote  Yaxley ignored them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I requested somebody from Magical Maintenance to sort out my office, Cattermole. It\rquote s still raining in there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked around as though hoping somebody else would in\-tervene, but nobody spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Raining \'85 in your office? That\rquote s \emdash  that\rquote s not good, is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron gave a nervous laugh. Yaxley\rquote s eyes widened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think it\rquote s funny, Cattermole, do you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A pair of witches broke away from the queue for the lift and bustled off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote no, of course \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You realize that I am on my way downstairs to interrogate your wife, Cattermole? In fact, I\rquote m quite surprised you\rquote re not down there holding her hand while she waits. Already given her up as a bad job, have you? Probably wise. Be sure and marry a pureblood next time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione had let out a little squeak of horror. Yaxley looked at her. She coughed feebly and turned away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I \emdash\rdblquote  stammered Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if \i my\i0  wife were accused of being a Mudblood,\rdblquote  said Yaxley, \ldblquote\emdash  not that any woman I married would ever be mistaken for such filth \emdash  and the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforce\-ment needed a job doing, I would make it my priority to do that job, Cattermole. Do you understand me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  whispered Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then attend to it, Cattermole, and if my office is not completely dry within an hour, your wife\rquote s Blood Status will be in even graver doubt than it is now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The golden grille before them clattered open. With a nod and unpleasant smile to Harry, who was evidently expected to appreci\-ate this treatment of Cattermole, Yaxley swept away toward another lift. Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered theirs, but nobody followed them: It was as if they were infectious. The grilles shut with a clang and the lift began to move upward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What am I going to do?\rdblquote  Ron asked the other two at once; he looked stricken. \ldblquote If I don\rquote t turn up, my wife \emdash  I mean, Cattermole\rquote s wife \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll come with you, we should stick together \emdash\rdblquote  began Harry, but Ron shook his head feverishly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s mental, we haven\rquote t got much time. You two find Um\-bridge, I\rquote ll go and sort out Yaxley\rquote s office \emdash  but how do I stop it raining?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Try Finite Incantatem,\rdblquote  said Hermione at once, \ldblquote that should stop the rain if it\rquote s a hex or curse; if it doesn\rquote t, something\rquote s gone wrong with an Atmospheric Charm, which will be more difficult to fix, so as an interim measure try Impervius to protect his belongings \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Say it again, slowly \emdash\rdblquote  said Ron, searching his pockets des\-perately for a quill, but at that moment the lift juddered to a halt.\lang3081  \lang1033 A disembodied female voice said, \ldblquote Level four, Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, incorporating Beast, Being, and Spirit Divisions, Goblin Liaison Office, and Pest Advi\-sory Bureau,\rdblquote  and the grilles slid open again, admitting a couple of wizards and several pale violet paper airplanes that fluttered around the lamp in the ceiling of the lift.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Morning, Albert,\rdblquote  said a bushily whiskered man, smiling at Harry. He glanced over at Ron and Hermione as the lift creaked upward once more; Hermione was now whispering frantic instruc\-tions to Ron. The wizard leaned toward Harry, leering, and mut\-tered, \ldblquote Dirk Cresswell, eh? From Goblin Liaison? Nice one, Albert. I\rquote m pretty confident I\rquote ll get his job now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He winked. Harry smiled back, hoping that this would suffice. The lift stopped; the grilles opened once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Level two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, includ\-ing the Improper Use of Magic Office, Auror Headquarters, and Wizengamot Administration Services,\rdblquote  said the disembodied witch\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw Hermione give Ron a little push and he hurried out of the lift, followed by the other wizards, leaving Harry and Hermione alone. The moment the golden door had closed Hermione said, very fast, \ldblquote Actually, Harry, I think I\rquote d better go after him, I don\rquote t think he knows what he\rquote s doing and if he gets caught the whole thing \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Level one, Minister of Magic and Support Staff.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The golden grilles slid apart again and Hermione gasped. Four people stood before them, two of them deep in conversation: a long\-haired wizard wearing magnificent robes of black and gold, and a squat, toadlike witch wearing a velvet bow in her short hair and clutching a clipboard to her chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 13\par
\pard\qc The Muggle-Born\par
Registration Commission\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote Ah, Mafalda!\rdblquote  said Umbridge, looking at Hermione. \ldblquote Trav\-ers sent you, did he?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Y-yes,\rdblquote  squeaked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good, you\rquote ll do perfectly well.\rdblquote  Umbridge spoke to the wizard in black and gold. \ldblquote That\rquote s that problem solved, Minister, if Ma\-falda can be spared for record-keeping we shall be able to start straightaway.\rdblquote  She consulted her clipboard. \ldblquote Ten people today and one of them the wife of a Ministry employee! Tut, tut\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 even here, in the heart of the Ministry!\rdblquote  She stepped into the lift beside Hermione, as did the two wizards who had been listening to Umbridge\rquote s conversation with the Minister. \ldblquote We\rquote ll go straight down, Mafalda, you\rquote ll find everything you need in the courtroom. Good morning, Albert, aren\rquote t you getting out?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, of course,\rdblquote  said Harry in Runcorn\rquote s deep voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stepped out of the lift. The golden grilles clanged shut behind him. Glancing over his shoulder, Harry saw Hermione\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033 anxious face sinking back out of sight, a tall wizard on either side of her, Umbridge\rquote s velvet hair-bow level with her shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What brings you up here, Runcorn?\rdblquote  asked the new Minister of Magic. His long black hair and beard were streaked with silver, and a great overhanging forehead shadowed his glinting eyes, putting Harry in mind of a crab looking out from beneath a rock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Needed a quick word with,\rdblquote  Harry hesitated for a fraction of a second, \ldblquote Arthur Weasley. Someone said he was up on level one.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Pius Thicknesse. \ldblquote Has he been caught having contact with an Undesirable?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, his throat dry. \ldblquote No, nothing like that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, well. It\rquote s only a matter of time,\rdblquote  said Thicknesse. \ldblquote If you ask me, the blood traitors are as bad as the Mudbloods. Good day, Runcorn.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good day, Minister.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry watched Thicknesse march away along the thickly carpeted corridor. The moment the Minister had passed out of sight, Harry tugged the Invisibility Cloak out from under his heavy black cloak, threw it over himself, and set off along the corridor in the opposite direction. Runcorn was so tall that Harry was forced to stoop to make sure his big feet were hidden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Panic pulsed in the pit of his stomach. As he passed gleaming wooden door after gleaming wooden door, each bearing a small plaque with the owner\rquote s name and occupation upon it, the might of the Ministry, its complexity, its impenetrability, seemed to force itself upon him so that the plan he had been carefully concocting with Ron and Hermione over the past four weeks seemed laughably childish. They had concentrated all their efforts on getting inside without being detected: They had not given a moment\rquote s thought to\lang3081  \lang1033 what they would do if they were forced to separate. Now Hermi\-one was stuck in court proceedings, which would undoubtedly last hours; Ron was struggling to do magic that Harry was sure was beyond him, a woman\rquote s liberty possibly depending on the outcome; and he, Harry, was wandering around on the top floor when he knew perfectly well that his quarry had just gone down in the lift.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stopped walking, leaned against a wall, and tried to decide what to do. The silence pressed upon him: There was no bustling or talk or swift footsteps here; the purple-carpeted corridors were as hushed as though the \i Muffliato\i0  charm had been cast over the place.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Her office must be up here,\i0  Harry thought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It seemed most unlikely that Umbridge would keep her jewelry in her office, but on the other hand it seemed foolish not to search it to make sure. He therefore set off along the corridor again, pass\-ing nobody but a frowning wizard who was murmuring instruc\-tions to a quill that floated in front of him, scribbling on a trail of parchment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Now paying attention to the names on the doors, Harry turned a corner. Halfway along the next corridor he emerged into a wide, open space where a dozen witches and wizards sat in rows at small desks not unlike school desks, though much more highly polished and free from graffiti. Harry paused to watch them, for the effect was quite mesmerizing. They were all waving and twiddling their wands in unison, and squares of colored paper were flying in every direc\-tion like little pink kites. After a few seconds, Harry realized that there was a rhythm to the proceedings, that the papers all formed the same pattern; and after a few more seconds he realized that what he was watching was the creation of pamphlets \emdash  that the paper\lang3081  \lang1033 squares were pages, which, when assembled, folded, and magicked into place, fell into neat stacks beside each witch or wizard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry crept closer, although the workers were so intent on what they were doing that he doubted they would notice a carpet-muffled footstep, and he slid a completed pamphlet from the pile beside a young witch. He examined it beneath the Invisibility Cloak. Its pink cover was emblazoned with a golden title:\par
\par
\pard\qc\i MUDBLOODS\lang3081\par
\lang1033 and the Dangers They Pose to\par
a Peaceful Pure-Blood Society\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
Beneath the title was a picture of a red rose with a simpering face in the middle of its petals, being strangled by a green weed with fangs and a scowl. There was no author\rquote s name upon the pamphlet, but again, the scars on the back of his right hand seemed to tingle as he examined it. Then the young witch beside him confirmed his suspicion as she said, still waving and twirling her wand, \ldblquote Will the old hag be interrogating Mudbloods all day, does anyone know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Careful,\rdblquote  said the wizard beside her, glancing around nervously; one of his pages slipped and fell to the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What, has she got magic ears as well as an eye, now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The witch glanced toward the shining mahogany door facing the space full of pamphlet-makers; Harry looked too, and rage reared in him like a snake. Where there might have been a peephole on a Muggle front door, a large, round eye with a bright blue iris had been set into the wood \emdash  an eye that was shockingly familiar to anybody who had known Alastor Moody.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a split second Harry forgot where he was and what he was\lang3081  \lang1033 doing there: He even forgot that he was invisible. He strode straight over to the door to examine the eye. It was not moving: It gazed blindly upward, frozen. The plaque beneath it read:\par
\par
\pard\qc DOLORES UMBRIDGE\lang3081\par
\lang1033 SENIOR UNDERSECRETARY TO THE MINISTER\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
Below that, a slightly shinier new plaque read:\par
\par
\pard\qc HEAD OF THE MUGGLE-BORN\par
REGISTRATION COMMISSION\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
Harry looked back at the dozen pamphlet-makers: Though they were intent upon their work, he could hardly suppose that they would not notice if the door of an empty office opened in front of them. He therefore withdrew from an inner pocket an odd object with little waving legs and a rubber-bulbed horn for a body. Crouching down beneath the Cloak, he placed the Decoy Detonator on the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It scuttled away at once through the legs of the witches and wiz\-ards in front of him. A few moments later, during which Harry waited with his hand upon the doorknob, there came a loud bang and a great deal of acrid black smoke billowed from a corner. The young witch in the front row shrieked: Pink pages flew everywhere as she and her fellows jumped up, looking around for the source of the commotion. Harry turned the doorknob, stepped into Um\-bridge\rquote s office, and closed the door behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt he had stepped back in time. The room was exactly like Umbridge\rquote s office at Hogwarts: Lace draperies, doilies, and dried flowers covered every available surface. The walls bore the same\lang3081  \lang1033 ornamental plates, each featuring a highly colored, beribboned kit\-ten, gamboling and frisking with sickening cuteness. The desk was covered with a flouncy, flowered cloth. Behind Mad-Eye\rquote s eye, a telescopic attachment enabled Umbridge to spy on the workers on the other side of the door. Harry took a look through it and saw that they were all still gathered around the Decoy Detonator. He wrenched the telescope out of the door, leaving a hole behind, pulled the magical eyeball out of it, and placed it in his pocket. Then he turned to face the room again, raised his wand, and murmured, \ldblquote\i Accio Locket.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nothing happened, but he had not expected it to; no doubt Um\-bridge knew all about protective charms and spells. He therefore hurried behind her desk and began pulling open the drawers. He saw quills and notebooks and Spellotape; enchanted paper clips that coiled snakelike from their drawer and had to be beaten back; a fussy little lace box full of spare hair bows and clips; but no sign of a locket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a filing cabinet behind the desk: Harry set to search\-ing it. Like Filch\rquote s filing cabinets at Hogwarts, it was full of fold\-ers, each labeled with a name. It was not until Harry reached the bottommost drawer that he saw something to distract him from his search: Mr. Weasley\rquote s file.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled it out and opened it.\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft284\trqc\trrh470\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx6521\pard\intbl\qc ARTHUR WEASLEY\lang3081\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft284\trqc\trrh846\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2410\cellx6521\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\lang1033 BLOOD STATUS:\cell\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\qj Pureblood, but with unacceptable pro-Muggle leanings. Known member of the Order of the Phoenix.\lang3081\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft284\trqc\trrh846\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2410\cellx6521\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\lang1033 FAMILY:\cell\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\qj Wife (pureblood), seven children, two\lang3081\par
\lang1033 youngest at Hogwarts. NB: Youngest son currently at home, seriously ill, Ministry inspectors have confirmed.\lang3081\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft284\trqc\trrh846\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2410\cellx6521\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\lang1033 SECURITY STATUS:\cell\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\qj TRACKED. All movements are being\lang3081\par
\lang1033 monitored. Strong likelihood Undesirable No. 1 will contact (has stayed with Weasley family previously)\cell\row\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\ldblquote Undesirable Number One,\rdblquote  Harry muttered under his breath as he replaced Mr. Weasley\rquote s folder and shut the drawer. He had an idea he knew who that was, and sure enough, as he straightened up and glanced around the office for fresh hiding places, he saw a poster of himself on the wall, with the words undesirable no. 1 emblazoned across his chest. A little pink note was stuck to it with a picture of a kitten in the corner. Harry moved across to read it and saw that Umbridge had written, \ldblquote\i To be punished.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Angrier than ever, he proceeded to grope in the bottoms of the vases and baskets of dried flowers, but was not at all surprised that the locket was not there. He gave the office one last sweeping look, and his heart skipped a beat. Dumbledore was staring at him from a small rectangular mirror, propped up on a bookcase beside the desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry crossed the room at a run and snatched it up, but realized the moment he touched it that it was not a mirror at all. Dumble\-dore was smiling wistfully out of the front cover of a glossy book. Harry had not immediately noticed the curly green writing across his hat \emdash  \i The Life and Lies of\lang3081  \lang1033 Albus Dumbledore\i0  \emdash  nor the slightly smaller writing across his chest: \ldblquote by Rita Skeeter, bestselling author of \i Armando Dippet: Master or Moron\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened the book at random and saw a full-page photo\-graph of two teenage boys, both laughing immoderately with their arms around each other\rquote s shoulders. Dumbledore, now with elbow-length hair, had grown a tiny wispy beard that recalled the one on Krum\rquote s chin that had so annoyed Ron. The boy who roared in si\-lent amusement beside Dumbledore had a gleeful, wild look about him. His golden hair fell in curls to his shoulders. Harry wondered whether it was a young Doge, but before he could check the caption, the door of the office opened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If Thicknesse had not been looking over his shoulder as he en\-tered, Harry would not have had time to pull the Invisibility Cloak over himself. As it was, he thought Thicknesse might have caught a glimpse of movement, because for a moment or two he remained quite still, staring curiously at the place where Harry had just vanished. Perhaps deciding that all he had seen was Dumbledore scratching his nose on the front of the book, for Harry had hastily replaced it upon the shelf, Thicknesse finally walked to the desk and pointed his wand at the quill standing ready in the ink pot. It sprang out and began scribbling a note to Umbridge. Very slowly, hardly daring to breathe, Harry backed out of the office into the open area beyond.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The pamphlet-makers were still clustered around the remains of the Decoy Detonator, which continued to hoot feebly as it smoked. Harry hurried off up the corridor as the young witch said, \ldblquote I bet it sneaked up here from Experimental Charms, they\rquote re so careless, remember that poisonous duck?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Speeding back toward the lifts, Harry reviewed his options. It had never been likely that the locket was here at the Ministry, and there was no hope of bewitching its whereabouts out of Umbridge while\lang3081  \lang1033 she was sitting in a crowded court. Their priority now had to be to leave the Ministry before they were exposed, and try again another day. The first thing to do was to find Ron, and then they could work out a way of extracting Hermione from the courtroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The lift was empty when it arrived. Harry jumped in and pulled off the Invisibility Cloak as it started its descent. To his enormous relief, when it rattled to a halt at level two, a soaking-wet and wild-eyed Ron got in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote M-morning,\rdblquote  he stammered to Harry as the lift set off again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, it\rquote s me, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! Blimey, I forgot what you looked like \emdash  why isn\rquote t Her\-mione with you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She had to go down to the courtrooms with Umbridge, she couldn\rquote t refuse, and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But before Harry could finish the lift had stopped again: The doors opened and Mr. Weasley walked inside, talking to an el\-derly witch whose blonde hair was teased so high it resembled an anthill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 I quite understand what you\rquote re saying, Wakanda, but I\rquote m afraid I cannot be party to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley broke off; he had noticed Harry. It was very strange to have Mr. Weasley glare at him with that much dislike. The lift doors closed and the four of them trundled downward once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, hello, Reg,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, looking around at the sound of steady dripping from Ron\rquote s robes. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t your wife in for question\-ing today? Er \emdash  what\rquote s happened to you? Why are you so wet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yaxley\rquote s office is raining,\rdblquote  said Ron. He addressed Mr. Weasley\rquote s shoulder, and Harry felt sure he was scared that his father might rec\-ognize him if they looked directly into each other\rquote s eyes. \ldblquote I couldn\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033 stop it, so they\rquote ve sent me to get Bernie \emdash  Pillsworth, I think they said \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, a lot of offices have been raining lately,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Did you try Meteolojinx Recanto? It worked for Bletchley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Meteolojinx Recanto?\rdblquote  whispered Ron. \ldblquote No, I didn\rquote t. Thanks, D \emdash  I mean, thanks, Arthur.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The lift doors opened; the old witch with the anthill hair left, and Ron darted past her out of sight. Harry made to follow him, but found his path blocked as Percy Weasley strode into the lift, his nose buried in some papers he was reading.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Not until the doors had clanged shut again did Percy realize he was in a lift with his father. He glanced up, saw Mr. Weasley, turned radish red, and left the lift the moment the doors opened again. For the second time, Harry tried to get out, but this time found his way blocked by Mr. Weasley\rquote s arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One moment, Runcorn.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The lift doors closed and as they clanked down another floor, Mr. Weasley said, \ldblquote I hear you laid information about Dirk Cresswell.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had the impression that Mr. Weasley\rquote s anger was no less because of the brush with Percy. He decided his best chance was to act stupid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry?\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t pretend, Runcorn,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley fiercely. \ldblquote You tracked down the wizard who faked his family tree, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  so what if I did?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So Dirk Cresswell is ten times the wizard you are,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley quietly, as the lift sank ever lower. \ldblquote And if he survives Az\-kaban, you\rquote ll have to answer to him, not to mention his wife, his sons, and his friends \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur,\rdblquote  Harry interrupted, \ldblquote you know you\rquote re being tracked, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is that a threat, Runcorn?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote it\rquote s a fact! They\rquote re watching your every move \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The lift doors opened. They had reached the Atrium. Mr. Weasley gave Harry a scathing look and swept from the lift. Harry stood there, shaken. He wished he was impersonating somebody other than Runcorn. \'85 The lift doors clanged shut.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled out the Invisibility Cloak and put it back on. He would try to extricate Hermione on his own while Ron was dealing with the raining office. When the doors opened, he stepped out into a torch-lit stone passageway quite different from the wood-paneled and carpeted corridors above. As the lift rattled away again, Harry shivered slightly, looking toward the distant black door that marked the entrance to the Department of Mysteries.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He set off, his destination not the black door, but the doorway he remembered on the left-hand side, which opened onto the flight of stairs down to the court chambers. His mind grappled with pos\-sibilities as he crept down them: He still had a couple of Decoy Detonators, but perhaps it would be better to simply knock on the courtroom door, enter as Runcorn, and ask for a quick word with Mafalda? Of course, he did not know whether Runcorn was suf\-ficiently important to get away with this, and even if he managed it, Hermione\rquote s non-reappearance might trigger a search before they were clear of the Ministry. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lost in thought, he did not immediately register the unnatural chill that was creeping over him, as if he were descending into fog. It was becoming colder and colder with every step he took: a cold\lang3081  \lang1033 that reached right down into his throat and tore at his lungs. And then he felt that stealing sense of despair, of hopelessness, filling him, expanding inside him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Dementors,\i0  he thought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And as he reached the foot of the stairs and turned to his right he saw a dreadful scene. The dark passage outside the courtrooms was packed with tall, black-hooded figures, their faces completely hid\-den, their ragged breathing the only sound in the place. The petrified Muggle-borns brought in for questioning sat huddled and shivering on hard wooden benches. Most of them were hiding their faces in their hands, perhaps in an instinctive attempt to shield themselves from the dementors\rquote  greedy mouths. Some were accompanied by families, others sat alone. The dementors were gliding up and down in front of them, and the cold, and the hopelessness, and the despair of the place laid themselves upon Harry like a curse. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Fight it,\i0  he told himself, but he knew that he could not conjure a Patronus here without revealing himself instantly. So he moved forward as silently as he could, and with every step he took numb\-ness seemed to steal over his brain, but he forced himself to think of Hermione and of Ron, who needed him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Moving through the towering black figures was terrifying: The eyeless faces hidden beneath their hoods turned as he passed, and he felt sure that they sensed him, sensed, perhaps, a human presence that still had some hope, some resilience. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, abruptly and shockingly amid the frozen silence, one of the dungeon doors on the left of the corridor was flung open and screams echoed out of it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, I\rquote m half-blood, I\rquote m half-blood, I tell you! My father was a wizard, he \i was,\i0  look him up, Arkie Alderton, he\rquote s a well-known\lang3081  \lang1033 broomstick designer, look him up, I tell you \emdash  get your hands off me, get your hands off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is your final warning,\rdblquote  said Umbridge\rquote s soft voice, magi\-cally magnified so that it sounded clearly over the man\rquote s desperate screams. \ldblquote If you struggle, you will be subjected to the Dementor\rquote s Kiss.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The man\rquote s screams subsided, but dry sobs echoed through the corridor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take him away,\rdblquote  said Umbridge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Two dementors appeared in the doorway of the courtroom, their rotting, scabbed hands clutching the upper arms of a wizard who appeared to be fainting. They glided away down the corridor with him, and the darkness they trailed behind them swallowed him from sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Next \emdash  Mary Cattermole,\rdblquote  called Umbridge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A small woman stood up; she was trembling from head to foot. Her dark hair was smoothed back into a bun and she wore long, plain robes. Her face was completely bloodless. As she passed the dementors, Harry saw her shudder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did it instinctively, without any sort of plan, because he hated the sight of her walking alone into the dungeon: As the door began to swing closed, he slipped into the courtroom behind her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was not the same room in which he had once been interrogated for improper use of magic. This one was much smaller, though the ceiling was quite as high; it gave the claustrophobic sense of being stuck at the bottom of a deep well.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were more dementors in here, casting their freezing aura over the place; they stood like faceless sentinels in the corners far\-thest from the high, raised platform. Here, behind a balustrade, sat\lang3081  \lang1033 Umbridge, with Yaxley on one side of her, and Hermione, quite as white-faced as Mrs. Cattermole, on the other. At the foot of the platform, a bright-silver, long-haired cat prowled up and down, up and down, and Harry realized that it was there to protect the pros\-ecutors from the despair that emanated from the dementors: That was for the accused to feel, not the accusers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sit down,\rdblquote  said Umbridge in her soft, silky voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Cattermole stumbled to the single seat in the middle of the floor beneath the raised platform. The moment she had sat down, chains clinked out of the arms of the chair and bound her there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are Mary Elizabeth Cattermole?\rdblquote  asked Umbridge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Cattermole gave a single, shaky nod.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Married to Reginald Cattermole of the Magical Maintenance Department?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Cattermole burst into tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know where he is, he was supposed to meet me here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge ignored her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mother to Maisie, Ellie, and Alfred Cattermole?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Cattermole sobbed harder than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re frightened, they think I might not come home \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Spare us,\rdblquote  spat Yaxley. \ldblquote The brats of Mudbloods do not stir our sympathies.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Cattermole\rquote s sobs masked Harry\rquote s footsteps as he made his way carefully toward the steps that led up to the raised platform. The moment he had passed the place where the Patronus cat patrolled, he felt the change in temperature: It was warm and comfortable here. The Patronus, he was sure, was Umbridge\rquote s, and it glowed brightly because she was so happy here, in her element, upholding the twisted laws she had helped to write. Slowly and very carefully he edged\lang3081  \lang1033 his way along the platform behind Umbridge, Yaxley, and Hermi\-one, taking a seat behind the latter. He was worried about making Hermione jump. He thought of casting the \i Muffliato\i0  charm upon Umbridge and Yaxley, but even murmuring the word might cause Hermione alarm. Then Umbridge raised her voice to address Mrs. Cattermole, and Harry seized his chance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m behind you,\rdblquote  he whispered into Hermione\rquote s ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As he had expected, she jumped so violently she nearly overturned the bottle of ink with which she was supposed to be recording the interview, but both Umbridge and Yaxley were concentrating upon Mrs. Cattermole, and this went unnoticed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A wand was taken from you upon your arrival at the Ministry today, Mrs. Cattermole,\rdblquote  Umbridge was saying. \ldblquote Eight-and-three-quarter inches, cherry, unicorn-hair core. Do you recognize that description?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Cattermole nodded, mopping her eyes on her sleeve.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Could you please tell us from which witch or wizard you took that wand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote T-took?\rdblquote  sobbed Mrs. Cattermole. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t t-take it from any\-body. I b-bought it when I was eleven years old. It \emdash  it \emdash  it \emdash  \i chose\i0  me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She cried harder than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge laughed a soft girlish laugh that made Harry want to attack her. She leaned forward over the barrier, the better to observe her victim, and something gold swung forward too, and dangled over the void: the locket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione had seen it; she let out a little squeak, but Umbridge and Yaxley, still intent upon their prey, were deaf to everything else.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Umbridge, \ldblquote no, I don\rquote t think so, Mrs. Cattermole. Wands only choose witches or wizards. You are not a witch. I have your responses to the questionnaire that was sent to you here \emdash  Mafalda, pass them to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Umbridge held out a small hand: She looked so toadlike at that moment that Harry was quite surprised not to see webs between the stubby fingers. Hermione\rquote s hands were shaking with shock. She fumbled in a pile of documents balanced on the chair beside her, finally withdrawing a sheaf of parchment with Mrs. Cattermole\rquote s name on it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s \emdash  that\rquote s pretty, Dolores,\rdblquote  she said, pointing at the pen\-dant gleaming in the ruffled folds of Umbridge\rquote s blouse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  snapped Umbridge, glancing down. \ldblquote Oh yes \emdash  an old family heirloom,\rdblquote  she said, patting the locket lying on her large bo\-som. \ldblquote The \i S\i0  stands for Selwyn. \'85 I am related to the Selwyns. \'85 Indeed, there are few pure-blood families to whom I am not related. \'85 A pity,\rdblquote  she continued in a louder voice, flicking through Mrs. Cattermole\rquote s questionnaire, \ldblquote that the same cannot be said for you. \lquote\i Parents\i0\rquote\i  professions: greengrocers.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yaxley laughed jeeringly. Below, the fluffy silver cat patrolled up and down, and the dementors stood waiting in the corners.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Umbridge\rquote s lie that brought the blood surging into Harry\rquote s brain and obliterated his sense of caution \emdash  that the locket she had taken as a bribe from a petty criminal was being used to bol\-ster her own pure-blood credentials. He raised his wand, not even troubling to keep it concealed beneath the Invisibility Cloak, and said, \ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a flash of red light; Umbridge crumpled and her fore\-head hit the edge of the balustrade: Mrs. Cattermole\rquote s papers slid\lang3081  \lang1033 off her lap onto the floor and, down below, the prowling silver cat vanished. Ice-cold air hit them like an oncoming wind: Yaxley, con\-fused, looked around for the source of the trouble and saw Harry\rquote s disembodied hand and wand pointing at him. He tried to draw his own wand, but too late: \ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yaxley slid to the ground to lie curled on the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, if you think I was going to sit here and let her pretend \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, Mrs. Cattermole!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry whirled around, throwing off the Invisibility Cloak; down below, the dementors had moved out of their corners; they were gliding toward the woman chained to the chair: Whether because the Patronus had vanished or because they sensed that their masters were no longer in control, they seemed to have abandoned restraint. Mrs. Cattermole let out a terrible scream of fear as a slimy, scabbed hand grasped her chin and forced her face back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i EXPECTO PATRONUM\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The silver stag soared from the tip of Harry\rquote s wand and leaped toward the dementors, which fell back and melted into the dark shadows again. The stag\rquote s light, more powerful and more warming than the cat\rquote s protection, filled the whole dungeon as it cantered around and around the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get the Horcrux,\rdblquote  Harry told Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He ran back down the steps, stuffing the Invisibility Cloak back into his bag, and approached Mrs. Cattermole.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You?\rdblquote  she whispered, gazing into his face. \ldblquote But \emdash  but Reg said you were the one who submitted my name for questioning!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did I?\rdblquote  muttered Harry, tugging at the chains binding her arms.\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote ve had a change of heart. \i Diffindo\i0 !\rdblquote  Nothing happened. \ldblquote Hermione, how do I get rid of these chains?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait, I\rquote m trying something up here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, we\rquote re surrounded by dementors!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know that, Harry, but if she wakes up and the locket\rquote s gone \emdash  I need to duplicate it \emdash  \i Geminio\i0 ! There \'85 That should fool her. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione came running downstairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s see. \'85 \i Relashio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The chains clinked and withdrew into the arms of the chair. Mrs. Cattermole looked just as frightened as ever before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t understand,\rdblquote  she whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re going to leave here with us,\rdblquote  said Harry, pulling her to her feet. \ldblquote Go home, grab your children, and get out, get out of the country if you\rquote ve got to. Disguise yourselves and run. You\rquote ve seen how it is, you won\rquote t get anything like a fair hearing here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote how are we going to get out of here with all those dementors outside the door?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Patronuses,\rdblquote  said Harry, pointing his wand at his own: The stag slowed and walked, still gleaming brightly, toward the door. \ldblquote As many as we can muster; do yours, Hermione.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expec \i0\emdash  \i Expecto patronum,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione. Nothing hap\-pened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s the only spell she ever has trouble with,\rdblquote  Harry told a com\-pletely bemused Mrs. Cattermole. \ldblquote Bit unfortunate, really\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Come on, Hermione. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expecto patronum\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A silver otter burst from the end of Hermione\rquote s wand and swam gracefully through the air to join the stag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C\rquote mon,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he led Hermione and Mrs. Cattermole to the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When the Patronuses glided out of the dungeon there were cries of shock from the people waiting outside. Harry looked around; the dementors were falling back on both sides of them, melding into the darkness, scattering before the silver creatures.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s been decided that you should all go home and go into hiding with your families,\rdblquote  Harry told the waiting Muggle-borns, who were dazzled by the light of the Patronuses and still cowering slightly. \ldblquote Go abroad if you can. Just get well away from the Ministry. That\rquote s the \emdash  er \emdash  new official position. Now, if you\rquote ll just follow the Pa\-tronuses, you\rquote ll be able to leave from the Atrium.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They managed to get up the stone steps without being intercepted, but as they approached the lifts Harry started to have misgivings. If they emerged into the Atrium with a silver stag, an otter soaring alongside it, and twenty or so people, half of them accused Muggle-borns, he could not help feeling that they would attract unwanted attention. He had just reached this unwelcome conclusion when the lift clanged to a halt in front of them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Reg!\rdblquote  screamed Mrs. Cattermole, and she threw herself into Ron\rquote s arms. \ldblquote Runcorn let me out, he attacked Umbridge and Yaxley, and he\rquote s told all of us to leave the country, I think we\rquote d better do it, Reg, I really do, let\rquote s hurry home and fetch the children and \emdash  why are you so wet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Water,\rdblquote  muttered Ron, disengaging himself. \ldblquote Harry, they know there are intruders inside the Ministry, something about a hole in Umbridge\rquote s office door, I reckon we\rquote ve got five minutes if that \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s Patronus vanished with a \i pop\i0  as she turned a horror-struck face to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, if we\rquote re trapped here \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We won\rquote t be if we move fast,\rdblquote  said Harry. He addressed the silent group behind them, who were all gawping at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s got wands?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 About half of them raised their hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, all of you who haven\rquote t got wands need to attach yourself to somebody who has. We\rquote ll need to be fast before they stop us. Come on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They managed to cram themselves into two lifts. Harry\rquote s Patro\-nus stood sentinel before the golden grilles as they shut and the lifts began to rise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Level eight,\rdblquote  said the witch\rquote s cool voice, \ldblquote Atrium.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry knew at once that they were in trouble. The Atrium was full of people moving from fireplace to fireplace, sealing them off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  squeaked Hermione. \ldblquote What are we going to \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote STOP!\rdblquote  Harry thundered, and the powerful voice of Runcorn echoed through the Atrium: The wizards sealing the fireplaces froze. \ldblquote Follow me,\rdblquote  he whispered to the group of terrified Muggle-borns, who moved forward in a huddle, shepherded by Ron and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s up, Albert?\rdblquote  said the same balding wizard who had fol\-lowed Harry out of the fireplace earlier. He looked nervous.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This lot need to leave before you seal the exits,\rdblquote  said Harry with all the authority he could muster.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The group of wizards in front of him looked at one another.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve been told to seal all exits and not let anyone \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Are\lang3081  \lang1033 you contradicting me\i0 ?\rdblquote  Harry blustered. \ldblquote Would you like me to have your family tree examined, like I had Dirk Cresswell\rquote s?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry!\rdblquote  gasped the balding wizard, backing away. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean\lang3081  \lang1033 nothing, Albert, but I thought\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I thought they were in for ques\-tioning and \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Their blood is pure,\rdblquote  said Harry, and his deep voice echoed im\-pressively through the hall. \ldblquote Purer than many of yours, I daresay. Off you go,\rdblquote  he boomed to the Muggle-borns, who scurried forward into the fireplaces and began to vanish in pairs. The Ministry wiz\-ards hung back, some looking confused, others scared and resent\-ful. Then:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mary!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Cattermole looked over her shoulder. The real Reg Catter\-mole, no longer vomiting but pale and wan, had just come running out of a lift.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote R-Reg?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked from her husband to Ron, who swore loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The balding wizard gaped, his head turning ludicrously from one Reg Cattermole to the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey \emdash  what\rquote s going on? What is this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seal the exit! SEAL IT!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yaxley had burst out of another lift and was running toward the group beside the fireplaces, into which all of the Muggle-borns but Mrs. Cattermole had now vanished. As the balding wizard lifted his wand, Harry raised an enormous fist and punched him, sending him flying through the air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s been helping Muggle-borns escape, Yaxley!\rdblquote  Harry shouted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The balding wizard\rquote s colleagues set up an uproar, under cover of which Ron grabbed Mrs. Cattermole, pulled her into the still-open fireplace, and disappeared. Confused, Yaxley looked from Harry to\lang3081  \lang1033 the punched wizard, while the real Reg Cattermole screamed, \ldblquote My wife! Who was that with my wife? What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw Yaxley\rquote s head turn, saw an inkling of the truth dawn in that brutish face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on!\rdblquote  Harry shouted at Hermione; he seized her hand and they jumped into the fireplace together as Yaxley\rquote s curse sailed over Harry\rquote s head. They spun for a few seconds before shooting up out of a toilet into a cubicle. Harry flung open the door; Ron was standing there beside the sinks, still wrestling with Mrs. Cattermole.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Reg, I don\rquote t understand \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let go, I\rquote m not your husband, you\rquote ve got to go home!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a noise in the cubicle behind them; Harry looked around; Yaxley had just appeared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote LET\rquote S GO!\rdblquote  Harry yelled. He seized Hermione by the hand and Ron by the arm and turned on the spot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Darkness engulfed them, along with the sensation of compressing bands, but something was wrong. \'85 Hermione\rquote s hand seemed to be sliding out of his grip. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He wondered whether he was going to suffocate; he could not breathe or see and the only solid things in the world were Ron\rquote s arm and Hermione\rquote s fingers, which were slowly slipping away. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then he saw the door of number twelve, Grimmauld Place, with its serpent door knocker, but before he could draw breath, there was a scream and a flash of purple light; Hermione\rquote s hand was sud\-denly vicelike upon his and everything went dark again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 14\par
\pard\qc The Thief\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry opened his eyes and was dazzled by gold and green; he had no idea what had happened, he only knew that he was lying on what seemed to be leaves and twigs. Struggling to draw breath into lungs that felt flattened, he blinked and realized that the gaudy glare was sunlight streaming through a canopy of leaves far above him. Then an object twitched close to his face. He pushed himself onto his hands and knees, ready to face some small, fierce creature, but saw that the object was Ron\rquote s foot. Looking around, Harry saw that they and Hermione were lying on a forest floor, apparently alone.\par
Harry\rquote s first thought was of the Forbidden Forest, and for a mo\-ment, even though he knew how foolish and dangerous it would be for them to appear in the grounds of Hogwarts, his heart leapt at the thought of sneaking through the trees to Hagrid\rquote s hut. How\-ever, in the few moments it took for Ron to give a low groan and Harry to start crawling toward him, he realized that this was not the\lang3081  \lang1033 Forbidden Forest: The trees looked younger, they were more widely spaced, the ground clearer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He met Hermione, also on her hands and knees, at Ron\rquote s head. The moment his eyes fell upon Ron, all other concerns fled Harry\rquote s mind, for blood drenched the whole of Ron\rquote s left side and his face stood out, grayish-white, against the leaf-strewn earth. The Polyjuice Potion was wearing off now: Ron was halfway between Cattermole and himself in appearance, his hair turning redder and redder as his face drained of the little color it had left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s happened to him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Splinched,\rdblquote  said Hermione, her fingers already busy at Ron\rquote s sleeve, where the blood was wettest and darkest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry watched, horrified, as she tore open Ron\rquote s shirt. He had always thought of Splinching as something comical, but this \'85 His insides crawled unpleasantly as Hermione laid bare Ron\rquote s up\-per arm, where a great chunk of flesh was missing, scooped cleanly away as though by a knife.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, quickly, in my bag, there\rquote s a small bottle labeled \lquote Essence of Dittany\rquote\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bag \emdash  right \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sped to the place where Hermione had landed, seized the tiny beaded bag, and thrust his hand inside it. At once, object after object began presenting itself to his touch: He felt the leather spines of books, woolly sleeves of jumpers, heels of shoes \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Quickly\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He grabbed his wand from the ground and pointed it into the depths of the magical bag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Accio Dittany\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A small brown bottle zoomed out of the bag; he caught it and\lang3081  \lang1033 hastened back to Hermione and Ron, whose eyes were now half-closed, strips of white eyeball all that were visible between his lids.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s fainted,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who was also rather pale; she no longer looked like Mafalda, though her hair was still gray in places. \ldblquote Unstopper it for me, Harry, my hands are shaking.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry wrenched the stopper off the little bottle, Hermione took it and poured three drops of the potion onto the bleeding wound. Greenish smoke billowed upward and when it had cleared, Harry saw that the bleeding had stopped. The wound now looked several days old; new skin stretched over what had just been open flesh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wow,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all I feel safe doing,\rdblquote  said Hermione shakily. \ldblquote There are spells that would put him completely right, but I daren\rquote t try in case I do them wrong and cause more damage. \'85 He\rquote s lost so much blood already. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did he get hurt? I mean\rdblquote  \emdash  Harry shook his head, trying to clear it, to make sense of whatever had just taken place \emdash  \ldblquote why are we here? I thought we were going back to Grimmauld Place?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione took a deep breath. She looked close to tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I don\rquote t think we\rquote re going to be able to go back there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\lang3081  \lang1033 d\rquote you \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As we Disapparated, Yaxley caught hold of me and I couldn\rquote t get rid of him, he was too strong, and he was still holding on when we arrived at Grimmauld Place, and then \emdash  well, I think he must have seen the door, and thought we were stopping there, so he slackened his grip and I managed to shake him off and I brought us here instead!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then, where\rquote s he? Hang on. \'85 You don\rquote t mean he\rquote s at Grim\-mauld Place? He can\rquote t get in there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her eyes sparkled with unshed tears as she nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I think he can. I \emdash  I forced him to let go with a Revul\-sion Jinx, but I\rquote d already taken him inside the Fidelius Charm\rquote s protection. Since Dumbledore died, we\rquote re Secret-Keepers, so I\rquote ve given him the secret, haven\rquote t I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no pretending; Harry was sure she was right. It was a serious blow. If Yaxley could now get inside the house, there was no way that they could return. Even now, he could be bringing other Death Eaters in there by Apparition. Gloomy and oppressive though the house was, it had been their one safe refuge: even, now that Kreacher was so much happier and friendlier, a kind of home. With a twinge of regret that had nothing to do with food, Harry imagined the house-elf busying himself over the steak-and-kidney pie that Harry, Ron, and Hermione would never eat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote m sorry, I\rquote m so sorry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be stupid, it wasn\rquote t your fault! If anything, it was mine. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry put his hand in his pocket and drew out Mad-Eye\rquote s eye. Hermione recoiled, looking horrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Umbridge had stuck it to her office door, to spy on people. I couldn\rquote t leave it there \'85 but that\rquote s how they knew there were intruders.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before Hermione could answer, Ron groaned and opened his eyes. He was still gray and his face glistened with sweat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you feel?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lousy,\rdblquote  croaked Ron, wincing as he felt his injured arm. \ldblquote Where are we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In the woods where they held the Quidditch World Cup,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I wanted somewhere enclosed, undercover, and this was \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  the first place you thought of,\rdblquote  Harry finished for her, glanc\-ing around at the apparently deserted glade. He could not help re\-membering what had happened the last time they had Apparated to the first place Hermione had thought of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  how Death Eaters had found them within minutes. Had it been Legilimency? Did Voldemort or his henchmen know, even now, where Hermione had taken them?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you reckon we should move on?\rdblquote  Ron asked Harry, and Harry could tell by the look on Ron\rquote s face that he was thinking the same.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron still looked pale and clammy. He had made no attempt to sit up and it looked as though he was too weak to do so. The prospect of moving him was daunting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s stay here for now,\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Looking relieved, Hermione sprang to her feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are you going?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If we\rquote re staying, we should put some protective enchantments around the place,\rdblquote  she replied, and raising her wand, she began to walk in a wide circle around Harry and Ron, murmuring in\-cantations as she went. Harry saw little disturbances in the sur\-rounding air: It was as if Hermione had cast a heat haze upon their clearing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Salvio Hexia\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Protego Totalum \'85 Repello Muggletum \'85 Muffliato\i0  \i\'85 \i0 You could get out the tent, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tent?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In the bag!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In the \'85 of course,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not bother to grope inside it this time, but used another\lang3081  \lang1033 Summoning Charm. The tent emerged in a lumpy mass of canvas, rope, and poles. Harry recognized it, partly because of the smell of cats, as the same tent in which they had slept on the night of the Quidditch World Cup.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought this belonged to that bloke Perkins at the Ministry?\rdblquote  he asked, starting to disentangle the tent pegs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Apparently he didn\rquote t want it back, his lumbago\rquote s so bad,\rdblquote  said Hermione, now performing complicated figure-of-eight movements with her wand, \ldblquote so Ron\rquote s dad said I could borrow it. \i Erecto\i0 !\rdblquote  she added, pointing her wand at the misshapen canvas, which in one fluid motion rose into the air and settled, fully constructed, onto the ground before Harry, out of whose startled hands a tent peg soared, to land with a final thud at the end of a guy rope.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Cave Inimicum,\i0\rdblquote  Hermione finished with a skyward flourish. \ldblquote That\rquote s as much as I can do. At the very least, we should know they\rquote re coming, I can\rquote t guarantee it will keep out Vol \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t say the name!\rdblquote  Ron cut across her, his voice harsh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione looked at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  Ron said, moaning a little as he raised himself to look at them, \ldblquote but it feels like a \emdash  a jinx or something. Can\rquote t we call him You-Know-Who \emdash  please?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore said fear of a name \emdash\rdblquote  began Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In case you hadn\rquote t noticed, mate, calling You-Know-Who by his name didn\rquote t do Dumbledore much good in the end,\rdblquote  Ron snapped back. \ldblquote Just \emdash  just show You-Know-Who some respect, will you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Respect\i0 ?\rdblquote  Harry repeated, but Hermione shot him a warning look; apparently he was not to argue with Ron while the latter was in such a weakened condition.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione half carried, half dragged Ron through\lang3081  \lang1033 the entrance of the tent. The interior was exactly as Harry remem\-bered it: a small flat, complete with bathroom and tiny kitchen. He shoved aside an old armchair and lowered Ron carefully onto the lower berth of a bunk bed. Even this very short journey had turned Ron whiter still, and once they had settled him on the mattress he closed his eyes again and did not speak for a while.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll make some tea,\rdblquote  said Hermione breathlessly, pulling kettle and mugs from the depths of her bag and heading toward the kitchen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry found the hot drink as welcome as the firewhisky had been on the night that Mad-Eye had died; it seemed to burn away a little of the fear fluttering in his chest. After a minute or two, Ron broke the silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon happened to the Cattermoles?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote With any luck, they\rquote ll have got away,\rdblquote  said Hermione, clutching her hot mug for comfort. \ldblquote As long as Mr. Cattermole had his wits about him, he\rquote ll have transported Mrs. Cattermole by Side-Along-Apparition and they\rquote ll be fleeing the country right now with their children. That\rquote s what Harry told her to do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, I hope they escaped,\rdblquote  said Ron, leaning back on his pillows. The tea seemed to be doing him good; a little of his color had returned. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t get the feeling Reg Cattermole was all that quick-witted, though, the way everyone was talking to me when I was him. God, I hope they made it. \'85 If they both end up in Az\-kaban because of us \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked over at Hermione and the question he had been about to ask \emdash  about whether Mrs. Cattermole\rquote s lack of a wand would prevent her Apparating alongside her husband \emdash  died in his throat. Hermione was watching Ron fret over the fate of the Cattermoles, and there was such tenderness in her expression that\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry felt almost as if he had surprised her in the act of kissing him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, have you got it?\rdblquote  Harry asked her, partly to remind her that he was there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Got \emdash  got what?\rdblquote  she said with a little start.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did we just go through all that for? The locket! Where\rquote s the locket?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You got it\i0 ?\rdblquote  shouted Ron, raising himself a little higher on his pillows. \ldblquote No one tells me anything! Blimey, you could have men\-tioned it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we were running for our lives from the Death Eaters, weren\rquote t we?\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she pulled the locket out of the pocket of her robes and handed it to Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was as large as a chicken\rquote s egg. An ornate letter \i S,\i0  inlaid with many small green stones, glinted dully in the diffused light shining through the tent\rquote s canvas roof.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There isn\rquote t any chance someone\rquote s destroyed it since Kreacher had it?\rdblquote  asked Ron hopefully. \lang3081\ldblquote I \lang1033 mean, are we sure it\rquote s still a Horcrux?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think so,\rdblquote  said Hermione, taking it back from him and looking at it closely. \ldblquote There\rquote d be some sign of damage if it had been magi\-cally destroyed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She passed it to Harry, who turned it over in his fingers. The thing looked perfect, pristine. He remembered the mangled remains of the diary, and how the stone in the Horcrux ring had been cracked open when Dumbledore destroyed it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I reckon Kreacher\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We\rquote re going to have to work out how to open this thing before we can destroy it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sudden awareness of what he was holding, of what lived behind the little golden doors, hit Harry as he spoke. Even after all their efforts to find it, he felt a violent urge to fling the locket from him. Mastering himself again, he tried to prise the locket apart with his fingers, then attempted the charm Hermione had used to open Regulus\rquote s bedroom door. Neither worked. He handed the locket back to Ron and Hermione, each of whom did their best, but were no more successful at opening it than he had been.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you feel it, though?\rdblquote  Ron asked in a hushed voice, as he held it tight in his clenched fist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron passed the Horcrux to Harry. After a moment or two, Harry thought he knew what Ron meant. Was it his own blood pulsing through his veins that he could feel, or was it something beating inside the locket, like a tiny metal heart?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are we going to do with it?\rdblquote  Hermione asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Keep it safe till we work out how to destroy it,\rdblquote  Harry replied, and, little though he wanted to, he hung the chain around his own neck, dropping the locket out of sight beneath his robes, where it rested against his chest beside the pouch Hagrid had given him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we should take it in turns to keep watch outside the tent,\rdblquote  he added to Hermione, standing up and stretching. \ldblquote And we\rquote ll need to think about some food as well. You stay there,\rdblquote  he added sharply, as Ron attempted to sit up and turned a nasty shade of green.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With the Sneakoscope Hermione had given Harry for his birth\-day set carefully upon the table in the tent, Harry and Hermione spent the rest of the day sharing the role of lookout. However, the Sneakoscope remained silent and still upon its point all day, and whether because of the protective enchantments and Muggle-repelling charms Hermione had spread around them, or because people rarely ventured this way, their patch of wood remained de\-serted, apart from occasional birds and squirrels. Evening brought no change; Harry lit his wand as he swapped places with Hermione at ten o\rquote clock, and looked out upon a deserted scene, noting the bats fluttering high above him across the single patch of starry sky visible from their protected clearing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt hungry now, and a little light-headed. Hermione had not packed any food in her magical bag, as she had assumed that they would be returning to Grimmauld Place that night, so they had had nothing to eat except some wild mushrooms that Hermi\-one had collected from amongst the nearest trees and stewed in a billycan. After a couple of mouthfuls Ron had pushed his portion away, looking queasy; Harry had only persevered so as not to hurt Hermione\rquote s feelings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The surrounding silence was broken by odd rustlings and what sounded like crackings of twigs: Harry thought that they were caused by animals rather than people, yet he kept his wand held tight at the ready. His insides, already uncomfortable due to their inadequate helping of rubbery mushrooms, tingled with unease.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had thought that he would feel elated if they managed to steal back the Horcrux, but somehow he did not; all he felt as he sat look\-ing out at the darkness, of which his wand lit only a tiny part, was worry about what would happen next. It was as though he had been hurtling toward this point for weeks, months, maybe even years, but now he had come to an abrupt halt, run out of road.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were other Horcruxes out there somewhere, but he did not have the faintest idea where they could be. He did not even know what all of them were. Meanwhile he was at a loss to know how to\lang3081  \lang1033 destroy the only one that they had found, the Horcrux that cur\-rently lay against the bare flesh of his chest. Curiously, it had not taken heat from his body, but lay so cold against his skin it might just have emerged from icy water. From time to time Harry thought, or perhaps imagined, that he could feel the tiny heartbeat ticking irregularly alongside his own.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nameless forebodings crept upon him as he sat there in the dark: He tried to resist them, push them away, yet they came at him relent\-lessly. \i Neither can live while the other survives.\i0  Ron and Hermione, now talking softly behind him in the tent, could walk away if they wanted to: He could not. And it seemed to Harry as he sat there trying to master his own fear and exhaustion, that the Horcrux against his chest was ticking away the time he had left. \'85 \i Stupid idea,\i0  he told himself, \i don\rquote t think that. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 His scar was starting to prickle again. He was afraid that he was making it happen by having these thoughts, and tried to direct them into another channel. He thought of poor Kreacher, who had expected them home and had received Yaxley instead. Would the elf keep silent or would he tell the Death Eater everything he knew? Harry wanted to believe that Kreacher had changed toward him in the past month, that he would be loyal now, but who knew what would happen? What if the Death Eaters tortured the elf? Sick im\-ages swarmed into Harry\rquote s head and he tried to push these away too, for there was nothing he could do for Kreacher: He and Hermione had already decided against trying to summon him; what if some\-one from the Ministry came too? They could not count on elfish Apparition being free from the same flaw that had taken Yaxley to Grimmauld Place on the hem of Hermione\rquote s sleeve.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s scar was burning now. He thought that there was so much\lang3081  \lang1033 they did not know: Lupin had been right about magic they had never encountered or imagined. Why hadn\rquote t Dumbledore explained more? Had he thought that there would be time; that he would live for years, for centuries perhaps, like his friend Nicolas Flamel? If so, he had been wrong. \'85 Snape had seen to that. \'85 Snape, the sleeping snake, who had struck at the top of the tower \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Dumbledore had fallen \'85 fallen \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Give it to me, Gregorovitch.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s voice was high, clear, and cold, his wand held in front of him by a long-fingered white hand. The man at whom he was pointing was suspended upside down in midair, though there were no ropes holding him; he swung there, invisibly and eerily bound, his limbs wrapped about him, his terrified face, on a level with Harry\rquote s, ruddy due to the blood that had rushed to his head. He had pure-white hair and a thick, bushy beard: a trussed-up Father Christmas.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have it not, I have it no more! It was, many years ago, stolen from me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do not lie to Lord Voldemort, Gregorovitch. He knows. \'85 He always knows.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The hanging man\rquote s pupils were wide, dilated with fear, and they seemed to swell, bigger and bigger until their blackness swallowed Harry whole \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now Harry was hurrying along a dark corridor in stout little Gregorovitch\rquote s wake as he held a lantern aloft: Gregorovitch burst into the room at the end of the passage and his lantern illuminated what looked like a workshop; wood shavings and gold gleamed in the swinging pool of light, and there on the window ledge sat perched, like a giant bird, a young man with golden hair. In the\lang3081  \lang1033 split second that the lantern\rquote s light illuminated him, Harry saw the delight upon his handsome face, then the intruder shot a Stunning Spell from his wand and jumped neatly backward out of the window with a crow of laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Harry was hurtling back out of those wide, tunnellike pupils and Gregorovitch\rquote s face was stricken with terror.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Who was the thief, Gregorovitch\i0 ?\rdblquote  said the high cold voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i I do not know, I never knew, a young man \i0\emdash  \i no \i0\emdash\lang3081  \lang1033\i please \i0\emdash  \i PLEASE\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A scream that went on and on and then a burst of green light \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Harry\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened his eyes, panting, his forehead throbbing. He had passed out against the side of the tent, had slid sideways down the canvas, and was sprawled on the ground. He looked up at Hermi\-one, whose bushy hair obscured the tiny patch of sky visible through the dark branches high above them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dream,\rdblquote  he said, sitting up quickly and attempting to meet Hermione\rquote s glower with a look of innocence. \ldblquote Must\rquote ve dozed off, sorry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know it was your scar! I can tell by the look on your face! You were looking into Vol \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t say his name!\rdblquote  came Ron\rquote s angry voice from the depths of the tent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Fine,\i0\rdblquote  retorted Hermione. \ldblquote\i You-Know-Who\rquote s\i0  mind, then!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean it to happen!\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote It was a dream! Can \i you\i0  control what you dream about, Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you just learned to apply Occlumency \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry was not interested in being told off; he wanted to dis\-cuss what he had just seen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s found Gregorovitch, Hermione, and I think he\rquote s killed him, but before he killed him he read Gregorovitch\rquote s mind and I saw \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think I\rquote d better take over the watch if you\rquote re so tired you\rquote re falling asleep,\rdblquote  said Hermione coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can finish the watch!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, you\rquote re obviously exhausted. Go and lie down.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She dropped down in the mouth of the tent, looking stubborn. Angry, but wishing to avoid a row, Harry ducked back inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s still-pale face was poking out from the lower bunk; Harry climbed into the one above him, lay down, and looked up at the dark canvas ceiling. After several moments, Ron spoke in a voice so low that it would not carry to Hermione, huddled in the entrance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s You-Know-Who doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry screwed up his eyes in the effort to remember every detail, then whispered into the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He found Gregorovitch. He had him tied up, he was torturing him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote s Gregorovitch supposed to make him a new wand if he\rquote s tied up?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno. \'85 It\rquote s weird, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry closed his eyes, thinking of all he had seen and heard. The more he recalled, the less sense it made. \'85 Voldemort had said nothing about Harry\rquote s wand, nothing about the twin cores, noth\-ing about Gregorovitch making a new and more powerful wand to beat Harry\rquote s. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He wanted something from Gregorovitch,\rdblquote  Harry said, eyes still closed tight. \ldblquote He asked him to hand it over, but Gregorovitch said it had been stolen from him \'85 and then \'85 then \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He remembered how he, as Voldemort, had seemed to hurtle through Gregorovitch\rquote s eyes, into his memories. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He read Gregorovitch\rquote s mind, and I saw this young bloke perched on a windowsill, and he fired a curse at Gregorovitch and jumped out of sight. He stole it, he stole whatever You-Know-Who\rquote s after. And I \'85 I think I\rquote ve seen him somewhere. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry wished he could have another glimpse of the laughing boy\rquote s face. The theft had happened many years ago, according to Gregorovitch. Why did the young thief look familiar?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The noises of the surrounding woods were muffled inside the tent; all Harry could hear was Ron\rquote s breathing. After a while, Ron whispered, \ldblquote Couldn\rquote t you see what the thief was holding?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85 it must\rquote ve been something small.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wooden slats of Ron\rquote s bunk creaked as he repositioned him\-self in bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you don\rquote t reckon You-Know-Who\rquote s after something else to turn into a Horcrux?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly. \ldblquote Maybe. But wouldn\rquote t it be dangerous for him to make another one? Didn\rquote t Hermione say he had pushed his soul to the limit already?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but maybe he doesn\rquote t know that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 maybe,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had been sure that Voldemort had been looking for a way around the problem of the twin cores, sure that Voldemort sought a solution from the old wandmaker \'85 and yet he had killed him, apparently without asking him a single question about wandlore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 What was Voldemort trying to find? Why, with the Ministry of Magic and the Wizarding world at his feet, was he far away, intent\lang3081  \lang1033 on the pursuit of an object that Gregorovitch had once owned, and which had been stolen by the unknown thief?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could still see the blond-haired youth\rquote s face; it was merry, wild; there was a Fred and George-ish air of triumphant trickery about him. He had soared from the windowsill like a bird, and Harry had seen him before, but he could not think where. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With Gregorovitch dead, it was the merry-faced thief who was in danger now, and it was on him that Harry\rquote s thoughts dwelled, as Ron\rquote s snores began to rumble from the lower bunk and as he himself drifted slowly into sleep once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 15\par
\pard\qc The Goblin\rquote s Revenge\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Early next morning, before the other two were awake, Harry left the tent to search the woods around them for the oldest, most gnarled, and resilient-looking tree he could find. There in its shadow he buried Mad-Eye Moody\rquote s eye and marked the spot by gouging a small cross in the bark with his wand. It was not much, but Harry felt that Mad-Eye would have much preferred this to being stuck on Dolores Umbridge\rquote s door. Then he returned to the tent to wait for the others to wake, and discuss what they were going to do next.\par
Harry and Hermione felt that it was best not to stay anywhere too long, and Ron agreed, with the sole proviso that their next move took them within reach of a bacon sandwich. Hermione therefore re\-moved the enchantments she had placed around the clearing, while Harry and Ron obliterated all the marks and impressions on the ground that might show they had camped there. Then they Disap\-parated to the outskirts of a small market town.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once they had pitched the tent in the shelter of a small copse of\lang3081  \lang1033 trees and surrounded it with freshly cast defensive enchantments, Harry ventured out under the Invisibility Cloak to find sustenance. This, however, did not go as planned. He had barely entered the town when an unnatural chill, a descending mist, and a sudden darkening of the skies made him freeze where he stood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you can make a brilliant Patronus!\rdblquote  protested Ron, when Harry arrived back at the tent empty-handed, out of breath, and mouthing the single word, \i dementors.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I couldn\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 make one,\rdblquote  he panted, clutching the stitch in his side. \ldblquote Wouldn\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 come.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Their expressions of consternation and disappointment made Harry feel ashamed. It had been a nightmarish experience, seeing the dementors gliding out of the mist in the distance and realizing, as the paralyzing cold choked his lungs and a distant screaming filled his ears, that he was not going to be able to protect himself. It had taken all Harry\rquote s willpower to uproot himself from the spot and run, leaving the eyeless dementors to glide amongst the Muggles who might not be able to see them, but would assuredly feel the despair they cast wherever they went.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So we still haven\rquote t got any food.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut up, Ron,\rdblquote  snapped Hermione. \ldblquote Harry, what happened? Why do you think you couldn\rquote t make your Patronus? You managed perfectly yesterday!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sat low in one of Perkins\rquote s old armchairs, feeling more humili\-ated by the moment. He was afraid that something had gone wrong inside him. Yesterday seemed a long time ago: Today he might have been thirteen years old again, the only one who collapsed on the Hogwarts Express.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron kicked a chair leg.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  he snarled at Hermione. \ldblquote I\rquote m starving! All I\rquote ve had since I bled half to death is a couple of toadstools!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You go and fight your way through the dementors, then,\rdblquote  said Harry, stung.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would, but my arm\rquote s in a sling, in case you hadn\rquote t noticed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\lquote\ldblquote That\rquote s convenient.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what\rquote s that supposed to \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course!\rdblquote  cried Hermione, clapping a hand to her forehead and startling both of them into silence. \ldblquote Harry, give me the locket! Come on,\rdblquote  she said impatiently, clicking her fingers at him when he did not react, \ldblquote the Horcrux, Harry, you\rquote re still wearing it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She held out her hands, and Harry lifted the golden chain over his head. The moment it parted contact with Harry\rquote s skin he felt free and oddly light. He had not even realized that he was clammy or that there was a heavy weight pressing on his stomach until both sensations lifted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Better?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, loads better!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  she said, crouching down in front of him and using the kind of voice he associated with visiting the very sick, \ldblquote you don\rquote t think you\rquote ve been possessed, do you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? No!\rdblquote  he said defensively. \ldblquote I remember everything we\rquote ve done while I\rquote ve been wearing it. I wouldn\rquote t know what I\rquote d done if I\rquote d been possessed, would I? Ginny told me there were times when she couldn\rquote t remember anything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmm,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking down at the heavy gold locket. \ldblquote Well, maybe we ought not to wear it. We can just keep it in the tent.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We are not leaving that Horcrux lying around,\rdblquote  Harry stated firmly. \ldblquote If we lose it, if it gets stolen \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, all right, all right,\rdblquote  said Hermione, and she placed it around her own neck and tucked it out of sight down the front of her shirt. \ldblquote But we\rquote ll take turns wearing it, so nobody keeps it on too long.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Great,\rdblquote  said Ron irritably, \ldblquote and now we\rquote ve sorted that out, can we please get some food?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine, but we\rquote ll go somewhere else to find it,\rdblquote  said Hermione with half a glance at Harry. \ldblquote There\rquote s no point staying where we know dementors are swooping around.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In the end they settled down for the night in a far-flung field be\-longing to a lonely farm, from which they had managed to obtain eggs and bread.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not stealing, is it?\rdblquote  asked Hermione in a troubled voice, as they devoured scrambled eggs on toast. \ldblquote Not if I left some money under the chicken coop?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron rolled his eyes and said, with his cheeks bulging, \ldblquote  \rquote Er-my-nee, \rquote oo worry \rquote oo much. \rquote Elax!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And, indeed, it was much easier to relax when they were com\-fortably well fed: The argument about the dementors was forgotten in laughter that night, and Harry felt cheerful, even hopeful, as he took the first of the three night watches.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This was their first encounter with the fact that a full stomach meant good spirits; an empty one, bickering and gloom. Harry was least surprised by this, because he had suffered periods of near starvation at the Dursleys\rquote . Hermione bore up reasonably well on those nights when they managed to scavenge nothing but berries or stale biscuits, her temper perhaps a little shorter than usual and her silences rather dour. Ron, however, had always been used to three\lang3081  \lang1033 delicious meals a day, courtesy of his mother or of the Hogwarts house-elves, and hunger made him both unreasonable and irascible. Whenever lack of food coincided with Ron\rquote s turn to wear the Hor\-crux, he became downright unpleasant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So where next?\rdblquote  was his constant refrain. He did not seem to have any ideas himself, but expected Harry and Hermione to come up with plans while he sat and brooded over the low food supplies. Accordingly Harry and Hermione spent fruitless hours trying to decide where they might find the other Horcruxes, and how to de\-stroy the one they had already got, their conversations becoming increasingly repetitive as they had no new information.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Dumbledore had told Harry that he believed Voldemort had hidden the Horcruxes in places important to him, they kept recit\-ing, in a sort of dreary litany, those locations they knew that Volde\-mort had lived or visited. The orphanage where he had been born and raised; Hogwarts, where he had been educated; Borgin and Burkes, where he had worked after completing school; then Alba\-nia, where he had spent his years of exile: These formed the basis of their speculations.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, let\rquote s go to Albania. Shouldn\rquote t take more than an afternoon to search an entire country,\rdblquote  said Ron sarcastically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There can\rquote t be anything there. He\rquote d already made five of his Horcruxes before he went into exile, and Dumbledore was certain the snake is the sixth,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote We know the snake\rquote s not in Albania, it\rquote s usually with Vol \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Didn\rquote t I ask you to stop saying that\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine! The snake is usually with \i You-Know-Who\i0  \emdash  happy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not particularly.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t see him hiding anything at Borgin and Burkes,\rdblquote  said\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry, who had made this point many times before, but said it again simply to break the nasty silence. \ldblquote Borgin and Burke were experts at Dark objects, they would\rquote ve recognized a Horcrux straightaway.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron yawned pointedly. Repressing a strong urge to throw some\-thing at him, Harry plowed on, \ldblquote I still reckon he might have hidden something at Hogwarts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione sighed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Dumbledore would have found it, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry repeated the argument he kept bringing out in favor of this theory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore said in front of me that he never assumed he knew all of Hogwarts\rquote s secrets. I\rquote m telling you, if there was one place Vol \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oi!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote YOU-KNOW-WHO, then!\rdblquote  Harry shouted, goaded past en\-durance. \ldblquote If there was one place that was really important to You-Know-Who, it was Hogwarts!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, come on,\rdblquote  scoffed Ron. \ldblquote His \i school\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, his school! It was his first real home, the place that meant he was special; it meant everything to him, and even after he left \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is You-Know-Who we\rquote re talking about, right? Not you?\rdblquote  inquired Ron. He was tugging at the chain of the Horcrux around his neck: Harry was visited by a desire to seize it and throttle him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You told us that You-Know-Who asked Dumbledore to give him a job after he left,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Dumbledore thought he only wanted to come back to try and find something, probably another founder\rquote s object, to make into another Horcrux?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he didn\rquote t get the job, did he?\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote So he never got the chance to find a founder\rquote s object there and hide it in the school!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, then,\rdblquote  said Harry, defeated. \ldblquote Forget Hogwarts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Without any other leads, they traveled into London and, hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, searched for the orphanage in which Voldemort had been raised. Hermione stole into a library and dis\-covered from their records that the place had been demolished many years before. They visited its site and found a tower block of offices.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We could try digging in the foundations?\rdblquote  Hermione suggested halfheartedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He wouldn\rquote t have hidden a Horcrux here,\rdblquote  Harry said. He had known it all along: The orphanage had been the place Voldemort had been determined to escape; he would never have hidden a part of his soul there. Dumbledore had shown Harry that Voldemort sought grandeur or mystique in his hiding places; this dismal gray corner of London was as far removed as you could imagine from Hogwarts or the Ministry or a building like Gringotts, the Wizard\-ing bank, with its golden doors and marble floors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Even without any new ideas, they continued to move through the countryside, pitching the tent in a different place each night for security. Every morning they made sure that they had removed all clues to their presence, then set off to find another lonely and se\-cluded spot, traveling by Apparition to more woods, to the shadowy crevices of cliffs, to purple moors, gorse-covered mountainsides, and once a sheltered and pebbly cove. Every twelve hours or so they passed the Horcrux between them as though they were playing some perverse, slow-motion game of pass-the-parcel, where they dreaded\lang3081  \lang1033 the music stopping because the reward was twelve hours of increased fear and anxiety.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s scar kept prickling. It happened most often, he noticed, when he was wearing the Horcrux. Sometimes he could not stop himself reacting to the pain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? What did you see?\rdblquote  demanded Ron, whenever he noticed Harry wince.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A face,\rdblquote  muttered Harry, every time. \ldblquote The same face. The thief who stole from Gregorovitch.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Ron would turn away, making no effort to hide his disap\-pointment. Harry knew that Ron was hoping to hear news of his family or of the rest of the Order of the Phoenix, but after all, he, Harry, was not a television aerial; he could only see what Voldemort was thinking at the time, not tune in to whatever took his fancy. Ap\-parently Voldemort was dwelling endlessly on the unknown youth with the gleeful face, whose name and whereabouts, Harry felt sure, Voldemort knew no better than he did. As Harry\rquote s scar continued to burn and the merry, blond-haired boy swam tantalizingly in his memory, he learned to suppress any sign of pain or discomfort, for the other two showed nothing but impatience at the mention of the thief. He could not entirely blame them, when they were so desper\-ate for a lead on the Horcruxes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As the days stretched into weeks, Harry began to suspect that Ron and Hermione were having conversations without, and about, him. Several times they stopped talking abruptly when Harry en\-tered the tent, and twice he came accidentally upon them, huddled a little distance away, heads together and talking fast; both times they fell silent when they realized he was approaching them and hastened to appear busy collecting wood or water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not help wondering whether they had only agreed to come on what now felt like a pointless and rambling journey be\-cause they thought he had some secret plan that they would learn in due course. Ron was making no effort to hide his bad mood, and Harry was starting to fear that Hermione too was disappointed by his poor leadership. In desperation he tried to think of further Horcrux locations, but the only one that continued to occur to him was Hogwarts, and as neither of the others thought this at all likely, he stopped suggesting it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Autumn rolled over the countryside as they moved through it: They were now pitching the tent on mulches of fallen leaves. Natural mists joined those cast by the dementors; wind and rain added to their troubles. The fact that Hermione was getting better at iden\-tifying edible fungi could not altogether compensate for their con\-tinuing isolation, the lack of other people\rquote s company, or their total ignorance of what was going on in the war against Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My mother,\rdblquote  said Ron one night, as they sat in the tent on a riverbank in Wales, \ldblquote can make good food appear out of thin air.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He prodded moodily at the lumps of charred gray fish on his plate. Harry glanced automatically at Ron\rquote s neck and saw, as he had expected, the golden chain of the Horcrux glinting there. He managed to fight down the impulse to swear at Ron, whose attitude would, he knew, improve slightly when the time came to take off the locket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your mother can\rquote t produce food out of thin air,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote No one can. Food is the first of the five Principal Exceptions to Gamp\rquote s Law of Elemental Transfigur \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, speak English, can\rquote t you?\rdblquote  Ron said, prising a fish bone out from between his teeth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s impossible to make good food out of nothing! You can Sum\-mon it if you know where it is, you can transform it, you can increase the quantity if you\rquote ve already got some \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, don\rquote t bother increasing this, it\rquote s disgusting,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry caught the fish and I did my best with it! I notice I\rquote m al\-ways the one who ends up sorting out the food, because I\rquote m a \i girl, \i0 I suppose!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it\rquote s because you\rquote re supposed to be the best at magic!\rdblquote  shot back Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione jumped up and bits of roast pike slid off her tin plate onto the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You\i0  can do the cooking tomorrow, Ron, \i you\i0  can find the ingre\-dients and try and charm them into something worth eating, and I\rquote ll sit here and pull faces and moan and you can see how you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut up!\rdblquote  said Harry, leaping to his feet and holding up both hands. \ldblquote Shut up \i now\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked outraged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How can you side with him, he hardly ever does the cook \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, be quiet, I can hear someone!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was listening hard, his hands still raised, warning them not to talk. Then, over the rush and gush of the dark river beside them, he heard voices again. He looked around at the Sneakoscope. It was not moving.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You cast the Muffliato charm over us, right?\rdblquote  he whispered to Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did everything,\rdblquote  she whispered back, \ldblquote Muffliato, Muggle-Repelling and Disillusionment Charms, all of it. They shouldn\rquote t be able to hear or see us, whoever they are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Heavy scuffing and scraping noises, plus the sound of dislodged\lang3081  \lang1033 stones and twigs, told them that several people were clambering down the steep, wooded slope that descended to the narrow bank where they had pitched the tent. They drew their wands, waiting. The enchantments they had cast around themselves ought to be suf\-ficient, in the near total darkness, to shield them from the notice of Muggles and normal witches and wizards. If these were Death Eaters, then perhaps their defenses were about to be tested by Dark Magic for the first time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The voices became louder but no more intelligible as the group of men reached the bank. Harry estimated that their owners were fewer than twenty feet away, but the cascading river made it impossible to tell for sure. Hermione snatched up the beaded bag and started to rummage; after a moment she drew out three Extendable Ears and threw one each to Harry and Ron, who hastily inserted the ends of the flesh-colored strings into their ears and fed the other ends out of the tent entrance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Within seconds Harry heard a weary male voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There ought to be a few salmon in here, or d\rquote you reckon it\rquote s too early in the season? \i Accio Salmon\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were several distinct splashes and then the slapping sounds of\lang3081  \lang1033 fish against flesh. Somebody grunted appreciatively. Harry pressed the Extendable Ear deeper into his own: Over the murmur of the river he could make out more voices, but they were not speaking English or any human language he had ever heard. It was a rough and unmelodious tongue, a string of rattling, guttural noises, and there seemed to be two speakers, one with a slightly lower, slower voice than the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A fire danced into life on the other side of the canvas; large shad\-ows passed between tent and flames. The delicious smell of baking\lang3081  \lang1033 salmon wafted tantalizingly in their direction. Then came the clink\-ing of cutlery on plates, and the first man spoke again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here, Griphook, Gornuk.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Goblins\i0 ! Hermione mouthed at Harry, who nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said the goblins together in English.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, you three have been on the run how long?\rdblquote  asked a new, mellow, and pleasant voice; it was vaguely familiar to Harry, who pictured a round-bellied, cheerful-faced man.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Six weeks \'85 seven \'85 I forget,\rdblquote  said the tired man. \ldblquote Met up with Griphook in the first couple of days and joined forces with Gornuk not long after. Nice to have a bit of company.\rdblquote  There was a pause, while knives scraped plates and tin mugs were picked up and replaced on the ground. \ldblquote What made you leave, Ted?\rdblquote  contin\-ued the man.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Knew they were coming for me,\rdblquote  replied mellow-voiced Ted, and Harry suddenly knew who he was: Tonks\rquote s father. \ldblquote Heard Death Eaters were in the area last week and decided I\rquote d better run for it. Refused to register as a Muggle-born on principle, see, so I knew it was a matter of time, knew I\rquote d have to leave in the end. My wife should be okay, she\rquote s pure-blood. And then I met Dean here, what, a few days ago, son?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said another voice, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione stared at each other, silent but beside themselves with excitement, sure they recognized the voice of Dean Thomas, their fellow Gryffindor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Muggle-born, eh?\rdblquote  asked the first man.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not sure,\rdblquote  said Dean. \ldblquote My dad left my mum when I was a kid. I\rquote ve got no proof he was a wizard, though.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence for a while, except for the sounds of munching; then Ted spoke again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got to say, Dirk, I\rquote m surprised to run into you. Pleased, but surprised. Word was you\rquote d been caught.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was,\rdblquote  said Dirk. \ldblquote I was halfway to Azkaban when I made a break for it, Stunned Dawlish, and nicked his broom. It was easier than you\rquote d think; I don\rquote t reckon he\rquote s quite right at the moment. Might be Confunded. If so, I\rquote d like to shake the hand of the witch or wizard who did it, probably saved my life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was another pause in which the fire crackled and the river rushed on. Then Ted said, \ldblquote And where do you two fit in? I, er, had the impression the goblins were for You-Know-Who, on the whole.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You had a false impression,\rdblquote  said the higher-voiced of the goblins. \ldblquote We take no sides. This is a wizards\rquote  war.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come you\rquote re in hiding, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I deemed it prudent,\rdblquote  said the deeper-voiced goblin. \ldblquote Having refused what I considered an impertinent request, I could see that my personal safety was in jeopardy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did they ask you to do?\rdblquote  asked Ted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Duties ill-befitting the dignity of my race,\rdblquote  replied the goblin, his voice rougher and less human as he said it. \ldblquote I am not a house-elf.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about you, Griphook?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Similar reasons,\rdblquote  said the higher-voiced goblin. \ldblquote Gringotts is no longer under the sole control of my race. I recognize no Wizarding master.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He added something under his breath in Gobbledegook, and Gornuk laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s the joke?\rdblquote  asked Dean.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He said,\rdblquote  replied Dirk, \ldblquote that there are things wizards don\rquote t rec\-ognize, either.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a short pause.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t get it,\rdblquote  said Dean.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had my small revenge before I left,\rdblquote  said Griphook in English.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good man \emdash  goblin, I should say,\rdblquote  amended Ted hastily. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t manage to lock a Death Eater up in one of the old high-security vaults, I suppose?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I had, the sword would not have helped him break out,\rdblquote  re\-plied Griphook. Gornuk laughed again and even Dirk gave a dry chuckle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dean and I are still missing something here,\rdblquote  said Ted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So is Severus Snape, though he does not know it,\rdblquote  said Griphook, and the two goblins roared with malicious laughter. Inside the tent Harry\rquote s breathing was shallow with excitement: He and Hermione stared at each other, listening as hard as they could.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t you hear about that, Ted?\rdblquote  asked Dirk. \ldblquote About the kids who tried to steal Gryffindor\rquote s sword out of Snape\rquote s office at Hogwarts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An electric current seemed to course through Harry, jangling his every nerve as he stood rooted to the spot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never heard a word,\rdblquote  said Ted. \ldblquote Not in the \i Prophet,\i0  was it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hardly,\rdblquote  chortled Dirk. \ldblquote Griphook here told me, he heard about it from Bill Weasley who works for the bank. One of the kids who tried to take the sword was Bill\rquote s younger sister.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced toward Hermione and Ron, both of whom were clutching the Extendable Ears as tightly as lifelines.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She and a couple of friends got into Snape\rquote s office and smashed open the glass case where he was apparently keeping the sword. Snape caught them as they were trying to smuggle it down the staircase.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, God bless \rquote em,\rdblquote  said Ted. \ldblquote What did they think, that they\rquote d be able to use the sword on You-Know-Who? Or on Snape himself?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, whatever they thought they were going to do with it, Snape decided the sword wasn\rquote t safe where it was,\rdblquote  said Dirk. \ldblquote Couple of days later, once he\rquote d got the say-so from You-Know-Who, I imagine, he sent it down to London to be kept in Gringotts instead.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblins started to laugh again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m still not seeing the joke,\rdblquote  said Ted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s a fake,\rdblquote  rasped Griphook.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The sword of Gryffindor!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes. It is a copy \emdash  an excellent copy, it is true \emdash  but it was Wizard-made. The original was forged centuries ago by goblins and had certain properties only goblin-made armor possesses. Wherever the genuine sword of Gryffindor is, it is not in a vault at Gringotts bank.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see,\rdblquote  said Ted. \ldblquote And I take it you didn\rquote t bother telling the Death Eaters this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw no reason to trouble them with the information,\rdblquote  said Griphook smugly, and now Ted and Dean joined in Gornuk and Dirk\rquote s laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Inside the tent, Harry closed his eyes, willing someone to ask the question he needed answered, and after a minute that seemed ten, Dean obliged; he was (Harry remembered with a jolt) an ex-boyfriend of Ginny\rquote s too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened to Ginny and the others? The ones who tried to steal it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, they were punished, and cruelly,\rdblquote  said Griphook indif\-ferently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re okay, though?\rdblquote  asked Ted quickly. \ldblquote I mean, the Weasleys don\rquote t need any more of their kids injured, do they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They suffered no serious injury, as far as I am aware,\rdblquote  said Griphook.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lucky for them,\rdblquote  said Ted. \ldblquote With Snape\rquote s track record I suppose we should just be glad they\rquote re still alive.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You believe that story, then, do you, Ted?\rdblquote  asked Dirk. \ldblquote You believe Snape killed Dumbledore?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course I do,\rdblquote  said Ted. \ldblquote You\rquote re not going to sit there and tell me you think Potter had anything to do with it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hard to know what to believe these days,\rdblquote  muttered Dirk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know Harry Potter,\rdblquote  said Dean. \ldblquote And I reckon he\rquote s the real thing \emdash  the Chosen One, or whatever you want to call it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, there\rquote s a lot would like to believe he\rquote s that, son,\rdblquote  said Dirk, \ldblquote me included. But where is he? Run for it, by the looks of things. You\rquote d think, if he knew anything we don\rquote t, or had anything special going for him, he\rquote d be out there now fighting, rallying resistance, instead of hiding. And you know, the \i Prophet\i0  made a pretty good case against him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The \i Prophet\i0 ?\rdblquote  scoffed Ted. \ldblquote You deserve to be lied to if you\rquote re still reading that muck, Dirk. You want the facts, try the \i Quibbler.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a sudden explosion of choking and retching, plus a good deal of thumping; by the sound of it, Dirk had swallowed a fish bone. At last he spluttered, \ldblquote The \i Quibbler\i0 ? That lunatic rag of Xeno Lovegood\rquote s?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not so lunatic these days,\rdblquote  said Ted. \ldblquote You want to give it a look. Xeno is printing all the stuff the \i Prophet\rquote s\i0  ignoring, not a single mention of Crumple-Horned Snorkacks in the last issue. How long they\rquote ll let him get away with it, mind, I don\rquote t know. But\lang3081  \lang1033 Xeno says, front page of every issue, that any wizard who\rquote s against You-Know-Who ought to make helping Harry Potter their number-one priority.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hard to help a boy who\rquote s vanished off the face of the earth,\rdblquote  said Dirk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen, the fact that they haven\rquote t caught him yet\rquote s one hell of an achievement,\rdblquote  said Ted. \ldblquote I\rquote d take tips from him gladly; it\rquote s what we\rquote re trying to do, stay free, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, you\rquote ve got a point there,\rdblquote  said Dirk heavily. \ldblquote With the whole of the Ministry and all their informers looking for him I\rquote d have expected him to be caught by now. Mind, who\rquote s to say they haven\rquote t already caught and killed him without publicizing it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, don\rquote t say that, Dirk,\rdblquote  murmured Ted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a long pause filled with more clattering of knives and forks. When they spoke again it was to discuss whether they ought to sleep on the bank or retreat back up the wooded slope. Deciding the trees would give better cover, they extinguished their fire, then clambered back up the incline, their voices fading away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione reeled in the Extendable Ears. Harry, who had found the need to remain silent increasingly difficult the longer they eavesdropped, now found himself unable to say more than, \ldblquote Ginny \emdash  the sword \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She lunged for the tiny beaded bag, this time sinking her arm in it right up to the armpit.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here \'85 we \'85 are \'85\rdblquote  she said between gritted teeth, and she pulled at something that was evidently in the depths of the bag. Slowly the edge of an ornate picture frame came into sight. Harry hurried to help her. As they lifted the empty portrait of Phineas\lang3081  \lang1033 Nigellus free of Hermione\rquote s bag, she kept her wand pointing at it, ready to cast a spell at any moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If somebody swapped the real sword for the fake while it was in Dumbledore\rquote s office,\rdblquote  she panted, as they propped the painting against the side of the tent, \ldblquote Phineas Nigellus would have seen it happen, he hangs right beside the case!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Unless he was asleep,\rdblquote  said Harry, but he still held his breath as Hermione knelt down in front of the empty canvas, her wand directed at its center, cleared her throat, then said:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  Phineas? Phineas Nigellus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nothing happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Phineas Nigellus?\rdblquote  said Hermione again. \ldblquote Professor Black? Please could we talk to you? Please?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Please\rquote  always helps,\rdblquote  said a cold, snide voice, and Phineas Ni\-gellus slid into his portrait. At once, Hermione cried:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Obscuro\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A black blindfold appeared over Phineas Nigellus\rquote s clever, dark eyes, causing him to bump into the frame and shriek with pain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \emdash  how dare \emdash  what are you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m very sorry, Professor Black,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote but it\rquote s a nec\-essary precaution!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remove this foul addition at once! Remove it, I say! You are ru\-ining a great work of art! Where am I? What is going on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never mind where we are,\rdblquote  said Harry, and Phineas Nigellus froze, abandoning his attempts to peel off the painted blindfold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can that possibly be the voice of the elusive Mr. Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe,\rdblquote  said Harry, knowing that this would keep Phineas Ni\-gellus\rquote s interest. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got a couple of questions to ask you \emdash  about the sword of Gryffindor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Phineas Nigellus, now turning his head this way and that in an effort to catch sight of Harry, \ldblquote yes. That silly girl acted most unwisely there \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut up about my sister,\rdblquote  said Ron roughly. Phineas Nigellus raised supercilious eyebrows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who else is here?\rdblquote  he asked, turning his head from side to side. \ldblquote Your tone displeases me! The girl and her friends were foolhardy in the extreme. Thieving from the headmaster!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They weren\rquote t thieving,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote That sword isn\rquote t Snape\rquote s.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It belongs to Professor Snape\rquote s school,\rdblquote  said Phineas Nigellus. \ldblquote Exactly what claim did the Weasley girl have upon it? She deserved her punishment, as did the idiot Longbottom and the Lovegood oddity!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville is not an idiot and Luna is not an oddity!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where am I?\rdblquote  repeated Phineas Nigellus, starting to wrestle with the blindfold again. \ldblquote Where have you brought me? Why have you removed me from the house of my forebears?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never mind that! How did Snape punish Ginny, Neville, and Luna?\rdblquote  asked Harry urgently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Professor\i0  Snape sent them into the Forbidden Forest, to do some work for the oaf, Hagrid.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid\rquote s not an oaf!\rdblquote  said Hermione shrilly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Snape might\rquote ve thought that was a punishment,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but Ginny, Neville, and Luna probably had a good laugh with Hagrid. The Forbidden Forest\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 they\rquote ve faced plenty worse than the Forbidden Forest, big deal!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt relieved; he had been imagining horrors, the Cruciatus Curse at the very least.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What we really wanted to know, Professor Black, is whether anyone else has, um, taken out the sword at all? Maybe it\rquote s been taken away for cleaning or \emdash  or something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Phineas Nigellus paused again in his struggles to free his eyes and sniggered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Muggle-borns,\i0\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Goblin-made armor does not require cleaning, simple girl. Goblins\rquote  silver repels mundane dirt, imbibing only that which strengthens it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t call Hermione simple,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I grow weary of contradiction,\rdblquote  said Phineas Nigellus. \ldblquote Perhaps it is time for me to return to the headmaster\rquote s office?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Still blindfolded, he began groping the side of his frame, trying to feel his way out of his picture and back into the one at Hogwarts. Harry had a sudden inspiration.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore! Can\rquote t you bring us Dumbledore?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I beg your pardon?\rdblquote  asked Phineas Nigellus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore\rquote s portrait \emdash  couldn\rquote t you bring him along, here, into yours?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Phineas Nigellus turned his face in the direction of Harry\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Evidently it is not only Muggle-borns who are ignorant, Potter. The portraits of Hogwarts may commune with each other, but they cannot travel outside the castle except to visit a painting of them\-selves hanging elsewhere. Dumbledore cannot come here with me, and after the treatment I have received at your hands, I can assure you that I shall not be making a return visit!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slightly crestfallen, Harry watched Phineas redouble his attempts to leave his frame.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Black,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote couldn\rquote t you just tell us, \i please,\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 when was the last time the sword was taken out of its case? Before Ginny took it out, I mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Phineas snorted impatiently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I believe that the last time I saw the sword of Gryffindor leave its case was when Professor Dumbledore used it to break open a ring.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione whipped around to look at Harry. Neither of them dared say more in front of Phineas Nigellus, who had at last man\-aged to locate the exit.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, good night to you,\rdblquote  he said a little waspishly, and he began to move out of sight again. Only the edge of his hat brim remained in view when Harry gave a sudden shout.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait! Have you told Snape you saw this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Phineas Nigellus stuck his blindfolded head back into the picture.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Snape has more important things on his mind than the many eccentricities of Albus Dumbledore. \i Good-bye,\i0  Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And with that, he vanished completely, leaving behind him noth\-ing but his murky backdrop.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  Hermione cried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know!\rdblquote  Harry shouted. Unable to contain himself, he punched the air; it was more than he had dared to hope for. He strode up and down the tent, feeling that he could have run a mile; he did not even feel hungry anymore. Hermione was squashing Phineas Nigellus\rquote s portrait back into the beaded bag; when she had fastened the clasp she threw the bag aside and raised a shining face to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The sword can destroy Horcruxes! Goblin-made blades imbibe only that which strengthen them \emdash  Harry, that sword\rquote s impreg\-nated with basilisk venom!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Dumbledore didn\rquote t give it to me because he still needed it, he wanted to use it on the locket \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and he must have realized they wouldn\rquote t let you have it if he put it in his will \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  so he made a copy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and put a fake in the glass case \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and he left the real one \emdash  where?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They gazed at each other; Harry felt that the answer was dangling invisibly in the air above them, tantalizingly close. Why hadn\rquote t Dum\-bledore told him? Or had he, in fact, told Harry, but Harry had not realized it at the time?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Think!\rdblquote  whispered Hermione. \ldblquote Think! Where would he have left it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not at Hogwarts,\rdblquote  said Harry, resuming his pacing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Somewhere in Hogsmeade?\rdblquote  suggested Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Shrieking Shack?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Nobody ever goes in there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Snape knows how to get in, wouldn\rquote t that be a bit risky?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore trusted Snape,\rdblquote  Harry reminded her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not enough to tell him that he had swapped the swords,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, you\rquote re right!\rdblquote  said Harry, and he felt even more cheered at the thought that Dumbledore had had some reservations, however faint, about Snape\rquote s trustworthiness. \ldblquote So, would he have hidden the sword well away from Hogsmeade, then? What d\rquote you reckon, Ron? Ron?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around. For one bewildered moment he thought that Ron had left the tent, then realized that Ron was lying in the shadow of a lower bunk, looking stony.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, remembered me, have you?\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron snorted as he stared up at the underside of the upper bunk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You two carry on. Don\rquote t let me spoil your fun.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Perplexed, Harry looked to Hermione for help, but she shook her head, apparently as nonplussed as he was.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s the problem?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Problem? There\rquote s no problem,\rdblquote  said Ron, still refusing to look at Harry. \ldblquote Not according to you, anyway.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were several \i plunks\i0  on the canvas over their heads. It had started to rain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you\rquote ve obviously got a problem,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Spit it out, will you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron swung his long legs off the bed and sat up. He looked mean, unlike himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, I\rquote ll spit it out. Don\rquote t expect me to skip up and down the tent because there\rquote s some other damn thing we\rquote ve got to find. Just add it to the list of stuff you don\rquote t know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know?\rdblquote  repeated Harry, \ldblquote\i I\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 don\rquote t know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Plunk,\i0  \i plunk,\i0  \i plunk.\i0  The rain was falling harder and heavier; it pattered on the leaf-strewn bank all around them and into the river chattering through the dark. Dread doused Harry\rquote s jubilation: Ron was saying exactly what he had suspected and feared him to be thinking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not like I\rquote m not having the time of my life here,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote you know, with my arm mangled and nothing to eat and freezing my backside off every night. I just hoped, you know, after we\rquote d been running round a few weeks, we\rquote d have achieved something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron,\rdblquote  Hermione said, but in such a quiet voice that Ron could pretend not to have heard it over the loud tattoo the rain was now beating on the tent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you knew what you\rquote d signed up for,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I thought I did too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what part of it isn\rquote t living up to your expectations?\rdblquote  asked Harry. Anger was coming to his defense now. \ldblquote Did you think we\rquote d be staying in five-star hotels? Finding a Horcrux every other day? Did you think you\rquote d be back to Mummy by Christmas?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We thought you knew what you were doing!\rdblquote  shouted Ron, standing up, and his words pierced Harry like scalding knives. \ldblquote We thought Dumbledore had told you what to do, we thought you had a real plan!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  said Hermione, this time clearly audible over the rain thundering on the tent roof, but again, he ignored her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, sorry to let you down,\rdblquote  said Harry, his voice quite calm even though he felt hollow, inadequate. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been straight with you from the start, I told you everything Dumbledore told me. And in case you haven\rquote t noticed, we\rquote ve found one Horcrux \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, and we\rquote re about as near getting rid of it as we are to finding the rest of them \emdash  nowhere effing near, in other words!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take off the locket, Ron,\rdblquote  Hermione said, her voice unusually high. \ldblquote Please take it off. You wouldn\rquote t be talking like this if you hadn\rquote t been wearing it all day.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, he would,\rdblquote  said Harry, who did not want excuses made for Ron. \ldblquote D\rquote you think I haven\rquote t noticed the two of you whispering behind my back? D\rquote you think I didn\rquote t guess you were thinking this stuff?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, we weren\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t lie!\rdblquote  Ron hurled at her. \ldblquote You said it too, you said you were disappointed, you said you\rquote d thought he had a bit more to go on than \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t say it like that \emdash  Harry, I didn\rquote t!\rdblquote  she cried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The rain was pounding the tent, tears were pouring down Hermi\-one\rquote s face, and the excitement of a few minutes before had vanished as if it had never been, a short-lived firework that had flared and died, leaving everything dark, wet, and cold. The sword of Gryffin\-dor was hidden they knew not where, and they were three teenagers in a tent whose only achievement was not, yet, to be dead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So why are you still here?\rdblquote  Harry asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Search me,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go home then,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, maybe I will!\rdblquote  shouted Ron, and he took several steps toward Harry, who did not back away. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t you hear what they said about my sister? But you don\rquote t give a rat\rquote s fart, do you, it\rquote s only the Forbidden Forest, Harry \i I\rquote ve-Faced-Worse\i0  Potter doesn\rquote t care what happens to her in here \emdash  well, I do, all right, giant spiders and mental stuff\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was only saying \emdash  she was with the others, they were with Hagrid \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I get it, you don\rquote t care! And what about the rest of my family, \lquote the Weasleys don\rquote t need another kid injured,\rquote  did you hear that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not bothered what it meant, though?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  said Hermione, forcing her way between them. \lang3081\ldblquote I \lang1033 don\rquote t think it means anything new has happened, anything we don\rquote t know about; think, Ron, Bill\rquote s already scarred, plenty of people\lang3081  \lang1033 must have seen that George has lost an ear by now, and you\rquote re sup\-posed to be on your deathbed with spattergroit, I\rquote m sure that\rquote s all he meant \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, you\rquote re sure, are you? Right then, well, I won\rquote t bother my\-self about them. It\rquote s all right for you two, isn\rquote t it, with your parents safely out of the way \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My parents are \i dead\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry bellowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And mine could be going the same way!\rdblquote  yelled Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then GO!\rdblquote  roared Harry. \ldblquote Go back to them, pretend you\rquote ve got over your spattergroit and Mummy\rquote ll be able to feed you up and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron made a sudden movement: Harry reacted, but before ei\-ther wand was clear of its owner\rquote s pocket, Hermione had raised her own.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Protego\i0 !\rdblquote  she cried, and an invisible shield expanded between her and Harry on the one side and Ron on the other; all of them were forced backward a few steps by the strength of the spell, and Harry and Ron glared from either side of the transparent barrier as though they were seeing each other clearly for the first time. Harry felt a corrosive hatred toward Ron: Something had broken between them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Leave the Horcrux,\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron wrenched the chain from over his head and cast the locket into a nearby chair. He turned to Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you staying, or what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  She looked anguished. \ldblquote Yes \emdash  yes, I\rquote m staying. Ron, we said we\rquote d go with Harry, we said we\rquote d help \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I get it. You choose him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, no \emdash  please \emdash  come back, come back!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was impeded by her own Shield Charm; by the time she had removed it he had already stormed into the night. Harry stood quite still and silent, listening to her sobbing and calling Ron\rquote s name amongst the trees.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After a few minutes she returned, her sopping hair plastered to her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s g-g-gone! Disapparated!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She threw herself into a chair, curled up, and started to cry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt dazed. He stooped, picked up the Horcrux, and placed it around his own neck. He dragged blankets off Ron\rquote s bunk and threw them over Hermione. Then he climbed onto his own bed and stared up at the dark canvas roof, listening to the pounding of the rain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 16\par
\pard\qc Godric\rquote s Hollow\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
When Harry woke the following day it was several sec\-onds before he remembered what had happened. Then he hoped, childishly, that it had been a dream, that Ron was still there and had never left. Yet by turning his head on his pillow he could see Ron\rquote s deserted bunk. It was like a dead body in the way it seemed to draw his eyes. Harry jumped down from his own bed, keeping his eyes averted from Ron\rquote s. Hermione, who was already busy in the kitchen, did not wish Harry good morning, but turned her face away quickly as he went by.\par
\i He\rquote s gone,\i0  Harry told himself. \i He\rquote s gone.\i0  He had to keep think\-ing it as he washed and dressed, as though repetition would dull the shock of it. \i He\rquote s gone and he\rquote s not coming back.\i0  And that was the simple truth of it, Harry knew, because their protective enchant\-ments meant that it would be impossible, once they vacated this spot, for Ron to find them again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and Hermione ate breakfast in silence. Hermione\rquote s eyes were\lang3081  \lang1033 puffy and red; she looked as if she had not slept. They packed up their things, Hermione dawdling. Harry knew why she wanted to spin out their time on the riverbank; several times he saw her look up eagerly, and he was sure she had deluded herself into thinking that she heard footsteps through the heavy rain, but no red-haired figure appeared between the trees. Every time Harry imitated her, looked around (for he could not help hoping a little, himself) and saw nothing but rain-swept woods, another little parcel of fury exploded inside him. He could hear Ron saying, \ldblquote\i We thought you knew what you were doing\i0 !\rdblquote , and he resumed packing with a hard knot in the pit of his stomach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The muddy river beside them was rising rapidly and would soon spill over onto their bank. They had lingered a good hour after they would usually have departed their campsite. Finally having entirely repacked the beaded bag three times, Hermione seemed unable to find any more reasons to delay: She and Harry grasped hands and Disapparated, reappearing on a windswept heather-covered hillside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The instant they arrived, Hermione dropped Harry\rquote s hand and walked away from him, finally sitting down on a large rock, her face on her knees, shaking with what he knew were sobs. He watched her, supposing that he ought to go and comfort her, but something kept him rooted to the spot. Everything inside him felt cold and tight: Again he saw the contemptuous expression on Ron\rquote s face. Harry strode off through the heather, walking in a large circle with the distraught Hermione at its center, casting the spells she usually performed to ensure their protection.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They did not discuss Ron at all over the next few days. Harry was determined never to mention his name again, and Hermione seemed\lang3081  \lang1033 to know that it was no use forcing the issue, although sometimes at night when she thought he was sleeping, he would hear her crying. Meanwhile Harry had started bringing out the Marauder\rquote s Map and examining it by wandlight. He was waiting for the moment when Ron\rquote s labeled dot would reappear in the corridors of Hogwarts, proving that he had returned to the comfortable castle, protected by his status of pureblood. However, Ron did not appear on the map, and after a while Harry found himself taking it out simply to stare at Ginny\rquote s name in the girls\rquote  dormitory, wondering whether the intensity with which he gazed at it might break into her sleep, that she would somehow know he was thinking about her, hoping that she was all right.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 By day, they devoted themselves to trying to determine the pos\-sible locations of Gryffindor\rquote s sword, but the more they talked about the places in which Dumbledore might have hidden it, the more des\-perate and far-fetched their speculation became. Cudgel his brains though he might, Harry could not remember Dumbledore ever mentioning a place in which he might hide something. There were moments when he did not know whether he was angrier with Ron or with Dumbledore. \i We thought you knew what you were doing. \'85\i0  \i We thought Dumbledore had told you what to do. \'85\i0  \i We thought you had a real plan\i0 !\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not hide it from himself: Ron had been right. Dumble\-dore had left him with virtually nothing. They had discovered one Horcrux, but they had no means of destroying it: The others were as unattainable as they had ever been. Hopelessness threatened to engulf him. He was staggered now to think of his own presumption in accepting his friends\rquote  offers to accompany him on this meander\-ing, pointless journey. He knew nothing, he had no ideas, and he\lang3081  \lang1033 was constantly, painfully on the alert for any indication that Her\-mione too was about to tell him that she had had enough, that she was leaving.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were spending many evenings in near silence, and Hermi\-one took to bringing out Phineas Nigellus\rquote s portrait and propping it up in a chair, as though he might fill part of the gaping hole left by Ron\rquote s departure. Despite his previous assertion that he would never visit them again, Phineas Nigellus did not seem able to re\-sist the chance to find out more about what Harry was up to, and consented to reappear, blindfolded, every few days or so. Harry was even glad to see him, because he was company, albeit of a snide and taunting kind. They relished any news about what was happening at Hogwarts, though Phineas Nigellus was not an ideal informer. He venerated Snape, the first Slytherin headmaster since he himself had controlled the school, and they had to be careful not to criticize or ask impertinent questions about Snape, or Phineas Nigellus would instantly leave his painting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 However, he did let drop certain snippets. Snape seemed to be facing a constant, low level of mutiny from a hard core of students. Ginny had been banned from going into Hogsmeade. Snape had reinstated Umbridge\rquote s old decree forbidding gatherings of three or more students or any unofficial student societies.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 From all of these things, Harry deduced that Ginny, and prob\-ably Neville and Luna along with her, had been doing their best to continue Dumbledore\rquote s Army. This scant news made Harry want to see Ginny so badly it felt like a stomachache; but it also made him think of Ron again, and of Dumbledore, and of Hogwarts itself, which he missed nearly as much as his ex-girlfriend. Indeed, as Phineas Nigellus talked about Snape\rquote s crackdown, Harry expe\-rienced a split second of madness when he imagined simply going back to school to join the destabilization of Snape\rquote s regime: Be\-ing fed, and having a soft bed, and other people being in charge, seemed the most wonderful prospect in the world at that moment. But then he remembered that he was Undesirable Number One, that there was a ten-thousand-Galleon price on his head, and that to walk into Hogwarts these days was just as dangerous as walking into the Ministry of Magic. Indeed, Phineas Nigellus inadvertently emphasized this fact by slipping in leading questions about Harry and Hermione\rquote s whereabouts. Hermione shoved him back inside the beaded bag every time he did this, and Phineas Nigellus invari\-ably refused to reappear for several days after these unceremonious good-byes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The weather grew colder and colder. They did not dare remain in any one area too long, so rather than staying in the south of Eng\-land, where a hard ground frost was the worst of their worries, they continued to meander up and down the country, braving a moun\-tainside, where sleet pounded the tent; a wide, flat marsh, where the tent was flooded with chill water; and a tiny island in the middle of a Scottish loch, where snow half buried the tent in the night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had already spotted Christmas trees twinkling from several sitting room windows before there came an evening when Harry resolved to suggest, again, what seemed to him the only unexplored avenue left to them. They had just eaten an unusually good meal: Hermione had been to a supermarket under the Invisibility Cloak (scrupulously dropping the money into an open till as she left), and Harry thought that she might be more persuadable than usual on a stomach full of spaghetti Bolognese and tinned pears. He had also had the foresight to suggest that they take a few hours\rquote  break from\lang3081  \lang1033 wearing the Horcrux, which was hanging over the end of the bunk beside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmm?\rdblquote  She was curled up in one of the sagging armchairs with \i The Tales of\lang3081  \lang1033 Beedle the Bard.\i0  He could not imagine how much more she could get out of the book, which was not, after all, very long; but evidently she was still deciphering something in it, because \i Spellman\rquote s Syllabary\i0  lay open on the arm of the chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry cleared his throat. He felt exactly as he had done on the occasion, several years previously, when he had asked Professor Mc\-Gonagall whether he could go into Hogsmeade, despite the fact that he had not persuaded the Dursleys to sign his permission slip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, I\rquote ve been thinking, and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, could you help me with something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Apparently she had not been listening to him. She leaned forward and held out \i The Tales of\lang3081  \lang1033 Beedle the Bard.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at that symbol,\rdblquote  she said, pointing to the top of a page. Above what Harry assumed was the title of the story (being unable to read runes, he could not be sure), there was a picture of what looked like a triangular eye, its pupil crossed with a vertical line.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I never took Ancient Runes, Hermione.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know that, but it isn\rquote t a rune and it\rquote s not in the syllabary, either. All along I thought it was a picture of an eye, but I don\rquote t think it is! It\rquote s been inked in, look, somebody\rquote s drawn it there, it isn\rquote t really part of the book. Think, have you ever seen it before?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85 No, wait a moment.\rdblquote  Harry looked closer. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t it the same symbol Luna\rquote s dad was wearing round his neck?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s what I thought too!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then it\rquote s Grindelwald\rquote s mark.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stared at him, openmouthed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Krum told me \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He recounted the story that Viktor Krum had told him at the wedding. Hermione looked astonished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Grindelwald\rquote s \i0 mark?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked from Harry to the weird symbol and back again. \ldblquote I\rquote ve never heard that Grindelwald had a mark. There\rquote s no mention of it in anything I\rquote ve ever read about him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, like I say, Krum reckoned that symbol was carved on a wall at Durmstrang, and Grindelwald put it there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She fell back into the old armchair, frowning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s very odd. If it\rquote s a symbol of Dark Magic, what\rquote s it doing in a book of children\rquote s stories?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it is weird,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote And you\rquote d think Scrimgeour would have recognized it. He was Minister, he ought to have been expert on Dark stuff.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know. \'85 Perhaps he thought it was an eye, just like I did. All the other stories have little pictures over the titles.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She did not speak, but continued to pore over the strange mark. Harry tried again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmm?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been thinking. I \emdash  I want to go to Godric\rquote s Hollow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked up at him, but her eyes were unfocused, and he was sure she was still thinking about the mysterious mark on the book.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Yes, I\rquote ve been wondering that too. I really think we\rquote ll have to.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you hear me right?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I did. You want to go to Godric\rquote s Hollow. I agree, I think we should. I mean, I can\rquote t think of anywhere else it could be either. It\rquote ll be dangerous, but the more I think about it, the more likely it seems it\rquote s there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  \i what\rquote s\i0  there?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At that, she looked just as bewildered as he felt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, the sword, Harry! Dumbledore must have known you\rquote d want to go back there, and I mean, Godric\rquote s Hollow is Godric Gryffindor\rquote s birthplace \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really? Gryffindor came from Godric\rquote s Hollow?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, did you ever even open \i A History of Magic\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Erm,\rdblquote  he said, smiling for what felt like the first time in months: The muscles in his face felt oddly stiff. \ldblquote I might\rquote ve opened it, you know, when I bought it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 just the once. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, as the village is named after him I\rquote d have thought you might have made the connection,\rdblquote  said Hermione. She sounded much more like her old self than she had done of late; Harry half expected her to announce that she was off to the library. \ldblquote There\rquote s a bit about the village in \i A History of Magic,\i0  wait\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She opened the beaded bag and rummaged for a while, finally extracting her copy of their old school textbook, \i A History of Magic \i0 by Bathilda Bagshot, which she thumbed through until finding the page she wanted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Upon the signature of the International Statute of Secrecy in 1689, wizards went into hiding for good. It was natural, perhaps, that they formed their own small communities within a community. Many small villages and hamlets attracted several magical families, who banded together for mutual support and protection. The villages of Tinworth\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i in Cornwall, Upper Flagley in Yorkshire, and Ottery St. Catchpole on the south coast of England were notable homes to knots of\lang3081  \lang1033 Wizarding families who lived alongside tolerant and sometimes Confunded Mug\-gles. Most celebrated of these half-magical dwelling places is, perhaps, Godric\rquote s Hollow, the West Country village where the great wizard Godric Gryffindor was born, and where Bowman Wright, Wizard\-ing smith, forged the first Golden Snitch. The graveyard is full of the names of ancient magical families, and this accounts, no doubt, for the stories of\lang3081  \lang1033 hauntings that have dogged the little church beside it for many centuries.\i0\rquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You and your parents aren\rquote t mentioned,\rdblquote  Hermione said, closing the book, \ldblquote because Professor Bagshot doesn\rquote t cover anything later than the end of the nineteenth century. But you see? Godric\rquote s Hol\-low, Godric Gryffindor, Gryffindor\rquote s sword; don\rquote t you think Dum\-bledore would have expected you to make the connection?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not want to admit that he had not been thinking about the sword at all when he suggested they go to Godric\rquote s Hol\-low. For him, the lure of the village lay in his parents\rquote  graves, the house where he had narrowly escaped death, and in the person of Bathilda Bagshot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remember what Muriel said?\rdblquote  he asked eventually.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know,\rdblquote  he hesitated: He did not want to say Ron\rquote s name. \ldblquote Ginny\rquote s great-aunt. At the wedding. The one who said you had skinny ankles.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Hermione. It was a sticky moment: Harry knew that she had sensed Ron\rquote s name in the offing. He rushed on:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She said Bathilda Bagshot still lives in Godric\rquote s Hollow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bathilda Bagshot,\rdblquote  murmured Hermione, running her index finger over Bathilda\rquote s embossed name on the front cover of \i A His\-tory of Magic.\i0  \ldblquote Well, I suppose \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She gasped so dramatically that Harry\rquote s insides turned over; he drew his wand, looking around at the entrance, half expecting to see a hand forcing its way through the entrance flap, but there was nothing there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  he said, half angry, half relieved. \ldblquote What did you do that for? I thought you\rquote d seen a Death Eater unzipping the tent, at least \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, \i what if Bathilda\rquote s got the sword\i0 ? What if Dumbledore entrusted it to her?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry considered this possibility. Bathilda would be an extremely old woman by now, and according to Muriel, she was \ldblquote gaga.\rdblquote  Was it likely that Dumbledore would have hidden the sword of Gryffindor with her? If so, Harry felt that Dumbledore had left a great deal to chance: Dumbledore had never revealed that he had replaced the sword with a fake, nor had he so much as mentioned a friendship with Bathilda. Now, however, was not the moment to cast doubt on Hermione\rquote s theory, not when she was so surprisingly willing to fall in with Harry\rquote s dearest wish.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, he might have done! So, are we going to go to Godric\rquote s Hollow?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but we\rquote ll have to think it through carefully, Harry.\rdblquote  She was sitting up now, and Harry could tell that the prospect of hav\-ing a plan again had lifted her mood as much as his. \ldblquote We\rquote ll need to practice Disapparating together under the Invisibility Cloak for a start, and perhaps Disillusionment Charms would be sensible too, unless you think we should go the whole hog and use Polyjuice\lang3081  \lang1033 Potion? In that case we\rquote ll need to collect hair from somebody. I actually think we\rquote d better do that, Harry, the thicker our disguises the better. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry let her talk, nodding and agreeing whenever there was a pause, but his mind had left the conversation. For the first time since he had discovered that the sword in Gringotts was a fake, he felt excited.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was about to go home, about to return to the place where he had had a family. It was in Godric\rquote s Hollow that, but for Voldemort, he would have grown up and spent every school holiday. He could have invited friends to his house. \'85 He might even have had broth\-ers and sisters. \'85 It would have been his mother who had made his seventeenth birthday cake. The life he had lost had hardly ever seemed so real to him as at this moment, when he knew he was about to see the place where it had been taken from him. After Hermione had gone to bed that night, Harry quietly extracted his rucksack from Hermione\rquote s beaded bag, and from inside it, the photograph album Hagrid had given him so long ago. For the first time in months, he perused the old pictures of his parents, smiling and waving up at him from the images, which were all he had left of them now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry would gladly have set out for Godric\rquote s Hollow the follow\-ing day, but Hermione had other ideas. Convinced as she was that Voldemort would expect Harry to return to the scene of his parents\rquote  deaths, she was determined that they would set off only after they had ensured that they had the best disguises possible. It was therefore a full week later \emdash  once they had surreptitiously obtained hairs from innocent Muggles who were Christmas shopping, and had prac\-ticed Apparating and Disapparating while underneath the Invisibility Cloak together \emdash  that Hermione agreed to make the journey.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were to Apparate to the village under cover of darkness, so it was late afternoon when they finally swallowed Polyjuice Po\-tion, Harry transforming into a balding, middle-aged Muggle man, Hermione into his small and rather mousy wife. The beaded bag containing all of their possessions (apart from the Horcrux, which Harry was wearing around his neck) was tucked into an inside pocket of Hermione\rquote s buttoned-up coat. Harry lowered the Invis\-ibility Cloak over them, then they turned into the suffocating dark\-ness once again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Heart beating in his throat, Harry opened his eyes. They were standing hand in hand in a snowy lane under a dark blue sky, in which the night\rquote s first stars were already glimmering feebly. Cot\-tages stood on either side of the narrow road, Christmas decorations twinkling in their windows. A short way ahead of them, a glow of golden streetlights indicated the center of the village.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All this snow!\rdblquote  Hermione whispered beneath the cloak. \ldblquote Why didn\rquote t we think of snow? After all our precautions, we\rquote ll leave prints! We\rquote ll just have to get rid of them \emdash  you go in front, I\rquote ll do it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not want to enter the village like a pantomime horse, trying to keep themselves concealed while magically covering their traces.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s take off the Cloak,\rdblquote  said Harry, and when she looked frightened, \ldblquote Oh, come on, we don\rquote t look like us and there\rquote s no one around.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stowed the Cloak under his jacket and they made their way forward unhampered, the icy air stinging their faces as they passed more cottages: Any one of them might have been the one in which James and Lily had once lived or where Bathilda lived now. Harry gazed at the front doors, their snow-burdened roofs, and their front\lang3081  \lang1033 porches, wondering whether he remembered any of them, knowing deep inside that it was impossible, that he had been little more than a year old when he had left this place forever. He was not even sure whether he would be able to see the cottage at all; he did not know what happened when the subjects of a Fidelius Charm died. Then the little lane along which they were walking curved to the left and the heart of the village, a small square, was revealed to them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Strung all around with colored lights, there was what looked like a war memorial in the middle, partly obscured by a windblown Christmas tree. There were several shops, a post office, a pub, and a little church whose stained-glass windows were glowing jewel-bright across the square.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The snow here had become impacted: It was hard and slippery where people had trodden on it all day. Villagers were crisscrossing in front of them, their figures briefly illuminated by streetlamps. They heard a snatch of laughter and pop music as the pub door opened and closed; then they heard a carol start up inside the little church.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I think it\rquote s Christmas Eve!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had lost track of the date; they had not seen a newspaper for weeks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sure it is,\rdblquote  said Hermione, her eyes upon the church. \ldblquote They \'85 they\rquote ll be in there, won\rquote t they? Your mum and dad? I can see the graveyard behind it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a thrill of something that was beyond excitement, more like fear. Now that he was so near, he wondered whether he wanted to see after all. Perhaps Hermione knew how he was feel\-ing, because she reached for his hand and took the lead for the first\lang3081  \lang1033 time, pulling him forward. Halfway across the square, however, she stopped dead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, look!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was pointing at the war memorial. As they had passed it, it had transformed. Instead of an obelisk covered in names, there was a statue of three people: a man with untidy hair and glasses, a woman with long hair and a kind, pretty face, and a baby boy sit\-ting in his mother\rquote s arms. Snow lay upon all their heads, like fluffy white caps.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry drew closer, gazing up into his parents\rquote  faces. He had never imagined that there would be a statue. \'85 How strange it was to see himself represented in stone, a happy baby without a scar on his forehead. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C\rquote mon,\rdblquote  said Harry, when he had looked his fill, and they turned again toward the church. As they crossed the road, he glanced over his shoulder; the statue had turned back into the war memorial.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The singing grew louder as they approached the church. It made Harry\rquote s throat constrict, it reminded him so forcefully of Hogwarts, of Peeves bellowing rude versions of carols from inside suits of ar\-mor, of the Great Hall\rquote s twelve Christmas trees, of Dumbledore wearing a bonnet he had won in a cracker, of Ron in a hand-knitted sweater. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a kissing gate at the entrance to the graveyard. Hermi\-one pushed it open as quietly as possible and they edged through it. On either side of the slippery path to the church doors, the snow lay deep and untouched. They moved off through the snow, carv\-ing deep trenches behind them as they walked around the building, keeping to the shadows beneath the brilliant windows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Behind the church, row upon row of snowy tombstones pro\-truded from a blanket of pale blue that was flecked with dazzling red, gold, and green wherever the reflections from the stained glass hit the snow. Keeping his hand closed tightly on the wand in his jacket pocket, Harry moved toward the nearest grave.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at this, it\rquote s an Abbott, could be some long-lost relation of Hannah\rquote s!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Keep your voice down,\rdblquote  Hermione begged him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They waded deeper and deeper into the graveyard, gouging dark tracks into the snow behind them, stooping to peer at the words on old headstones, every now and then squinting into the surrounding darkness to make absolutely sure that they were unaccompanied.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was two rows of tombstones away; he had to wade back to her, his heart positively banging in his chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, but look!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She pointed to the dark stone. Harry stooped down and saw, upon the frozen, lichen-spotted granite, the words KENDRA DUM\-BLEDORE and, a short way below her dates of birth and death, AND HER DAUGHTER ARIANA. There was also a quotation:\par
\par
\pard\qc\i Where your treasure is, there will\lang3081  \lang1033 your heart be also.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\i0\par
\lang1033 So Rita Skeeter and Muriel had got some of their facts right. The Dumbledore family had indeed lived here, and part of it had died here.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seeing the grave was worse than hearing about it. Harry could not help thinking that he and Dumbledore both had deep roots in this graveyard, and that Dumbledore ought to have told him so, yet he\lang3081  \lang1033 had never thought to share the connection. They could have visited the place together; for a moment Harry imagined coming here with Dumbledore, of what a bond that would have been, of how much it would have meant to him. But it seemed that to Dumbledore, the fact that their families lay side by side in the same graveyard had been an unimportant coincidence, irrelevant, perhaps, to the job he wanted Harry to do.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was looking at Harry, and he was glad that his face was hidden in shadow. He read the words on the tombstone again. \i Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.\i0  He did not understand what these words meant. Surely Dumbledore had chosen them, as the eldest member of the family once his mother had died.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you sure he never mentioned \emdash  ?\rdblquote  Hermione began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry curtly, then, \ldblquote let\rquote s keep looking,\rdblquote  and he turned away, wishing he had not seen the stone: He did not want his excited trepidation tainted with resentment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here!\rdblquote  cried Hermione again a few moments later from out of the darkness. \ldblquote Oh no, sorry! I thought it said Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was rubbing at a crumbling, mossy stone, gazing down at it, a little frown on her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, come back a moment.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not want to be sidetracked again, and only grudgingly made his way back through the snow toward her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at this!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The grave was extremely old, weathered so that Harry could hardly make out the name. Hermione showed him the symbol be\-neath it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, that\rquote s the mark in the book!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He peered at the place she indicated: The stone was so worn that it was hard to make out what was engraved there, though there did seem to be a triangular mark beneath the nearly illegible name.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 it could be. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione lit her wand and pointed it at the name on the headstone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It says Ig \emdash  Ignotus, I think. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to keep looking for my parents, all right?\rdblquote  Harry told her, a slight edge to his voice, and he set off again, leaving her crouched beside the old grave.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Every now and then he recognized a surname that, like Abbott, he had met at Hogwarts. Sometimes there were several generations of the same Wizarding family represented in the graveyard: Harry could tell from the dates that it had either died out, or the cur\-rent members had moved away from Godric\rquote s Hollow. Deeper and deeper amongst the graves he went, and every time he reached a new headstone he felt a little lurch of apprehension and anticipation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The darkness and the silence seemed to become, all of a sudden, much deeper. Harry looked around, worried, thinking of demen\-tors, then realized that the carols had finished, that the chatter and flurry of churchgoers were fading away as they made their way back into the square. Somebody inside the church had just turned off the lights.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then Hermione\rquote s voice came out of the blackness for the third time, sharp and clear from a few yards away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, they\rquote re here \'85 right here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he knew by her tone that it was his mother and father this time: He moved toward her, feeling as if something heavy were pressing on his chest, the same sensation he had had right after\lang3081  \lang1033 Dumbledore had died, a grief that had actually weighed on his heart and lungs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The headstone was only two rows behind Kendra and Ariana\rquote s. It was made of white marble, just like Dumbledore\rquote s tomb, and this made it easy to read, as it seemed to shine in the dark. Harry did not need to kneel or even approach very close to it to make out the words engraved upon it.\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trqc\trrh-454\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx3538\cellx7077\pard\intbl\qc JAMES POTTER\cell LILY POTTER\lang3081\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trqc\trrh-340\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx3538\cellx7077\pard\intbl\qc\lang1033 BORN 27 MARCH 1960\cell BORN 30 JANUARY 1960\lang3081\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trqc\trrh-425\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx3538\cellx7077\pard\intbl\qc\lang1033 DIED 31 OCTOBER 1981\cell DIED 31 OCTOBER 1981\lang3081\cell\row\pard\qc\lang1033\i The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
Harry read the words slowly, as though he would have only one chance to take in their meaning, and he read the last of them aloud.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death\rquote\'85\rdblquote  A horrible thought came to him, and with it a kind of panic. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t that a Death Eater idea? Why is that there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t mean defeating death in the way the Death Eaters mean it, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, her voice gentle. \ldblquote It means \'85 you know \'85 living beyond death. Living after death.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But they were not living, thought Harry: They were gone. The empty words could not disguise the fact that his parents\rquote  moldering remains lay beneath snow and stone, indifferent, unknowing. And tears came before he could stop them, boiling hot then instantly freezing on his face, and what was the point in wiping them off or pretending? He let them fall, his lips pressed hard together, looking\lang3081  \lang1033 down at the thick snow hiding from his eyes the place where the last of Lily and James lay, bones now, surely, or dust, not knowing or caring that their living son stood so near, his heart still beating, alive because of their sacrifice and close to wishing, at this moment, that he was sleeping under the snow with them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione had taken his hand again and was gripping it tightly. He could not look at her, but returned the pressure, now taking deep, sharp gulps of the night air, trying to steady himself, trying to regain control. He should have brought something to give them, and he had not thought of it, and every plant in the graveyard was leafless and frozen. But Hermione raised her wand, moved it in a circle through the air, and a wreath of Christmas roses blossomed before them. Harry caught it and laid it on his parents\rquote  grave.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As soon as he stood up he wanted to leave: He did not think he could stand another moment there. He put his arm around Hermi\-one\rquote s shoulders, and she put hers around his waist, and they turned in silence and walked away through the snow, past Dumbledore\rquote s mother and sister, back toward the dark church and the out-of-sight kissing gate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 17\par
\pard\qc Bathilda\rquote s Secret\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote Harry, stop.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had only just reached the grave of the unknown Abbott.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s someone there. Someone watching us. I can tell. There, over by the bushes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They stood quite still, holding on to each other, gazing at the dense black boundary of the graveyard. Harry could not see anything.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you sure?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw something move, I could have sworn I did. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She broke from him to free her wand arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We look like Muggles,\rdblquote  Harry pointed out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Muggles who\rquote ve just been laying flowers on your parents\rquote  grave! Harry, I\rquote m sure there\rquote s someone over there!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought of \i A History of Magic\i0 ; the graveyard was supposed to be haunted: what if\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  ? But then he heard a rustle and saw a\lang3081  \lang1033 little eddy of dislodged snow in the bush to which Hermione had pointed. Ghosts could not move snow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s a cat,\rdblquote  said Harry, after a second or two, \ldblquote or a bird. If it was a Death Eater we\rquote d be dead by now. But let\rquote s get out of here, and we can put the Cloak back on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They glanced back repeatedly as they made their way out of the graveyard. Harry, who did not feel as sanguine as he had pretended when reassuring Hermione, was glad to reach the gate and the slip\-pery pavement. They pulled the Invisibility Cloak back over them\-selves. The pub was fuller than before: Many voices inside it were now singing the carol that they had heard as they approached the church. For a moment Harry considered suggesting they take refuge inside it, but before he could say anything Hermione murmured, \ldblquote Let\rquote s go this way,\rdblquote  and pulled him down the dark street leading out of the village in the opposite direction from which they had entered. Harry could make out the point where the cottages ended and the lane turned into open country again. They walked as quickly as they dared, past more windows sparkling with multicolored lights, the outlines of Christmas trees dark through the curtains.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are we going to find Bathilda\rquote s house?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, who was shivering a little and kept glancing back over her shoulder. \ldblquote Harry? What do you think? Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She tugged at his arm, but Harry was not paying attention. He was looking toward the dark mass that stood at the very end of this row of houses. Next moment he had sped up, dragging Hermione along with him; she slipped a little on the ice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look. \'85 Look at it, Hermione. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 oh!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could see it; the Fidelius Charm must have died with James and Lily. The hedge had grown wild in the sixteen years since Hagrid had taken Harry from the rubble that lay scattered amongst the waist-high grass. Most of the cottage was still standing, though entirely covered in dark ivy and snow, but the right side of the top floor had been blown apart; that, Harry was sure, was where the curse had backfired. He and Hermione stood at the gate, gazing up at the wreck of what must once have been a cottage just like those that flanked it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wonder why nobody\rquote s ever rebuilt it?\rdblquote  whispered Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe you can\rquote t rebuild it?\rdblquote  Harry replied. \ldblquote Maybe it\rquote s like the injuries from Dark Magic and you can\rquote t repair the damage?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He slipped a hand from beneath the Cloak and grasped the snowy and thickly rusted gate, not wishing to open it, but simply to hold some part of the house.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not going to go inside? It looks unsafe, it might \emdash  oh, Harry, look!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His touch on the gate seemed to have done it. A sign had risen out of the ground in front of them, up through the tangles of nettles and weeds, like some bizarre, fast-growing flower, and in golden let\-ters upon the wood it said:\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i On this spot, on the night of 31 October 1981,\lang3081  \lang1033 Lily and James Potter lost their lives.\lang3081  \lang1033 Their son, Harry, remains the only wizard\lang3081  \lang1033 ever to have survived the Killing Curse.\lang3081  \lang1033 This house, invisible to Muggles, has been left\lang3081  \lang1033 in its ruined state as a monument to the Potters\lang3081  \lang1033 and as a reminder of the violence\lang3081  \lang1033 that tore apart their family.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i0\par
And all around these neatly lettered words, scribbles had been added by other witches and wizards who had come to see the place where the Boy Who Lived had escaped. Some had merely signed their names in Everlasting Ink; others had carved their initials into the wood, still others had left messages. The most recent of these, shining brightly over sixteen years\rquote  worth of magical graffiti, all said similar things.\par
\par
\pard\qc\lang3081\i Good luck, Harry, wherever you are.\par
If you read this, Harry, we\rquote re all behind you!\par
Long live Harry Potter.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
\ldblquote They shouldn\rquote t have written on the sign!\rdblquote  said Hermione, indignant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry beamed at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s brilliant. I\rquote m glad they did. I\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He broke off. A heavily muffled figure was hobbling up the lane toward them, silhouetted by the bright lights in the distant square. Harry thought, though it was hard to judge, that the figure was a woman. She was moving slowly, possibly frightened of slipping on the snowy ground. Her stoop, her stoutness, her shuffling gait all gave an impression of extreme age. They watched in silence as she drew nearer. Harry was waiting to see whether she would turn into any of the cottages she was passing, but he knew instinctively that she would not. At last she came to a halt a few yards from them and simply stood there in the middle of the frozen road, facing them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not need Hermione\rquote s pinch to his arm. There was next to no chance that this woman was a Muggle: She was standing there gazing at a house that ought to have been completely invisible to her, if she was not a witch. Even assuming that she \i was\i0  a witch, however, it was odd behavior to come out on a night this cold, simply to look at an old ruin. By all the rules of normal magic, meanwhile, she ought not to be able to see Hermione and him at all. Nevertheless, Harry had the strangest feeling that she knew that they were there, and also who they were. Just as he had reached this uneasy conclu\-sion, she raised a gloved hand and beckoned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione moved closer to him under the Cloak, her arm pressed against his.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How does she know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He shook his head. The woman beckoned again, more vigor\-ously. Harry could think of many reasons not to obey the sum\-mons, and yet his suspicions about her identity were growing stronger every moment that they stood facing each other in the deserted street.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Was it possible that she had been waiting for them all these long months? That Dumbledore had told her to wait, and that Harry would come in the end? Was it not likely that it was she who had moved in the shadows in the graveyard and had followed them to this spot? Even her ability to sense them suggested some Dumbledore-ish power that he had never encountered before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Finally Harry spoke, causing Hermione to gasp and jump.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you Bathilda?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The muffled figure nodded and beckoned again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Beneath the Cloak Harry and Hermione looked at each other. Harry raised his eyebrows; Hermione gave a tiny, nervous nod.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They stepped toward the woman and, at once, she turned and hobbled off back the way they had come. Leading them past several houses, she turned in at a gate. They followed her up the front path through a garden nearly as overgrown as the one they had just left. She fumbled for a moment with a key at the front door, then opened it and stepped back to let them pass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She smelled bad, or perhaps it was her house: Harry wrinkled his nose as they sidled past her and pulled off the Cloak. Now that he was beside her, he realized how tiny she was; bowed down with age, she came barely level with his chest. She closed the door behind them, her knuckles blue and mottled against the peeling paint, then turned and peered into Harry\rquote s face. Her eyes were thick with cata\-racts and sunken into folds of transparent skin, and her whole face was dotted with broken veins and liver spots. He wondered whether she could make him out at all; even if she could, it was the balding Muggle whose identity he had stolen that she would see.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The odor of old age, of dust, of unwashed clothes and stale food intensified as she unwound a moth-eaten black shawl, revealing a head of scant white hair through which the scalp showed clearly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bathilda?\rdblquote  Harry repeated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She nodded again. Harry became aware of the locket against his skin; the thing inside it that sometimes ticked or beat had woken; he could feel it pulsing through the cold gold. Did it know, could it sense, that the thing that would destroy it was near?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bathilda shuffled past them, pushing Hermione aside as though she had not seen her, and vanished into what seemed to be a sitting room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote m not sure about this,\rdblquote  breathed Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at the size of her; I think we could overpower her if we had\lang3081  \lang1033 to,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Listen, I should have told you, I knew she wasn\rquote t all there. Muriel called her \lquote gaga.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come!\rdblquote  called Bathilda from the next room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione jumped and clutched Harry\rquote s arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s okay,\rdblquote  said Harry reassuringly, and he led the way into the sitting room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bathilda was tottering around the place lighting candles, but it was still very dark, not to mention extremely dirty. Thick dust crunched beneath their feet, and Harry\rquote s nose detected, underneath the dank and mildewed smell, something worse, like meat gone bad. He wondered when was the last time anyone had been inside Bathilda\rquote s house to check whether she was coping. She seemed to have forgotten that she could do magic, too, for she lit the candles clumsily by hand, her trailing lace cuff in constant danger of catch\-ing fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let me do that,\rdblquote  offered Harry, and he took the matches from her. She stood watching him as he finished lighting the candle stubs that stood on saucers around the room, perched precariously on stacks of books and on side tables crammed with cracked and moldy cups.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The last surface on which Harry spotted a candle was a bow-fronted chest of drawers on which there stood a large number of photographs. When the flame danced into life, its reflection wavered on their dusty glass and silver. He saw a few tiny movements from the pictures. As Bathilda fumbled with logs for the fire, he muttered \ldblquote\i Tergeo\i0\rdblquote : The dust vanished from the photographs, and he saw at once that half a dozen were missing from the largest and most or\-nate frames. He wondered whether Bathilda or somebody else had removed them. Then the sight of a photograph near the back of the collection caught his eye, and he snatched it up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was the golden-haired, merry-faced thief, the young man who had perched on Gregorovitch\rquote s windowsill, smiling lazily up at Harry out of the silver frame. And it came to Harry instantly where he had seen the boy before: in \i The Life and Lies of\lang3081  \lang1033 Albus Dumbledore,\i0  arm in arm with the teenage Dumbledore, and that must be where all the missing photographs were: in Rita\rquote s book.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mrs. \emdash  Miss \emdash  Bagshot?\rdblquote  he said, and his voice shook slightly. \ldblquote Who is this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bathilda was standing in the middle of the room watching Her\-mione light the fire for her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Miss Bagshot?\rdblquote  Harry repeated, and he advanced with the picture in his hands as the flames burst into life in the fireplace. Bathilda looked up at his voice, and the Horcrux beat faster upon his chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who is this person?\rdblquote  Harry asked her, pushing the picture forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She peered at it solemnly, then up at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you know who this is?\rdblquote  he repeated in a much slower and louder voice than usual. \ldblquote This man? Do you know him? What\rquote s he called?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bathilda merely looked vague. Harry felt an awful frustration. How had Rita Skeeter unlocked Bathilda\rquote s memories?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who is this man?\rdblquote  he repeated loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, what are you doing?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This picture, Hermione, it\rquote s the thief, the thief who stole from Gregorovitch! Please!\rdblquote  he said to Bathilda. \ldblquote Who is this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But she only stared at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why did you ask us to come with you, Mrs. \emdash  Miss \emdash  Bag\-shot?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, raising her own voice. \ldblquote Was there some\-thing you wanted to tell us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Giving no sign that she had heard Hermione, Bathilda now shuf\-fled a few steps closer to Harry. With a little jerk of her head she looked back into the hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You want us to leave?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She repeated the gesture, this time pointing firstly at him, then at herself, then at the ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, right\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Hermione, I think she wants me to go upstairs with her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote let\rquote s go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But when Hermione moved, Bathilda shook her head with sur\-prising vigor, once more pointing first at Harry, then to herself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She wants me to go with her, alone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, and her voice rang out sharp and clear in the candlelit room; the old lady shook her head a little at the loud noise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe Dumbledore told her to give the sword to me, and only to me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you really think she knows who you are?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking down into the milky eyes fixed upon his own, \ldblquote I think she does.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, okay then, but be quick, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lead the way,\rdblquote  Harry told Bathilda.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She seemed to understand, because she shuffled around him to\-ward the door. Harry glanced back at Hermione with a reassuring smile, but he was not sure she had seen it; she stood hugging herself in the midst of the candlelit squalor, looking toward the bookcase. As Harry walked out of the room, unseen by both Hermione and Bathilda, he slipped the silver-framed photograph of the unknown thief inside his jacket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The stairs were steep and narrow: Harry was half tempted to place his hands on stout Bathilda\rquote s backside to ensure that she did not topple over backward on top of him, which seemed only too likely. Slowly, wheezing a little, she climbed to the upper landing, turned immediately right, and led him into a low-ceilinged bedroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was pitch-black and smelled horrible: Harry had just made out a chamber pot protruding from under the bed before Bathilda closed the door and even that was swallowed by the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Lumos,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry, and his wand ignited. He gave a start: Bathilda had moved close to him in those few seconds of darkness, and he had not heard her approach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are Potter?\rdblquote  she whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I am.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She nodded slowly, solemnly. Harry felt the Horcrux beating fast, faster than his own heart: It was an unpleasant, agitating sensation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you got anything for me?\rdblquote  Harry asked, but she seemed distracted by his lit wand-tip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you got anything for me?\rdblquote  he repeated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then she closed her eyes and several things happened at once: Harry\rquote s scar prickled painfully; the Horcrux twitched so that the front of his sweater actually moved; the dark, fetid room dissolved momentarily. He felt a leap of joy and spoke in a high, cold voice: \i Hold him\i0 !\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry swayed where he stood: The dark, foul-smelling room seemed to close around him again; he did not know what had just happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you got anything for me?\rdblquote  he asked for a third time, much louder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Over here,\rdblquote  she whispered, pointing to the corner. Harry raised his wand and saw the outline of a cluttered dressing table beneath the curtained window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This time she did not lead him. Harry edged between her and the unmade bed, his wand raised. He did not want to look away from her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  he asked as he reached the dressing table, which was heaped high with what looked and smelled like dirty laundry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There,\rdblquote  she said, pointing at the shapeless mass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And in the instant that he looked away, his eyes raking the tan\-gled mess for a sword hilt, a ruby, she moved weirdly: He saw it out of the corner of his eye; panic made him turn and horror paralyzed him as he saw the old body collapsing and the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The snake struck as he raised his wand: The force of the bite to his forearm sent the wand spinning up toward the ceiling; its light swung dizzyingly around the room and was extinguished: Then a powerful blow from the tail to his midriff knocked the breath out of him: He fell backward onto the dressing table, into the mound of filthy clothing \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He rolled sideways, narrowly avoiding the snake\rquote s tail, which thrashed down upon the table where he had been a second earlier: Fragments of the glass surface rained upon him as he hit the floor. From below he heard Hermione call, \ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not get enough breath into his lungs to call back: Then a heavy smooth mass smashed him to the floor and he felt it slide over him, powerful, muscular \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  he gasped, pinned to the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Yes,\i0\rdblquote  whispered the voice. \ldblquote\i Yesss\i0  \'85 \i hold you\i0  \'85 \i hold you\i0  \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Accio\i0  \'85\i  Accio Wand\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But nothing happened and he needed his hands to try to force the snake from him as it coiled itself around his torso, squeezing the air from him, pressing the Horcrux hard into his chest, a circle of ice that throbbed with life, inches from his own frantic heart, and his brain was flooding with cold, white light, all thought obliterated, his own breath drowned, distant footsteps, everything going. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A metal heart was banging outside his chest, and now he was fly\-ing, flying with triumph in his heart, without need of broomstick or thestral. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was abruptly awake in the sour-smelling darkness; Nagini had released him. He scrambled up and saw the snake outlined against the landing light: It struck, and Hermione dived aside with a shriek; her deflected curse hit the curtained window, which shattered. Fro\-zen air filled the room as Harry ducked to avoid another shower of broken glass and his foot slipped on a pencil-like something \emdash  his wand \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He bent and snatched it up, but now the room was full of the snake, its tail thrashing; Hermione was nowhere to be seen and for a moment Harry thought the worst, but then there was a loud bang and a flash of red light, and the snake flew into the air, smacking Harry hard in the face as it went, coil after heavy coil rising up to the ceiling. Harry raised his wand, but as he did so, his scar seared more painfully, more powerfully than it had done in years.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s coming! \i Hermione, he\rquote s coming\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As he yelled the snake fell, hissing wildly. Everything was chaos: It smashed shelves from the wall, and splintered china flew every\-where as Harry jumped over the bed and seized the dark shape he knew to be Hermione \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She shrieked with pain as he pulled her back across the bed: The snake reared again, but Harry knew that worse than the snake was coming, was perhaps already at the gate, his head was going to split open with the pain from his scar \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The snake lunged as he took a running leap, dragging Hermione with him; as it struck, Hermione screamed, \ldblquote\i Confringo\i0 !\rdblquote  and her spell flew around the room, exploding the wardrobe mirror and ricochet\-ing back at them, bouncing from floor to ceiling; Harry felt the heat of it sear the back of his hand. Glass cut his cheek as, pulling Hermi\-one with him, he leapt from bed to broken dressing table and then straight out of the smashed window into nothingness, her scream reverberating through the night as they twisted in midair. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then his scar burst open and he was Voldemort and he was running across the fetid bedroom, his long white hands clutching at the windowsill as he glimpsed the bald man and the little woman twist and vanish, and he screamed with rage, a scream that mingled with the girl\rquote s, that echoed across the dark gardens over the church bells ringing in Christmas Day. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And his scream was Harry\rquote s scream, his pain was Harry\rquote s pain\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 that it could happen here, where it had happened before \'85 here, within sight of that house where he had come so close to knowing what it was to die \'85 to die. \'85 The pain was so terrible \'85 ripped from his body. \'85 But if he had no body, why did his head hurt so badly; if he was dead, how could he feel so unbearably, didn\rquote t pain cease with death, didn\rquote t it go \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i The night wet and windy, two children dressed as pumpkins wad\-dling across the square, and the shop windows covered in paper spiders, all the tawdry Muggle trappings of a world in which they did not believe. \'85 And he was gliding along, that sense of purpose and power\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i and rightness in him that he always knew on these occasions. \'85 Not anger\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 that was for weaker souls than he\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but triumph, yes. \'85 He had waited for this, he had hoped for it. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote Nice costume, mister!\rdblquote\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i He saw the small boy\rquote s smile falter as he ran near enough to see be\-neath the hood of the cloak, saw the fear cloud his painted face: Then the child turned and ran away. \'85 Beneath the robe he fingered the handle of his wand. \'85 One simple movement and the child would never reach his mother\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but unnecessary, quite unnecessary. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i And along a new and darker street he moved, and now his destina\-tion was in sight at last, the Fidelius Charm broken, though they did not know it yet. \'85 And he made less noise than the dead leaves slith\-ering along the pavement as he drew level with the dark hedge, and stared over it. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i They had not drawn the curtains; he saw them quite clearly in their little sitting room, the tall black-haired man in his glasses, making puffs of colored smoke erupt from his wand for the amusement of the small black-haired boy in his blue pajamas. The child was laughing and try\-ing to catch the smoke, to grab it in his small fist. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i A door opened and the mother entered, saying words he could not hear, her long dark-red hair falling over her face. Now the father scooped up the son and handed him to the mother. He threw his wand down upon the sofa and stretched, yawning. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i The gate creaked a little as he pushed it open, but James Potter did not hear. His white hand pulled out the wand beneath his cloak and pointed it at the door, which burst open.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i He was over the threshold as James came sprinting into the hall. It was easy, too easy, he had not even picked up his wand. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote Lily, take Harry and go! It\rquote s him! Go! Run! I\rquote ll hold him off!\rdblquote\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Hold him off, without a wand in his hand!\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 He laughed before casting the curse. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote Avada Kedavra!\rdblquote\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i The green light filled the cramped hallway, it lit the pram pushed against the wall, it made the banisters glare like lightning rods, and James Potter fell like a marionette whose strings were cut. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i He could hear her screaming from the upper floor, trapped, but as long as she was sensible, she, at least, had nothing to fear. \'85 He climbed the steps, listening with faint amusement to her attempts to barricade herself in. \'85 She had no wand upon her either. \'85 How stupid they were, and how trusting, thinking that their safety lay in friends, that weapons could be discarded even for moments. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i He forced the door open, cast aside the chair and boxes hastily piled against it with one lazy wave of his wand\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and there she stood, the child in her arms. At the sight of him, she dropped her son into the crib behind her and threw her arms wide, as if this would help, as if in shielding him from sight she hoped to be chosen instead. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote Not Harry, not Harry, please not Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote Stand aside, you silly girl\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 stand aside, now.\rdblquote\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote Not Harry, please no, take me, kill me instead\lang3081  \lang1033\i0\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote This is my last warning\lang3081  \lang1033\i0\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote Not Harry! Please\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 have mercy\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 have mercy. \'85 Not Harry! Not Harry! Please \i0\emdash  \i I\rquote ll do anything\lang3081  \lang1033\i0\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote Stand aside. Stand aside, girl!\rdblquote\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i He could have forced her away from the crib, but it seemed more prudent to finish them all. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i The green light flashed around the room and she dropped like her husband. The child had not cried all this time: He could stand, clutch\-ing the bars of his crib, and he looked up into the intruder\rquote s face with a\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i kind of bright interest, perhaps thinking that it was his father who hid beneath the cloak, making more pretty lights, and his mother would pop up any moment, laughing \i0\emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i He pointed the wand very carefully into the boy\rquote s face: He wanted to see it happen, the destruction of this one, inexplicable danger. The child began to cry: It had seen that he was not James. He did not like it crying, he had never been able to stomach the small ones whining in the orphanage \i0\emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote Avada Kedavra!\rdblquote\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i And then he broke: He was nothing, nothing but pain and ter\-ror, and he must hide himself, not here in the rubble of the ruined house, where the child was trapped and screaming, but far away \'85 far\lang3081  \lang1033 away. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he moaned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i The snake rustled on the filthy, cluttered floor, and he had killed the boy, and yet he \i0 was \i the boy. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i And now he stood at the broken window of Bathilda\rquote s house, im\-mersed in memories of his greatest loss, and at his feet the great snake slithered over broken china and glass. \'85 He looked down and saw something\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 something incredible. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, it\rquote s all right, you\rquote re all right!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i He stooped down and picked up the smashed photograph. There he was, the unknown thief, the thief he was seeking. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85 I dropped it. \'85 I dropped it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, it\rquote s okay, wake up, wake up!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was Harry. \'85 Harry, not Voldemort\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and the thing that was rustling was not a snake. \'85 He opened his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote Do you feel all \emdash  all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  he lied.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was in the tent, lying on one of the lower bunks beneath a heap of blankets. He could tell that it was almost dawn by the stillness and the quality of the cold, flat light beyond the canvas ceiling. He was drenched in sweat; he could feel it on the sheets and blankets.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We got away.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I had to use a Hover Charm to get you into your bunk, I couldn\rquote t lift you. You\rquote ve been \'85 Well, you haven\rquote t been quite \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were purple shadows under her brown eyes and he noticed a small sponge in her hand: She had been wiping his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve been ill,\rdblquote  she finished. \ldblquote Quite ill.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How long ago did we leave?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hours ago. It\rquote s nearly morning.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And I\rquote ve been \'85 what, unconscious?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not exactly,\rdblquote  said Hermione uncomfortably. \ldblquote You\rquote ve been shout\-ing and moaning and \'85 things,\rdblquote  she added in a tone that made Harry feel uneasy. What had he done? Screamed curses like Volde\-mort, cried like the baby in the crib?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I couldn\rquote t get the Horcrux off you,\rdblquote  Hermione said, and he knew she wanted to change the subject. \ldblquote It was stuck, stuck to your chest. You\rquote ve got a mark; I\rquote m sorry, I had to use a Severing Charm to get it away. The snake bit you too, but I\rquote ve cleaned the wound and put some dittany on it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled the sweaty T-shirt he was wearing away from himself and looked down. There was a scarlet oval over his heart where the locket had burned him. He could also see the half-healed puncture marks to his forearm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote ve you put the Horcrux?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In my bag. I think we should keep it off for a while.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He lay back on his pillows and looked into her pinched gray face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We shouldn\rquote t have gone to Godric\rquote s Hollow. It\rquote s my fault, it\rquote s all my fault, Hermione, I\rquote m sorry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not your fault. I wanted to go too; I really thought Dumble\-dore might have left the sword there for you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 we got that wrong, didn\rquote t we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened, Harry? What happened when she took you upstairs? Was the snake hiding somewhere? Did it just come out and kill her and attack you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote\i She\i0  was the snake \'85 or the snake was her \'85 all along.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote W-what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He closed his eyes. He could still smell Bathilda\rquote s house on him: It made the whole thing horribly vivid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bathilda must\rquote ve been dead a while. The snake was \'85 was in\-side her. You-Know-Who put it there in Godric\rquote s Hollow, to wait. You were right. He knew I\rquote d go back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The snake was \i inside\i0  her?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened his eyes again: Hermione looked revolted, nauseated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lupin said there would be magic we\rquote d never imagined,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote She didn\rquote t want to talk in front of you, because it was Parseltongue, all Parseltongue, and I didn\rquote t realize, but of course I could understand her. Once we were up in the room, the snake sent a message to You-Know-Who, I heard it happen inside my head, I felt him get excited, he said to keep me there \'85 and then \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He remembered the snake coming our of Bathilda\rquote s neck: Hermi\-one did not need to know the details.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 she changed, changed into the snake, and attacked.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked down at the puncture marks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It wasn\rquote t supposed to kill me, just keep me there till You-Know-Who came.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If he had only managed to kill the snake, it would have been worth it, all of it. \'85 Sick at heart, he sat up and threw back the covers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, no, I\rquote m sure you ought to rest!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re the one who needs sleep. No offense, but you look terrible. I\rquote m fine. I\rquote ll keep watch for a while. Where\rquote s my wand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She did not answer, she merely looked at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s my wand, Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was biting her lip, and tears swam in her eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Where\rquote s my wand\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She reached down beside the bed and held it out to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The holly and phoenix wand was nearly severed in two. One frag\-ile strand of phoenix feather kept both pieces hanging together. The wood had splintered apart completely. Harry took it into his hands as though it was a living thing that had suffered a terrible injury. He could not think properly: Everything was a blur of panic and fear. Then he held out the wand to Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mend it. Please.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I don\rquote t think, when it\rquote s broken like this \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please, Hermione, try!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i R-Reparo.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dangling half of the wand resealed itself. Harry held it up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Lumos\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wand sparked feebly, then went out. Harry pointed it at Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s wand gave a little jerk, but did not leave her hand. The feeble attempt at magic was too much for Harry\rquote s wand, which split into two again. He stared at it, aghast, unable to take in what he was seeing \'85 the wand that had survived so much \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered so quietly he could hardly hear her. \ldblquote I\rquote m so, so sorry. I think it was me. As we were leaving, you know, the snake was coming for us, and so I cast a Blasting Curse, and it rebounded everywhere, and it must have \emdash  must have hit \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was an accident,\rdblquote  said Harry mechanically. He felt empty, stunned. \ldblquote We\rquote ll \emdash  we\rquote ll find a way to repair it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I don\rquote t think we\rquote re going to be able to,\rdblquote  said Hermione, the tears trickling down her face. \ldblquote Remember \'85 remember Ron? When he broke his wand, crashing the car? It was never the same again, he had to get a new one.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought of Ollivander, kidnapped and held hostage by Voldemort; of Gregorovitch, who was dead. How was he supposed to find himself a new wand?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  he said, in a falsely matter-of-fact voice, \ldblquote well, I\rquote ll just borrow yours for now, then. While I keep watch.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her face glazed with tears, Hermione handed over her wand, and he left her sitting beside his bed, desiring nothing more than to get away from her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 18\par
\pard\qc The Life and Lies of\par
Albus Dumbledore\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
The sun was coming up: The pure, colorless vastness of the sky stretched over him, indifferent to him and his suffering. Harry sat down in the tent entrance and took a deep breath of clean air. Simply to be alive to watch the sun rise over the sparkling snowy hillside ought to have been the greatest treasure on earth, yet he could not appreciate it: His senses had been spiked by the calamity of losing his wand. He looked out over a valley blanketed in snow, distant church bells chiming through the glittering silence.\par
Without realizing it, he was digging his fingers into his arms as if he were trying to resist physical pain. He had spilled his own blood more times than he could count; he had lost all the bones in his right arm once; this journey had already given him scars to his chest and forearm to join those on his hand and forehead, but never, until this moment, had he felt himself to be fatally weakened, vulnerable, and naked, as though the best part of his magical power had been torn from him. He knew exactly what Hermione would say if he\lang3081  \lang1033 expressed any of this: The wand is only as good as the wizard. But she was wrong, his case was different. She had not felt the wand spin like the needle of a compass and shoot golden flames at his enemy. He had lost the protection of the twin cores, and only now that it was gone did he realize how much he had been counting upon it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled the pieces of the broken wand out of his pocket and, without looking at them, tucked them away in Hagrid\rquote s pouch around his neck. The pouch was now too full of broken and use\-less objects to take any more. Harry\rquote s hand brushed the old Snitch through the mokeskin and for a moment he had to fight the temp\-tation to pull it out and throw it away. Impenetrable, unhelpful, useless, like everything else Dumbledore had left behind \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And his fury at Dumbledore broke over him now like lava, scorching him inside, wiping out every other feeling. Out of sheer desperation they had talked themselves into believing that Godric\rquote s Hollow held answers, convinced themselves that they were supposed to go back, that it was all part of some secret path laid out for them by Dumbledore; but there was no map, no plan. Dumbledore had left them to grope in the darkness, to wrestle with unknown and undreamed-of terrors, alone and unaided: Nothing was explained, nothing was given freely, they had no sword, and now, Harry had no wand. And he had dropped the photograph of the thief, and it would surely be easy now for Voldemort to find out who he was. \'85 Voldemort had all the information now. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked frightened that he might curse her with her own wand. Her face streaked with tears, she crouched down beside him, two cups of tea trembling in her hands and something bulky under her arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  he said, taking one of the cups.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you mind if I talk to you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he said because he did not want to hurt her feelings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you wanted to know who that man in the picture was. Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I\rquote ve got the book.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Timidly she pushed it onto his lap, a pristine copy of \i The Life and Lies of\lang3081  \lang1033 Albus Dumbledore.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where \emdash  how \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was in Bathilda\rquote s sitting room, just lying there. \'85 This note was sticking out of the top of it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione read the few lines of spiky, acid-green writing aloud.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Dear Batty, Thanks for your help. Here\rquote s a copy of the book, hope you like it. You said everything, even if you don\rquote t remember it. Rita.\i0\rquote  I think it must have arrived while the real Bathilda was alive, but perhaps she wasn\rquote t in any fit state to read it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, she probably wasn\rquote t.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down upon Dumbledore\rquote s face and experienced a surge of savage pleasure: Now he would know all the things that Dumbledore had never thought it worth telling him, whether Dum\-bledore wanted him to or not.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re still really angry at me, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Hermione; he looked up to see fresh tears leaking out of her eyes, and knew that his anger must have shown in his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote No, Hermione, I know it was an accident. You were trying to get us out of there alive, and you were incredible. I\rquote d be dead if you hadn\rquote t been there to help me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He tried to return her watery smile, then turned his attention to the book. Its spine was stiff; it had clearly never been opened before. He riffled through the pages, looking for photographs. He came\lang3081  \lang1033 across the one he sought almost at once, the young Dumbledore and his handsome companion, roaring with laughter at some long-forgotten joke. Harry dropped his eyes to the caption.\par
\par
\pard\qc\i Albus Dumbledore, shortly after his mother\rquote s death,\par
with his friend Gellert Grindelwald.\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i0\par
Harry gaped at the last word for several long moments. Grindel\-wald. His friend Grindelwald. He looked sideways at Hermione, who was still contemplating the name as though she could not be\-lieve her eyes. Slowly she looked up at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Grindelwald\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ignoring the remainder of the photographs, Harry searched the pages around them for a recurrence of that fatal name. He soon dis\-covered it and read greedily, but became lost: It was necessary to go further back to make sense of it all, and eventually he found himself at the start of a chapter entitled \ldblquote The Greater Good.\rdblquote  Together, he and Hermione started to read:\par
\par
Now approaching his eighteenth birthday, Dumbledore left Hogwarts in a blaze of glory \emdash  Head Boy, Prefect, Winner of the Barnabus Finkley Prize for Exceptional Spell-Casting, British Youth Representative to the Wizengamot, Gold Medal-Winner for Ground-Breaking Contribution to the International Alchemical Conference in Cairo. Dumbledore intended, next, to take a Grand Tour with Elphias \ldblquote Dogbreath\rdblquote  Doge, the dim-witted but devoted sidekick he had picked up at school.\par
The two young men were staying at the Leaky Cauldron in London, preparing to depart for Greece the following morning, when an owl arrived bearing news of Dumbledore\rquote s mother\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033 death. \ldblquote Dogbreath\rdblquote  Doge, who refused to be interviewed for this book, has given the public his own sentimental version of what happened next. He represents Kendra\rquote s death as a tragic blow, and Dumbledore\rquote s decision to give up his expedition as an act of noble self-sacrifice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Certainly Dumbledore returned to Godric\rquote s Hollow at once, supposedly to \ldblquote care\rdblquote  for his younger brother and sister. But how much care did he actually give them?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He were a head case, that Aberforth,\rdblquote  says Enid Smeek, whose family lived on the outskirts of Godric\rquote s Hollow at that time. \ldblquote Ran wild. \rquote Course, with his mum and dad gone you\rquote d have felt sorry for him, only he kept chucking goat dung at my head. I don\rquote t think Albus was fussed about him, I never saw them together, anyway.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 So what was Albus doing, if not comforting his wild young brother? The answer, it seems, is ensuring the continued im\-prisonment of his sister. For, though her first jailer had died, there was no change in the pitiful condition of Ariana Dumble\-dore. Her very existence continued to be known only to those few outsiders who, like \ldblquote Dogbreath\rdblquote  Doge, could be counted upon to believe in the story of her \ldblquote ill health.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Another such easily satisfied friend of the family was Bathilda Bagshot, the celebrated magical historian who has lived in Godric\rquote s Hollow for many years. Kendra, of course, had rebuffed Bathilda when she first attempted to welcome the family to the village. Several years later, however, the author sent an owl to Albus at Hogwarts, having been favorably im\-pressed by his paper on trans-species transformation in \i Trans\-figuration Today.\i0  This initial contact led to acquaintance with\lang3081  \lang1033 the entire Dumbledore family. At the time of Kendra\rquote s death, Bathilda was the only person in Godric\rquote s Hollow who was on speaking terms with Dumbledore\rquote s mother.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Unfortunately, the brilliance that Bathilda exhibited earlier in her life has now dimmed. \ldblquote The fire\rquote s lit, but the cauldron\rquote s empty,\rdblquote  as Ivor Dillonsby put it to me, or, in Enid Smeek\rquote s slightly earthier phrase, \ldblquote She\rquote s nutty as squirrel poo.\rdblquote  Never\-theless, a combination of tried-and-tested reporting techniques enabled me to extract enough nuggets of hard fact to string together the whole scandalous story.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Like the rest of the Wizarding world, Bathilda puts Kendra\rquote s premature death down to a backfiring charm, a story repeated by Albus and Aberforth in later years. Bathilda also parrots the family line on Ariana, calling her \ldblquote frail\rdblquote  and \ldblquote delicate.\rdblquote  On one subject, however, Bathilda is well worth the effort I put into procuring Veritaserum, for she, and she alone, knows the full story of the best-kept secret of Albus Dumbledore\rquote s life. Now revealed for the first time, it calls into question everything that his admirers believed of Dumbledore: his supposed hatred of the Dark Arts, his opposition to the oppression of Muggles, even his devotion to his own family.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The very same summer that Dumbledore went home to Godric\rquote s Hollow, now an orphan and head of the family, Bathilda Bagshot agreed to accept into her home her great-nephew, Gellert Grindelwald.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The name of Grindelwald is justly famous: In a list of Most Dangerous Dark Wizards of All Time, he would miss out on the top spot only because You-Know-Who arrived, a genera\-tion later, to steal his crown. As Grindelwald never extended\lang3081  \lang1033 his campaign of terror to Britain, however, the details of his rise to power are not widely known here.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Educated at Durmstrang, a school famous even then for its unfortunate tolerance of the Dark Arts, Grindelwald showed himself quite as precociously brilliant as Dumbledore. Rather than channel his abilities into the attainment of awards and prizes, however, Gellert Grindelwald devoted himself to other pursuits. At sixteen years old, even Durmstrang felt it could no longer turn a blind eye to the twisted experiments of Gellert Grindelwald, and he was expelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hitherto, all that has been known of Grindelwald\rquote s next movements is that he \ldblquote traveled abroad for some months.\rdblquote  It can now be revealed that Grindelwald chose to visit his great-aunt in Godric\rquote s Hollow, and that there, intensely shocking though it will be for many to hear it, he struck up a close friendship with none other than Albus Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He seemed a charming boy to me,\rdblquote  babbles Bathilda, \ldblquote whatever he became later. Naturally I introduced him to poor Albus, who was missing the company of lads his own age. The boys took to each other at once.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They certainly did. Bathilda shows me a letter, kept by her, that Albus Dumbledore sent Gellert Grindelwald in the dead of night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, even after they\rquote d spent all day in discussion \emdash  both such brilliant young boys, they got on like a cauldron on fire \emdash  I\rquote d sometimes hear an owl tapping at Gellert\rquote s bedroom window, delivering a letter from Albus! An idea would have struck him, and he had to let Gellert know immediately!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And what ideas they were. Profoundly shocking though\lang3081  \lang1033 Albus Dumbledore\rquote s fans will find it, here are the thoughts of their seventeen-year-old hero, as relayed to his new best friend. (A copy of the original letter may be seen on page 463.)\par
\par
\i Gellert \i0\emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Your point about Wizard dominance being FOR THE MUGGLES\rquote  OWN GOOD \i0\emdash  \i this, I think, is the cru\-cial point. Yes, we have been given power and yes, that power gives us the right to rule, but it also gives us responsibilities over the ruled. We must stress this point, it will be the foundation stone upon which we build. Where we are opposed, as we surely will be, this must be the basis of all our counterarguments. We seize control FOR THE GREATER GOOD. And from this it follows that where we meet resistance, we must use only the force that is necessary and no more. (This was your mistake at Durmstrang! But I do not complain, because if you had not been expelled, we would never have met.)\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Albus\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\par
Astonished and appalled though his many admirers will be, this letter constitutes proof that Albus Dumbledore once dreamed of overthrowing the Statute of Secrecy and establish\-ing Wizard rule over Muggles. What a blow for those who have always portrayed Dumbledore as the Muggle-borns\rquote  greatest champion! How hollow those speeches promoting Muggle rights seem in the light of this damning new evidence! How despicable does Albus Dumbledore appear, busy plotting his\lang3081  \lang1033 rise to power when he should have been mourning his mother and caring for his sister!\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No doubt those determined to keep Dumbledore on his crumbling pedestal will bleat that he did not, after all, put his plans into action, that he must have suffered a change of heart, that he came to his senses. However, the truth seems altogether more shocking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Barely two months into their great new friendship, Dum\-bledore and Grindelwald parted, never to see each other again until they met for their legendary duel (for more, see chapter 22). What caused this abrupt rupture? \i Had\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 Dumbledore come to his senses? Had he told Grindelwald he wanted no more part in his plans? Alas, no.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was poor little Ariana dying, I think, that did it,\rdblquote  says Bathilda. \ldblquote It came as an awful shock. Gellert was there in the house when it happened, and he came back to my house all of a dither, told me he wanted to go home the next day. Terribly distressed, you know. So I arranged a Portkey and that was the last I saw of him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Albus was beside himself at Ariana\rquote s death. It was so dread\-ful for those two brothers. They had lost everybody except each other. No wonder tempers ran a little high. Aberforth blamed Albus, you know, as people will under these dread\-ful circumstances. But Aberforth always talked a little madly, poor boy. All the same, breaking Albus\rquote s nose at the funeral was not decent. It would have destroyed Kendra to see her sons fighting like that, across her daughter\rquote s body. A shame Gellert could not have stayed for the funeral. \'85 He would have been a comfort to Albus, at least. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This dreadful coffin-side brawl, known only to those few who attended Ariana Dumbledore\rquote s funeral, raises several ques\-tions. Why exactly did Aberforth Dumbledore blame Albus for his sister\rquote s death? Was it, as \ldblquote Batty\rdblquote  pretends, a mere effu\-sion of grief? Or could there have been some more concrete reason for his fury? Grindelwald, expelled from Durmstrang for near-fatal attacks upon fellow students, fled the country hours after the girl\rquote s death, and Albus (out of shame or fear?) never saw him again, not until forced to do so by the pleas of the Wizarding world.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neither Dumbledore nor Grindelwald ever seems to have referred to this brief boyhood friendship in later life. How\-ever, there can be no doubt that Dumbledore delayed, for some five years of turmoil, fatalities, and disappearances, his attack upon Gellert Grindelwald. Was it lingering affection for the man or fear of exposure as his once best friend that caused Dumbledore to hesitate? Was it only reluctantly that Dumbledore set out to capture the man he was once so de\-lighted he had met?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And how did the mysterious Ariana die? Was she the in\-advertent victim of some Dark rite? Did she stumble across something she ought not to have done, as the two young men sat practicing for their attempt at glory and domination? Is it possible that Ariana Dumbledore was the first person to die \ldblquote for the greater good\rdblquote ?\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 The chapter ended here and Harry looked up. Hermione had reached the bottom of the page before him. She tugged the book out of Harry\rquote s hands, looking a little alarmed by his expression,\lang3081  \lang1033 and closed it without looking at it, as though hiding something indecent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he shook his head. Some inner certainty had crashed down inside him; it was exactly as he had felt after Ron left. He had trusted Dumbledore, believed him the embodiment of goodness and wisdom. All was ashes: How much more could he lose? Ron, Dumbledore, the phoenix wand \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry.\rdblquote  She seemed to have heard his thoughts. \ldblquote Listen to me. It \emdash  it doesn\rquote t make very nice reading \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, you could say that \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  but don\rquote t forget, Harry, this is Rita Skeeter writing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You did read that letter to Grindelwald, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I \emdash  I did.\rdblquote  She hesitated, looking upset, cradling her tea in her cold hands. \ldblquote I think that\rquote s the worst bit. I know Bathilda thought it was all just talk, but \lquote For the Greater Good\rquote  became Grindelwald\rquote s slogan, his justification for all the atrocities he com\-mitted later. And \'85 from that\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 it looks like Dumbledore gave him the idea. They say \lquote For the Greater Good\rquote  was even carved over the entrance to Nurmengard.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s Nurmengard?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The prison Grindelwald had built to hold his opponents. He ended up in there himself, once Dumbledore had caught him. Any\-way, it\rquote s \emdash  it\rquote s an awful thought that Dumbledore\rquote s ideas helped Grindelwald rise to power. But on the other hand, even Rita can\rquote t pretend that they knew each other for more than a few months one summer when they were both really young, and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you\rquote d say that,\rdblquote  said Harry. He did not want to let his anger spill out at her, but it was hard to keep his voice steady. \ldblquote I\lang3081  \lang1033 thought you\rquote d say \lquote They were young.\rquote  They were the same age as we are now. And here we are, risking our lives to fight the Dark Arts, and there he was, in a huddle with his new best friend, plotting their rise to power over the Muggles.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His temper would not remain in check much longer: He stood up and walked around, trying to work some of it off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not trying to defend what Dumbledore wrote,\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one. \ldblquote All that \lquote right to rule\rquote  rubbish, it\rquote s \lquote Magic Is Might\rquote  all over again. But Harry, his mother had just died, he was stuck alone in the house \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Alone? He wasn\rquote t alone! He had his brother and sister for com\-pany, his Squib sister he was keeping locked up \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe it,\rdblquote  said Hermione. She stood up too. \ldblquote Whatever was wrong with that girl, I don\rquote t think she was a Squib. The Dum\-bledore we knew would never, ever have allowed \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dumbledore we thought we knew didn\rquote t want to conquer Muggles by force!\rdblquote  Harry shouted, his voice echoing across the empty hilltop, and several blackbirds rose into the air, squawking and spiraling against the pearly sky.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He changed, Harry, he changed! It\rquote s as simple as that! Maybe he did believe these things when he was seventeen, but the whole of the rest of his life was devoted to fighting the Dark Arts! Dumbledore was the one who stopped Grindelwald, the one who always voted for Muggle protection and Muggle-born rights, who fought You-Know-Who from the start, and who died trying to bring him down!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rita\rquote s book lay on the ground between them, so that the face of Albus Dumbledore smiled dolefully at both.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote m sorry, but I think the real reason you\rquote re so angry is that Dumbledore never told you any of this himself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe I am!\rdblquote  Harry bellowed, and he flung his arms over his head, hardly knowing whether he was trying to hold in his anger or protect himself from the weight of his own disillusionment. \ldblquote Look what he asked from me, Hermione! Risk your life, Harry! And again! And again! And don\rquote t expect me to explain everything, just trust me blindly, trust that I know what I\rquote m doing, trust me even though I don\rquote t trust you! Never the whole truth! Never!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice cracked with the strain, and they stood looking at each other in the whiteness and the emptiness, and Harry felt they were as insignificant as insects beneath that wide sky.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He loved you,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote I know he loved you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dropped his arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know who he loved, Hermione, but it was never me. This isn\rquote t love, the mess he\rquote s left me in. He shared a damn sight more of what he was really thinking with Gellert Grindelwald than he ever shared with me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry picked up Hermione\rquote s wand, which he had dropped in the snow, and sat back down in the entrance of the tent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks for the tea. I\rquote ll finish the watch. You get back in the warm.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She hesitated, but recognized the dismissal. She picked up the book and then walked back past him into the tent, but as she did so, she brushed the top of his head lightly with her hand. He closed his eyes at her touch, and hated himself for wishing that what she said was true: that Dumbledore had really cared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 19\par
\pard\qc The Silver Doe\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
It was snowing by the time Hermione took over the watch at midnight. Harry\rquote s dreams were confused and disturbing: Nagini wove in and out of them, first through a gigantic, cracked ring, then through a wreath of Christmas roses. He woke repeat\-edly, panicky, convinced that somebody had called out to him in the distance, imagining that the wind whipping around the tent was footsteps or voices.\par
Finally he got up in the darkness and joined Hermione, who was huddled in the entrance to the tent reading\lang3081  \i A\lang1033  History of Magic\i0  by the light of her wand. The snow was still falling thickly, and she greeted with relief his suggestion of packing up early and moving on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll go somewhere more sheltered,\rdblquote  she agreed, shivering as she pulled on a sweatshirt over her pajamas. \ldblquote I kept thinking I could hear people moving outside. I even thought I saw somebody once or twice.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry paused in the act of pulling on a jumper and glanced at the silent, motionless Sneakoscope on the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sure I imagined it,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking nervous. \ldblquote The snow in the dark, it plays tricks on your eyes. \'85 But perhaps we ought to Disapparate under the Invisibility Cloak, just in case?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Half an hour later, with the tent packed, Harry wearing the Hor\-crux, and Hermione clutching the beaded bag, they Disapparated. The usual tightness engulfed them; Harry\rquote s feet parted company with the snowy ground, then slammed hard onto what felt like frozen earth covered with leaves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are we?\rdblquote  he asked, peering around at a fresh mass of trees as Hermione opened the beaded bag and began tugging out tent poles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Forest of Dean,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote I came camping here once with my mum and dad.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Here too snow lay on the trees all around and it was bitterly cold, but they were at least protected from the wind. They spent most of the day inside the tent, huddled for warmth around the useful bright blue flames that Hermione was so adept at producing, and which could be scooped up and carried around in a jar. Harry felt as though he was recuperating from some brief but severe illness, an impression reinforced by Hermione\rquote s solicitousness. That afternoon fresh flakes drifted down upon them, so that even their sheltered clearing had a fresh dusting of powdery snow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After two nights of little sleep, Harry\rquote s senses seemed more alert than usual. Their escape from Godric\rquote s Hollow had been so narrow that Voldemort seemed somehow closer than before, more threaten\-ing. As darkness drew in again Harry refused Hermione\rquote s offer to keep watch and told her to go to bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry moved an old cushion into the tent mouth and sat down, wearing all the sweaters he owned but even so, still shivery. The dark\-ness deepened with the passing hours until it was virtually impen\-etrable. He was on the point of taking out the Marauder\rquote s Map, so as to watch Ginny\rquote s dot for a while, before he remembered that it was the Christmas holidays and that she would be back at the Burrow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Every tiny movement seemed magnified in the vastness of the forest. Harry knew that it must be full of living creatures, but he wished they would all remain still and silent so that he could sepa\-rate their innocent scurryings and prowlings from noises that might proclaim other, sinister movements. He remembered the sound of a cloak slithering over dead leaves many years ago, and at once thought he heard it again before mentally shaking himself. Their protective enchantments had worked for weeks; why should they break now? And yet he could not throw off the feeling that some\-thing was different tonight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Several times he jerked upright, his neck aching because he had fallen asleep, slumped at an awkward angle against the side of the tent. The night reached such a depth of velvety blackness that he might have been suspended in limbo between Disapparition and Apparition. He had just held up a hand in front of his face to see whether he could make out his fingers when it happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A bright silver light appeared right ahead of him, moving through the trees. Whatever the source, it was moving soundlessly. The light seemed simply to drift toward him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He jumped to his feet, his voice frozen in his throat, and raised Hermione\rquote s wand. He screwed up his eyes as the light became blind\-ing, the trees in front of it pitch-black in silhouette, and still the thing came closer. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then the source of the light stepped out from behind an oak. It was a silver-white doe, moon-bright and dazzling, picking her way over the ground, still silent, and leaving no hoofprints in the fine powdering of snow. She stepped toward him, her beautiful head with its wide, long-lashed eyes held high.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at the creature, filled with wonder, not at her strangeness, but at her inexplicable familiarity. He felt that he had been waiting for her to come, but that he had forgotten, until this moment, that they had arranged to meet. His impulse to shout for Hermione, which had been so strong a moment ago, had gone. He knew, he would have staked his life on it, that she had come for him, and him alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They gazed at each other for several long moments and then she turned and walked away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he said, and his voice was cracked with lack of use. \ldblquote Come back!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She continued to step deliberately through the trees, and soon her brightness was striped by their thick black trunks. For one trembling second he hesitated. Caution murmured it could be a trick, a lure, a trap. But instinct, overwhelming instinct, told him that this was not Dark Magic. He set off in pursuit.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snow crunched beneath his feet, but the doe made no noise as she passed through the trees, for she was nothing but light. Deeper and deeper into the forest she led him, and Harry walked quickly, sure that when she stopped, she would allow him to approach her properly. And then she would speak and the voice would tell him what he needed to know.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At last, she came to a halt. She turned her beautiful head toward\lang3081  \lang1033 him once more, and he broke into a run, a question burning in him, but as he opened his lips to ask it, she vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Though the darkness had swallowed her whole, her burnished image was still imprinted on his retinas; it obscured his vision, brightening when he lowered his eyelids, disorienting him. Now fear came: Her presence had meant safety.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Lumos\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he whispered, and the wand-tip ignited.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The imprint of the doe faded away with every blink of his eyes as he stood there, listening to the sounds of the forest, to distant crack\-les of twigs, soft swishes of snow. Was he about to be attacked? Had she enticed him into an ambush? Was he imagining that somebody stood beyond the reach of the wandlight, watching him?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He held the wand higher. Nobody ran out at him, no flash of green light burst from behind a tree. Why, then, had she led him to this spot?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something gleamed in the light of the wand, and Harry spun about, but all that was there was a small, frozen pool, its cracked black surface glittering as he raised the wand higher to examine it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He moved forward rather cautiously and looked down. The ice reflected his distorted shadow and the beam of wandlight, but deep below the thick, misty gray carapace, something else glinted. A great silver cross \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His heart skipped into his mouth: He dropped to his knees at the pool\rquote s edge and angled the wand so as to flood the bottom of the pool with as much light as possible. A glint of deep red \'85 It was a sword with glittering rubies in its hilt. \'85 The sword of Gryffindor was lying at the bottom of the forest pool.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Barely breathing, he stared down at it. How was this possible?\lang3081  \lang1033 How could it have come to be lying in a forest pool, this close to the place where they were camping? Had some unknown magic drawn Hermione to this spot, or was the doe, which he had taken to be a Patronus, some kind of guardian of the pool? Or had the sword been put into the pool after they had arrived, precisely because they were here? In which case, where was the person who had wanted to pass it to Harry? Again he directed the wand at the surrounding trees and bushes, searching for a human outline, for the glint of an eye, but he could not see anyone there. All the same, a little more fear leavened his exhilaration as he returned his attention to the sword reposing upon the bottom of the frozen pool.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pointed the wand at the silvery shape and murmured, \ldblquote\i Accio Sword.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It did not stir. He had not expected it to. If it had been that easy, the sword would have lain on the ground for him to pick up, not in the depths of a frozen pool. He set off around the circle of ice, thinking hard about the last time the sword had delivered itself to him. He had been in terrible danger then, and had asked for help.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Help,\rdblquote  he murmured, but the sword remained upon the pool bottom, indifferent, motionless.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 What was it, Harry asked himself (walking again), that Dumble\-dore had told him the last time he had retrieved the sword? \i Only a true Gryffindor could\lang3081  \lang1033 have pulled\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 that \i out of the hat.\i0  And what were the qualities that defined a Gryffindor? A small voice inside Harry\rquote s head answered him: \i Their daring, nerve, and chivalry set Gryffindors apart.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Harry stopped walking and let out a long sigh, his smoky breath dispersing rapidly upon the frozen air. He knew what he had to do. If he was honest with himself, he had thought it might come to this from the moment he had spotted the sword through the ice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He glanced around at the surrounding trees again, but was con\-vinced now that nobody was going to attack him. They had had their chance as he walked alone through the forest, had had plenty of oppor\-tunity as he examined the pool. The only reason to delay at this point was because the immediate prospect was so deeply uninviting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With fumbling fingers Harry started to remove his many layers of clothing. Where \ldblquote chivalry\rdblquote  entered into this, he thought ruefully, he was not entirely sure, unless it counted as chivalrous that he was not calling for Hermione to do it in his stead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An owl hooted somewhere as he stripped off, and he thought with a pang of Hedwig. He was shivering now, his teeth chatter\-ing horribly, and yet he continued to strip off until at last he stood there in his underwear, barefooted in the snow. He placed the pouch containing his wand, his mother\rquote s letter, the shard of Sirius\rquote s mirror, and the old Snitch on top of his clothes, then he pointed Hermione\rquote s wand at the ice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Diffindo.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It cracked with a sound like a bullet in the silence: The surface of the pool broke and chunks of dark ice rocked on the ruffled wa\-ter. As far as Harry could judge, it was not deep, but to retrieve the sword he would have to submerge himself completely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Contemplating the task ahead would not make it easier or the water warmer. He stepped to the pool\rquote s edge and placed Hermione\rquote s wand on the ground, still lit. Then, trying not to imagine how much colder he was about to become or how violently he would soon be shivering, he jumped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Every pore of his body screamed in protest: The very air in his lungs seemed to freeze solid as he was submerged to his shoulders in the frozen water. He could hardly breathe; trembling so violently\lang3081  \lang1033 the water lapped over the edges of the pool, he felt for the blade with his numb feet. He only wanted to dive once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry put off the moment of total submersion from second to second, gasping and shaking, until he told himself that it must be done, gathered all his courage, and dived.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The cold was agony: It attacked him like fire. His brain itself seemed to have frozen as he pushed through the dark water to the bottom and reached out, groping for the sword. His fingers closed around the hilt; he pulled it upward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then something closed tight around his neck. He thought of wa\-ter weeds, though nothing had brushed him as he dived, and raised his empty hand to free himself. It was not weed: The chain of the Horcrux had tightened and was slowly constricting his windpipe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry kicked out wildly, trying to push himself back to the sur\-face, but merely propelled himself into the rocky side of the pool. Thrashing, suffocating, he scrabbled at the strangling chain, his frozen fingers unable to loosen it, and now little lights were pop\-ping inside his head, and he was going to drown, there was nothing left, nothing he could do, and the arms that closed around his chest were surely Death\rquote s. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Choking and retching, soaking and colder than he had ever been in his life, he came to facedown in the snow. Somewhere close by, another person was panting and coughing and staggering around. Hermione had come again, as she had come when the snake at\-tacked. \'85 Yet it did not sound like her, not with those deep coughs, not judging by the weight of the footsteps. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had no strength to lift his head and see his savior\rquote s identity. All he could do was raise a shaking hand to his throat and feel the place where the locket had cut tightly into his flesh. It was gone:\lang3081  \lang1033 Someone had cut him free. Then a panting voice spoke from over his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are \emdash  you \emdash  \i mental\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nothing but the shock of hearing that voice could have given Harry the strength to get up. Shivering violently, he staggered to his feet. There before him stood Ron, fully dressed but drenched to the skin, his hair plastered to his face, the sword of Gryffindor in one hand and the Horcrux dangling from its broken chain in the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why the \i hell,\i0\rdblquote  panted Ron, holding up the Horcrux, which swung backward and forward on its shortened chain in some parody of hypnosis, \ldblquote didn\rquote t you take this thing off before you dived?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not answer. The silver doe was nothing, nothing compared with Ron\rquote s reappearance; he could not believe it. Shud\-dering with cold, he caught up the pile of clothes still lying at the water\rquote s edge and began to pull them on. As he dragged sweater after sweater over his head, Harry stared at Ron, half expecting him to have disappeared every time he lost sight of him, and yet he had to be real: He had just dived into the pool, he had saved Harry\rquote s life.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was y-you?\rdblquote  Harry said at last, his teeth chattering, his voice weaker than usual due to his near-strangulation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking slightly confused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Y-you cast that doe?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? No, of course not! I thought it was you doing it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Patronus is a stag.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah. I thought it looked different. No antlers.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry put Hagrid\rquote s pouch back around his neck, pulled on a final sweater, stooped to pick up Hermione\rquote s wand, and faced Ron again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come you\rquote re here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Apparently Ron had hoped that this point would come up later, if at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote ve \emdash  you know \emdash  I\rquote ve come back. If\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote  He cleared his throat. \ldblquote You know. You still want me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause, in which the subject of Ron\rquote s departure seemed to rise like a wall between them. Yet he was here. He had returned. He had just saved Harry\rquote s life.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked down at his hands. He seemed momentarily surprised to see the things he was holding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah, I got it out,\rdblquote  he said, rather unnecessarily, holding up the sword for Harry\rquote s inspection. \ldblquote That\rquote s why you jumped in, right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But I don\rquote t understand. How did you get here? How did you find us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Long story,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been looking for you for hours, it\rquote s a big forest, isn\rquote t it? And I was just thinking I\rquote d have to kip under a tree and wait for morning when I saw that deer coming and you following.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t see anyone else?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron. \lang3081\ldblquote I \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he hesitated, glancing at two trees growing close together some yards away.\lang3081\par
\ldblquote I \lang1033 did think I saw something move over there, but I was running to the pool at the time, because you\rquote d gone in and you hadn\rquote t come up, so I wasn\rquote t going to make a detour to \emdash  hey!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was already hurrying to the place Ron had indicated. The two oaks grew close together; there was a gap of only a few inches between the trunks at eye level, an ideal place to see but not be seen.\lang3081  \lang1033 The ground around the roots, however, was free of snow, and Harry could see no sign of footprints. He walked back to where Ron stood waiting, still holding the sword and the Horcrux.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anything there?\rdblquote  Ron asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So how did the sword get in that pool?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whoever cast the Patronus must have put it there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They both looked at the ornate silver sword, its rubied hilt glint\-ing a little in the light from Hermione\rquote s wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You reckon this is the real one?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One way to find out, isn\rquote t there?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Horcrux was still swinging from Ron\rquote s hand. The locket was twitching slightly. Harry knew that the thing inside it was agitated again. It had sensed the presence of the sword and had tried to kill Harry rather than let him possess it. Now was not the time for long discussions; now was the moment to destroy the locket once and for all. Harry looked around, holding Hermione\rquote s wand high, and saw the place: a flattish rock lying in the shadow of a sycamore tree.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come here,\rdblquote  he said, and he led the way, brushed snow from the rock\rquote s surface, and held out his hand for the Horcrux. When Ron offered the sword, however, Harry shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, you should do it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Me?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking shocked. \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because you got the sword out of the pool. I think it\rquote s supposed to be you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was not being kind or generous. As certainly as he had known that the doe was benign, he knew that Ron had to be the one to wield the sword. Dumbledore had at least taught Harry something\lang3081  \lang1033 about certain kinds of magic, of the incalculable power of certain acts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to open it,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote and you stab it. Straightaway, okay? Because whatever\rquote s in there will put up a fight. The bit of Riddle in the diary tried to kill me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are you going to open it?\rdblquote  asked Ron. He looked terrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to ask it to open, using Parseltongue,\rdblquote  said Harry. The answer came so readily to his lips that he thought that he had always known it deep down: Perhaps it had taken his recent encounter with Nagini to make him realize it. He looked at the serpentine \i S,\i0  inlaid with glittering green stones: It was easy to visualize it as a minuscule snake, curled upon the cold rock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote No, don\rquote t open it! I\rquote m serious!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote  asked Harry. \ldblquote Let\rquote s get rid of the damn thing, it\rquote s been months \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t, Harry, I\rquote m serious \emdash  you do it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because that thing\rquote s bad for me!\rdblquote  said Ron, backing away from the locket on the rock. \lang3081\ldblquote I \lang1033 can\rquote t handle it! I\rquote m not making excuses, Harry, for what I was like, but it affects me worse than it affected you and Hermione, it made me think stuff\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  stuff I was thinking anyway, but it made everything worse, I can\rquote t explain it, and then I\rquote d take it off and I\rquote d get my head on straight again, and then I\rquote d have to put the effing thing back on \emdash  I can\rquote t do it, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had backed away, the sword dragging at his side, shaking his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can do it,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote you can! You\rquote ve just got the sword, I know it\rquote s supposed to be you who uses it. Please, just get rid of it, Ron.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sound of his name seemed to act like a stimulant. Ron swal\-lowed, then, still breathing hard through his long nose, moved back toward the rock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell me when,\rdblquote  he croaked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote On three,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking back down at the locket and nar\-rowing his eyes, concentrating on the letter \i S, \i0 imagining a serpent, while the contents of the locket rattled like a trapped cockroach. It would have been easy to pity it, except that the cut around Harry\rquote s neck still burned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One \'85 two \'85 three \'85 \i open.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The last word came as a hiss and a snarl and the golden doors of the locket swung wide with a little click.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Behind both of the glass windows within blinked a living eye, dark and handsome as Tom Riddle\rquote s eyes had been before he turned them scarlet and slit-pupiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stab,\rdblquote  said Harry, holding the locket steady on the rock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron raised the sword in his shaking hands: The point dangled over the frantically swiveling eyes, and Harry gripped the locket tightly, bracing himself, already imagining blood pouring from the empty windows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then a voice hissed from out of the Horcrux.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i I have seen your heart, and it is mine.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t listen to it!\rdblquote  Harry said harshly. \ldblquote Stab it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i I have seen your dreams, Ronald Weasley, and I have seen your fears. All you desire is possible, but all that you dread is also possible. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stab!\rdblquote  shouted Harry; his voice echoed off the surrounding trees, the sword point trembled, and Ron gazed down into Riddle\rquote s eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Least loved, always, by the mother who craved a daughter\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i Least\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i loved, now, by the girl who prefers your friend\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i Second best, always, eternally overshadowed\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, stab it now!\rdblquote  Harry bellowed: He could feel the locket quivering in his grip and was scared of what was coming. Ron raised the sword still higher, and as he did so, Riddle\rquote s eyes gleamed scarlet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Out of the locket\rquote s two windows, out of the eyes, there bloomed, like two grotesque bubbles, the heads of Harry and Hermione, weirdly distorted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron yelled in shock and backed away as the figures blossomed out of the locket, first chests, then waists, then legs, until they stood in the locket, side by side like trees with a common root, swaying over Ron and the real Harry, who had snatched his fingers away from the locket as it burned, suddenly, white-hot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  he shouted, but the Riddle-Harry was now speaking with Voldemort\rquote s voice and Ron was gazing, mesmerized, into its face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Why return? We were better without you, happier without you, glad of your absence. \'85\i0  \i We laughed at your stupidity, your cowardice, your presumption\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Presumption\i0 !\rdblquote  echoed the Riddle-Hermione, who was more beautiful and yet more terrible than the real Hermione: She swayed, cackling, before Ron, who looked horrified yet transfixed, the sword hanging pointlessly at his side. \ldblquote\i Who could look at you, who would ever look at you, beside Harry Potter? What have you ever done, com\-pared with the Chosen One? What are you, compared with the Boy Who Lived\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, stab it, STAB IT!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, but Ron did not move: His eyes were wide, and the Riddle-Harry and the Riddle-Hermione\lang3081  \lang1033 were reflected in them, their hair swirling like flames, their eyes shining red, their voices lifted in an evil duet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Your mother confessed,\i0\rdblquote  sneered Riddle-Harry, while Riddle-Hermione jeered, \ldblquote\i that she would have preferred me as a son, would be glad to exchange\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Who wouldn\rquote t prefer him, what woman would take you, you are nothing, nothing, nothing to him,\i0\rdblquote  crooned Riddle-Hermione, and she stretched like a snake and entwined herself around Riddle-Harry, wrapping him in a close embrace: Their lips met.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On the ground in front of them, Ron\rquote s face filled with anguish. He raised the sword high, his arms shaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do it, Ron!\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked toward him, and Harry thought he saw a trace of scarlet in his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sword flashed, plunged: Harry threw himself out of the way, there was a clang of metal and a long, drawn-out scream. Harry whirled around, slipping in the snow, wand held ready to defend himself: but there was nothing to fight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The monstrous versions of himself and Hermione were gone: There was only Ron, standing there with the sword held slackly in his hand, looking down at the shattered remains of the locket on the flat rock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slowly, Harry walked back to him, hardly knowing what to say or do. Ron was breathing heavily: His eyes were no longer red at all, but their normal blue; they were also wet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stooped, pretending he had not seen, and picked up the broken Horcrux. Ron had pierced the glass in both windows:\lang3081  \lang1033 Riddle\rquote s eyes were gone, and the stained silk lining of the locket was smoking slightly. The thing that had lived in the Horcrux had vanished; torturing Ron had been its final act.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sword clanged as Ron dropped it. He had sunk to his knees, his head in his arms. He was shaking, but not, Harry realized, from cold. Harry crammed the broken locket into his pocket, knelt down beside Ron, and placed a hand cautiously on his shoulder. He took it as a good sign that Ron did not throw it off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote After you left,\rdblquote  he said in a low voice, grateful for the fact that Ron\rquote s face was hidden, \ldblquote she cried for a week. Probably longer, only she didn\rquote t want me to see. There were loads of nights when we never even spoke to each other. With you gone \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not finish; it was only now that Ron was here again that Harry fully realized how much his absence had cost them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s like my sister,\rdblquote  he went on. \ldblquote I love her like a sister and I reckon she feels the same way about me. It\rquote s always been like that. I thought you knew.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron did not respond, but turned his face away from Harry and wiped his nose noisily on his sleeve. Harry got to his feet again and walked to where Ron\rquote s enormous rucksack lay yards away, discarded as Ron had run toward the pool to save Harry from drowning. He hoisted it onto his own back and walked back to Ron, who clam\-bered to his feet as Harry approached, eyes bloodshot but otherwise composed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  he said in a thick voice. \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry I left. I know I was a \emdash  a \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around at the darkness, as if hoping a bad enough word would swoop down upon him and claim him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve sort of made up for it tonight,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Getting the sword. Finishing off the Horcrux. Saving my life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That makes me sound a lot cooler than I was,\rdblquote  Ron mumbled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stuff like that always sounds cooler than it really was,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been trying to tell you that for years.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Simultaneously they walked forward and hugged, Harry gripping the still-sopping back of Ron\rquote s jacket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now,\rdblquote  said Harry as they broke apart, \ldblquote all we\rquote ve got to do is find the tent again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But it was not difficult. Though the walk through the dark forest with the doe had seemed lengthy, with Ron by his side the journey back seemed to take a surprisingly short time. Harry could not wait to wake Hermione, and it was with quickening excitement that he entered the tent, Ron lagging a little behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was gloriously warm after the pool and the forest, the only illumination the bluebell flames still shimmering in a bowl on the floor. Hermione was fast asleep, curled up under her blankets, and did not move until Harry had said her name several times.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hermione\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stirred, then sat up quickly, pushing her hair out of her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong? Harry? Are you all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s okay, everything\rquote s fine. More than fine. I\rquote m great. There\rquote s someone here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean? Who \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She saw Ron, who stood there holding the sword and dripping onto the threadbare carpet. Harry backed into a shadowy corner, slipped off Ron\rquote s rucksack, and attempted to blend in with the canvas.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione slid out of her bunk and moved like a sleepwalker\lang3081  \lang1033 toward Ron, her eyes upon his pale face. She stopped right in front of him, her lips slightly parted, her eyes wide. Ron gave a weak, hopeful smile and half raised his arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione launched herself forward and started punching every inch of him that she could reach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ouch \emdash  ow \emdash  gerroff! What the \emdash  ? Hermione \emdash  OW!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  complete \emdash  \i arse\i0  \emdash  Ronald \emdash  Weasley!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She punctuated every word with a blow: Ron backed away, shield\-ing his head as Hermione advanced.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  crawl \emdash  back \emdash  here \emdash  after \emdash  weeks \emdash  and \emdash  weeks \emdash  oh, \i where\rquote s my wand\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked as though ready to wrestle it out of Harry\rquote s hands and he reacted instinctively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Protego\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The invisible shield erupted between Ron and Hermione: The force of it knocked her backward onto the floor. Spitting hair out of her mouth, she leapt up again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Calm \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\ldblquote I \lang1033 will not calm down!\rdblquote  she screamed. Never before had he seen her lose control like this; she looked quite demented. \ldblquote Give me back my wand! \i Give it back to me\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, will you please \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you tell me what to do, Harry Potter!\rdblquote  she screeched. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you dare! Give it back now! And YOU!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was pointing at Ron in dire accusation: It was like a maledic\-tion, and Harry could not blame Ron for retreating several steps.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I came running after you! I called you! I begged you to come back!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  Ron said, \ldblquote Hermione, I\rquote m sorry, I\rquote m really \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, you\rquote re \i sorry\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She laughed, a high-pitched, out-of-control sound; Ron looked at Harry for help, but Harry merely grimaced his helplessness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You come back after weeks \emdash  \i weeks\i0  \emdash  and you think it\rquote s all going to be all right if you just say \i sorry\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, what else can I say?\rdblquote  Ron shouted, and Harry was glad that Ron was fighting back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I don\rquote t know!\rdblquote  yelled Hermione with awful sarcasm. \ldblquote Rack your brains, Ron, that should only take a couple of seconds \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  interjected Harry, who considered this a low blow, \ldblquote he just saved my \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t care!\rdblquote  she screamed. \ldblquote I don\rquote t care what he\rquote s done! Weeks and weeks, we could have been \i dead\i0  for all he knew \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew you weren\rquote t dead!\rdblquote  bellowed Ron, drowning her voice for the first time, and approaching as close as he could with the Shield Charm between them. \ldblquote Harry\rquote s all over the \i Prophet,\i0  all over the radio, they\rquote re looking for you everywhere, all these rumors and mental stories, I knew I\rquote d hear straight off if you were dead, you don\rquote t know what it\rquote s been like \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What it\rquote s been like for \i you\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her voice was now so shrill only bats would be able to hear it soon, but she had reached a level of indignation that rendered her temporarily speechless, and Ron seized his opportunity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wanted to come back the minute I\rquote d Disapparated, but I walked straight into a gang of Snatchers, Hermione, and I couldn\rquote t go anywhere!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A gang of what?\rdblquote  asked Harry, as Hermione threw herself down into a chair with her arms and legs crossed so tightly it seemed un\-likely that she would unravel them for several years.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snatchers,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote They\rquote re everywhere \emdash  gangs trying to earn gold by rounding up Muggle-borns and blood traitors, there\rquote s a reward from the Ministry for everyone captured. I was on my own and I look like I might be school age; they got really excited, thought I was a Muggle-born in hiding. I had to talk fast to get out of being dragged to the Ministry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did you say to them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Told them I was Stan Shunpike. First person I could think of.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And they believed that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They weren\rquote t the brightest. One of them was definitely part troll, the smell off him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron glanced at Hermione, clearly hopeful she might soften at this small instance of humor, but her expression remained stony above her tightly knotted limbs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway, they had a row about whether I was Stan or not. It was a bit pathetic to be honest, but there were still five of them and only one of me and they\rquote d taken my wand. Then two of them got into a fight and while the others were distracted I managed to hit the one holding me in the stomach, grabbed his wand, Disarmed the bloke holding mine, and Disapparated. I didn\rquote t do it so well, Splinched myself again\rdblquote  \emdash  Ron held up his right hand to show two missing fingernails; Hermione raised her eyebrows coldly \emdash  \ldblquote and I came out miles from where you were. By the time I got back to that bit of riverbank where we\rquote d been \'85 you\rquote d gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gosh, what a gripping story,\rdblquote  Hermione said in the lofty voice she adopted when wishing to wound. \ldblquote You must have been simply terrified. Meanwhile we went to Godric\rquote s Hollow and, let\rquote s think,\lang3081  \lang1033 what happened there, Harry? Oh yes, You-Know-Who\rquote s snake turned up, it nearly killed both of us, and then You-Know-Who himself arrived and missed us by about a second.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  Ron said, gaping from her to Harry, but Hermione ignored him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Imagine losing fingernails, Harry! That really puts our sufferings into perspective, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly, \ldblquote Ron just saved my life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She appeared not to have heard him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One thing I would like to know, though,\rdblquote  she said, fixing her eyes on a spot a foot over Ron\rquote s head. \ldblquote How exactly did you find us tonight? That\rquote s important. Once we know, we\rquote ll be able to make sure we\rquote re not visited by anyone else we don\rquote t want to see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron glared at her, then pulled a small silver object from his jeans pocket.\par
\ldblquote This.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She had to look at Ron to see what he was showing them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Deluminator?\rdblquote  she asked, so surprised she forgot to look cold and fierce.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t just turn the lights on and off,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know how it works or why it happened then and not any other time, because I\rquote ve been wanting to come back ever since I left. But I was listening to the radio really early on Christmas morning and I heard \'85 I heard you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was looking at Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You heard me on the radio?\rdblquote  she asked incredulously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I heard you coming out of my pocket. Your voice,\rdblquote  he held up the Deluminator again, \ldblquote came out of this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what exactly did I say?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, her tone some\-where between skepticism and curiosity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My name. \lquote Ron.\rquote  And you said \'85 something about a wand. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione turned a fiery shade of scarlet. Harry remembered: It had been the first time Ron\rquote s name had been said aloud by either of them since the day he had left; Hermione had mentioned it when talking about repairing Harry\rquote s wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So I took it out,\rdblquote  Ron went on, looking at the Deluminator, \ldblquote and it didn\rquote t seem different or anything, but I was sure I\rquote d heard you. So I clicked it. And the light went out in my room, but another light appeared right outside the window.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron raised his empty hand and pointed in front of him, his eyes focused on something neither Harry nor Hermione could see.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was a ball of light, kind of pulsing, and bluish, like that light you get around a Portkey, you know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry and Hermione together automatically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew this was it,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I grabbed my stuff\lang3081  \lang1033 and packed it, then I put on my rucksack and went out into the garden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The little ball of light was hovering there, waiting for me, and when I came out it bobbed along a bit and I followed it behind the shed and then it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well, it went inside me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry?\rdblquote  said Harry, sure he had not heard correctly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It sort of floated toward me,\rdblquote  said Ron, illustrating the move\-ment with his free index finger, \ldblquote right to my chest, and then \emdash  it just went straight through. It was here,\rdblquote  he touched a point close to his heart, \ldblquote I could feel it, it was hot. And once it was inside me I knew what I was supposed to do, I knew it would take me where\lang3081  \lang1033 I needed to go. So I Disapparated and came out on the side of a hill. There was snow everywhere. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We were there,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We spent two nights there, and the second night I kept thinking I could hear someone moving around in the dark and calling out!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, that would\rquote ve been me,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Your protective spells work, anyway, because I couldn\rquote t see you and I couldn\rquote t hear you. I was sure you were around, though, so in the end I got in my sleeping bag and waited for one of you to appear. I thought you\rquote d have to show yourselves when you packed up the tent.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, actually,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote We\rquote ve been Disapparating under the Invisibility Cloak as an extra precaution. And we left really early, because, as Harry says, we\rquote d heard somebody blundering around.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I stayed on that hill all day,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I kept hoping you\rquote d appear. But when it started to get dark I knew I must have missed you, so I clicked the Deluminator again, the blue light came out and went inside me, and I Disapparated and arrived here in these woods. I still couldn\rquote t see you, so I just had to hope one of you would show yourselves in the end \emdash  and Harry did. Well, I saw the doe first, obviously.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You saw the what?\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They explained what had happened, and as the story of the silver doe and the sword in the pool unfolded, Hermione frowned from one to the other of them, concentrating so hard she forgot to keep her limbs locked together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it must have been a Patronus!\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Couldn\rquote t you see who was casting it? Didn\rquote t you see anyone? And it led you to the sword! I can\rquote t believe this! Then what happened?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron explained how he had watched Harry jump into the pool and had waited for him to resurface; how he had realized that some\-thing was wrong, dived in, and saved Harry, then returned for the sword. He got as far as the opening of the locket, then hesitated, and Harry cut in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and Ron stabbed it with the sword.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And \'85 and it went? Just like that?\rdblquote  she whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it \emdash  it screamed,\rdblquote  said Harry with half a glance at Ron. \ldblquote Here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He threw the locket into her lap; gingerly she picked it up and examined its punctured windows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Deciding that it was at last safe to do so, Harry removed the Shield Charm with a wave of Hermione\rquote s wand and turned to Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you just say you got away from the Snatchers with a spare wand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron, who had been watching Hermione examining the locket. \ldblquote Oh \emdash  oh yeah.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He tugged open a buckle on his rucksack and pulled a short, dark wand out of its pocket. \ldblquote Here. I figured it\rquote s always handy to have a backup.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were right,\rdblquote  said Harry, holding out his hand. \ldblquote Mine\rquote s broken.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re kidding?\rdblquote  Ron said, but at that moment Hermione got to her feet, and he looked apprehensive again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione put the vanquished Horcrux into the beaded bag, then climbed back into her bed and settled down without another word.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron passed Harry the new wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote About the best you could hope for, I think,\rdblquote  murmured Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Could\rquote ve been worse. Remember those birds she set on me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I still haven\rquote t ruled it out,\rdblquote  came Hermione\rquote s muffled voice from beneath her blankets, but Harry saw Ron smiling slightly as he pulled his maroon pajamas out of his rucksack.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 20\par
\pard\qc Xenophilius Lovegood\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry had not expected Hermione\rquote s anger to abate over-night, and was therefore unsurprised that she com\-municated mainly by dirty looks and pointed silences the next morning. Ron responded by maintaining an unnaturally somber demeanor in her presence as an outward sign of continuing re\-morse. In fact, when all three of them were together Harry felt like the only non-mourner at a poorly attended funeral. During those few moments he spent alone with Harry, however (collect\-ing water and searching the undergrowth for mushrooms), Ron became shamelessly cheery.\par
\ldblquote Someone helped us,\rdblquote  he kept saying. \ldblquote Someone sent that doe. Someone\rquote s on our side. One Horcrux down, mate!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bolstered by the destruction of the locket, they set to debating the possible locations of the other Horcruxes, and even though they had discussed the matter so often before, Harry felt optimistic, cer\-tain that more breakthroughs would succeed the first. Hermione\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033 sulkiness could not mar his buoyant spirits: The sudden upswing in their fortunes, the appearance of the mysterious doe, the recovery of Gryffindor\rquote s sword, and above all, Ron\rquote s return, made Harry so happy that it was quite difficult to maintain a straight face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Late in the afternoon he and Ron escaped Hermione\rquote s baleful presence again, and under the pretense of scouring the bare hedges for nonexistent blackberries, they continued their ongoing exchange of news. Harry had finally managed to tell Ron the whole story of his and Hermione\rquote s various wanderings, right up to the full story of what had happened at Godric\rquote s Hollow; Ron was now filling Harry in on everything he had discovered about the wider Wizard\-ing world during his weeks away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and how did you find out about the Taboo?\rdblquote  he asked Harry after explaining the many desperate attempts of Muggle-borns to evade the Ministry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You and Hermione have stopped saying You-Know-Who\rquote s name!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, yeah. Well, it\rquote s just a bad habit we\rquote ve slipped into,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But I haven\rquote t got a problem calling him \lang3081 V \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO!\rdblquote  roared Ron, causing Harry to jump into the hedge and Hermione (nose buried in a book at the tent entrance) to scowl over at them. \ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  said Ron, wrenching Harry back out of the brambles, \ldblquote but the name\rquote s been jinxed, Harry, that\rquote s how they track people! Using his name breaks protective enchantments, it causes some kind of magical disturbance \emdash  it\rquote s how they found us in Tot\-tenham Court Road!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because we used his \i name\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Exactly! You\rquote ve got to give them credit, it makes sense. It was\lang3081  \lang1033 only people who were serious about standing up to him, like Dum\-bledore, who ever dared use it. Now they\rquote ve put a Taboo on it, any\-one who says it is trackable \emdash  quick-and-easy way to find Order members! They nearly got Kingsley \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re kidding?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, a bunch of Death Eaters cornered him, Bill said, but he fought his way out. He\rquote s on the run now, just like us.\rdblquote  Ron scratched his chin thoughtfully with the end of his wand. \ldblquote You don\rquote t reckon Kingsley could have sent that doe?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His Patronus is a lynx, we saw it at the wedding, remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They moved farther along the hedge, away from the tent and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \'85 you don\rquote t reckon it could\rquote ve been Dumbledore?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked a little embarrassed, but said in a low voice, \ldblquote Dum\-bledore \'85 the doe? I mean,\rdblquote  Ron was watching Harry out of the corners of his eyes, \ldblquote he had the real sword last, didn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not laugh at Ron, because he understood too well the longing behind the question. The idea that Dumbledore had man\-aged to come back to them, that he was watching over them, would have been inexpressibly comforting. He shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s dead,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I saw it happen, I saw the body. He\rquote s definitely gone. Anyway, his Patronus was a phoenix, not a doe.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Patronuses can change, though, can\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Tonks\rquote s changed, didn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but if Dumbledore was alive, why wouldn\rquote t he show him\-self? Why wouldn\rquote t he just hand us the sword?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Search me,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Same reason he didn\rquote t give it to you while he was alive? Same reason he left you an old Snitch and Hermione a book of kids\rquote  stories?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which is what?\rdblquote  asked Harry, turning to look Ron full in the face, desperate for the answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Sometimes I\rquote ve thought, when I\rquote ve been a bit hacked off, he was having a laugh or \emdash  or he just wanted to make it more difficult. But I don\rquote t think so, not anymore. He knew what he was doing when he gave me the Deluminator, didn\rquote t he? He \emdash  well,\rdblquote  Ron\rquote s ears turned bright red and he became engrossed in a tuft of grass at his feet, which he prodded with his toe, \ldblquote he must\rquote ve known I\rquote d run out on you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Harry corrected him. \ldblquote He must\rquote ve known you\rquote d always want to come back.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked grateful, but still awkward. Partly to change the sub\-ject, Harry said, \ldblquote Speaking of Dumbledore, have you heard what Skeeter wrote about him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron at once, \ldblquote people are talking about it quite a lot. \rquote Course, if things were different, it\rquote d be huge news, Dumble\-dore being pals with Grindelwald, but now it\rquote s just something to laugh about for people who didn\rquote t like Dumbledore, and a bit of a slap in the face for everyone who thought he was such a good bloke. I don\rquote t know that it\rquote s such a big deal, though. He was really young when they \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Our age,\rdblquote  said Harry, just as he had retorted to Hermione, and something in his face seemed to decide Ron against pursuing the subject.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A large spider sat in the middle of a frosted web in the brambles. Harry took aim at it with the wand Ron had given him the previous\lang3081  \lang1033 night, which Hermione had since condescended to examine, and had decided was made of blackthorn.\par
\ldblquote\i Engorgio.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The spider gave a little shiver, bouncing slightly in the web. Harry tried again. This time the spider grew slightly larger.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop that,\rdblquote  said Ron sharply. \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry I said Dumbledore was young, okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had forgotten Ron\rquote s hatred of spiders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry \emdash  \i Reducio.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The spider did not shrink. Harry looked down at the blackthorn wand. Every minor spell he had cast with it so far that day had seemed less powerful than those he had produced with his phoenix wand. The new one felt intrusively unfamiliar, like having somebody else\rquote s hand sewn to the end of his arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You just need to practice,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who had approached them noiselessly from behind and had stood watching anxiously as Harry tried to enlarge and reduce the spider. \ldblquote It\rquote s all a matter of confidence, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He knew why she wanted it to be all right: She still felt guilty about breaking his wand. He bit back the retort that sprang to his lips, that she could take the blackthorn wand if she thought it made no difference, and he would have hers instead. Keen for them all to be friends again, however, he agreed; but when Ron gave Hermi\-one a tentative smile, she stalked off and vanished behind her book once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All three of them returned to the tent when darkness fell, and Harry took first watch. Sitting in the entrance, he tried to make the blackthorn wand levitate small stones at his feet; but his magic still seemed clumsier and less powerful than it had done before.\lang3081  \lang1033 Hermione was lying on her bunk reading, while Ron, after many nervous glances up at her, had taken a small wooden wireless out of his rucksack and started to try and tune it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s this one program,\rdblquote  he told Harry in a low voice, \ldblquote that tells the news like it really is. All the others are on You-Know-Who\rquote s side and are following the Ministry line, but this one \'85 you wait till you hear it, it\rquote s great. Only they can\rquote t do it every night, they have to keep changing locations in case they\rquote re raided, and you need a password to tune in. \'85 Trouble is, I missed the last one. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He drummed lightly on the top of the radio with his wand, mut\-tering random words under his breath. He threw Hermione many covert glances, plainly fearing an angry outburst, but for all the no\-tice she took of him he might not have been there. For ten minutes or so Ron tapped and muttered, Hermione turned the pages of her book, and Harry continued to practice with the blackthorn wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Finally Hermione climbed down from her bunk. Ron ceased his tapping at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If it\rquote s annoying you, I\rquote ll stop!\rdblquote  he told Hermione nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione did not deign to respond, but approached Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need to talk,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked at the book still clutched in her hand. It was \i The Life and Lies of\lang3081  \lang1033 Albus Dumbledore.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  he said apprehensively. It flew through his mind that there was a chapter on him in there; he was not sure he felt up to hearing Rita\rquote s version of his relationship with Dumbledore. Hermi\-one\rquote s answer, however, was completely unexpected.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want to go and see Xenophilius Lovegood.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stared at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Xenophilius Lovegood. Luna\rquote s father. I want to go and talk to him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She took a deep breath, as though bracing herself, and said, \ldblquote It\rquote s that mark, the mark in \i Beedle the Bard.\i0  Look at this!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She thrust \i The Life and Lies of\lang3081  \lang1033 Albus Dumbledore\i0  under Harry\rquote s unwilling eyes and he saw a photograph of the original letter that Dumbledore had written Grindelwald, with Dumbledore\rquote s famil\-iar thin, slanting handwriting. He hated seeing absolute proof that Dumbledore really had written those words, that they had not been Rita\rquote s invention.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The signature,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Look at the signature, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He obeyed. For a moment he had no idea what she was talking about, but, looking more closely with the aid of his lit wand, he saw that Dumbledore had replaced the \i A \i0 of\lang3081  \lang1033 Albus with a tiny version of the same triangular mark inscribed upon \i The Tales of Beedle the Bard.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  what are you \emdash  ?\rdblquote  said Ron tentatively, but Hermione quelled him with a look and turned back to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It keeps cropping up, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote I know Viktor said it was Grindelwald\rquote s mark, but it was definitely on that old grave in Godric\rquote s Hollow, and the dates on the headstone were long before Grindelwald came along! And now this! Well, we can\rquote t ask Dumble\-dore or Grindelwald what it means \emdash  I don\rquote t even know whether Grindelwald\rquote s still alive \emdash  but we can ask Mr. Lovegood. He was wearing the symbol at the wedding. I\rquote m sure this is important, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer immediately. He looked into her intense, eager face and then out into the surrounding darkness, thinking.\lang3081  \lang1033 After a long pause he said, \ldblquote Hermione, we don\rquote t need another God\-ric\rquote s Hollow. We talked ourselves into going there, and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it keeps appearing, Harry! Dumbledore left me \i The Tales of Beedle the Bard,\i0  how do you know we\rquote re not supposed to find out about the sign?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here we go again!\rdblquote  Harry felt slightly exasperated. \ldblquote We keep trying to convince ourselves Dumbledore left us secret signs and clues \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Deluminator turned out to be pretty useful,\rdblquote  piped up Ron. \ldblquote I think Hermione\rquote s right, I think we ought to go and see Lovegood.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry threw him a dark look. He was quite sure that Ron\rquote s sup\-port of Hermione had little to do with a desire to know the meaning of the triangular rune.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It won\rquote t be like Godric\rquote s Hollow,\rdblquote  Ron added, \ldblquote Lovegood\rquote s on your side, Harry, \i The Quibbler\rquote s\i0  been for you all along, it keeps tell\-ing everyone they\rquote ve got to help you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sure this is important!\rdblquote  said Hermione earnestly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But don\rquote t you think if it was, Dumbledore would have told me about it before he died?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe \'85 maybe it\rquote s something you need to find out for your\-self,\rdblquote  said Hermione with a faint air of clutching at straws.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron sycophantically, \ldblquote that makes sense.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it doesn\rquote t,\rdblquote  snapped Hermione, \ldblquote but I still think we ought to talk to Mr. Lovegood. A symbol that links Dumbledore, Grin\-delwald, and Godric\rquote s Hollow? Harry, I\rquote m sure we ought to know about this!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we should vote on it,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Those in favor of going to see Lovegood \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His hand flew into the air before Hermione\rquote s. Her lips quivered suspiciously as she raised her own.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Outvoted, Harry, sorry,\rdblquote  said Ron, clapping him on the back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  said Harry, half amused, half irritated. \ldblquote Only, once we\rquote ve seen Lovegood, let\rquote s try and look for some more Horcruxes, shall we? Where do the Lovegoods live, anyway? Do either of you know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, they\rquote re not far from my place,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I dunno exactly where, but Mum and Dad always point toward the hills whenever they mention them. Shouldn\rquote t be hard to find.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Hermione had returned to her bunk, Harry lowered his voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You only agreed to try and get back in her good books.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All\rquote s fair in love and war,\rdblquote  said Ron brightly, \ldblquote and this is a bit of both. Cheer up, it\rquote s the Christmas holidays, Luna\rquote ll be home!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had an excellent view of the village of Ottery St. Catchpole from the breezy hillside to which they Disapparated next morning. From their high vantage point the village looked like a collection of toy houses in the great slanting shafts of sunlight stretching to earth in the breaks between clouds. They stood for a minute or two looking toward the Burrow, their hands shadowing their eyes, but all they could make out were the high hedges and trees of the orchard, which afforded the crooked little house protection from Muggle eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s weird, being this near, but not going to visit,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s not like you haven\rquote t just seen them. You were there for Christmas,\rdblquote  said Hermione coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wasn\rquote t at the Burrow!\rdblquote  said Ron with an incredulous laugh. \ldblquote Do you think I was going to go back there and tell them all I\rquote d walked out on you? Yeah, Fred and George would\rquote ve been great about it. And Ginny, she\rquote d have been really understanding.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But where have you been, then?\rdblquote  asked Hermione, surprised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bill and Fleur\rquote s new place. Shell Cottage. Bill\rquote s always been de\-cent to me. He \emdash  he wasn\rquote t impressed when he heard what I\rquote d done, but he didn\rquote t go on about it. He knew I was really sorry. None of the rest of the family know I was there. Bill told Mum he and Fleur weren\rquote t going home for Christmas because they wanted to spend it alone. You know, first holiday after they were married. I don\rquote t think Fleur minded. You know how much she hates Celestina Warbeck.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron turned his back on the Burrow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s try up here,\rdblquote  he said, leading the way over the top of the hill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They walked for a few hours, Harry, at Hermione\rquote s insistence, hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak. The cluster of low hills ap\-peared to be uninhabited apart from one small cottage, which seemed deserted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you think it\rquote s theirs, and they\rquote ve gone away for Christmas?\rdblquote  said Hermione, peering through the window at a neat little kitchen with geraniums on the windowsill. Ron snorted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen, I\rquote ve got a feeling you\rquote d be able to tell who lived there if you looked through the Lovegoods\rquote  window. Let\rquote s try the next lot of hills.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 So they Disapparated a few miles farther north.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aha!\rdblquote  shouted Ron, as the wind whipped their hair and clothes. Ron was pointing upward, toward the top of the hill on which they had appeared, where a most strange-looking house rose vertically against the sky, a great black cylinder with a ghostly moon hanging behind it in the afternoon sky. \ldblquote That\rquote s got to be Luna\rquote s house, who else would live in a place like that? It looks like a giant rook!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s nothing like a bird,\rdblquote  said Hermione, frowning at the tower.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was talking about a chess rook,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote A castle to you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s legs were the longest and he reached the top of the hill first. When Harry and Hermione caught up with him, panting and clutching stitches in their sides, they found him grinning broadly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s theirs,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Look.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Three hand-painted signs had been tacked to a broken-down gate. The first read,\par
\par
\pard\qc THE QUIBBLER. EDITOR: X. LOVEGOOD\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj the second,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\pard\qc PICK YOUR OWN MISTLETOE\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj the third,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\pard\qc\lang3081 KEEP OFF THE DIRIGIBLE PLUMS\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
The gate creaked as they opened it. The zigzagging path leading to the front door was overgrown with a variety of odd plants, includ\-ing a bush covered in the orange radishlike fruit Luna sometimes wore as earrings. Harry thought he recognized a Snargaluff and gave the wizened stump a wide berth. Two aged crab apple trees, bent with the wind, stripped of leaves but still heavy with berry-sized red fruits and bushy crowns of white-beaded mistletoe, stood sentinel on either side of the front door. A little owl with a slightly flattened, hawklike head peered down at them from one of the branches.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d better take off the Invisibility Cloak, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermi\-one. \ldblquote It\rquote s you Mr. Lovegood wants to help, not us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did as she suggested, handing her the Cloak to stow in the beaded bag. She then rapped three times on the thick black door,\lang3081  \lang1033 which was studded with iron nails and bore a knocker shaped like an eagle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Barely ten seconds passed, then the door was flung open and there stood Xenophilius Lovegood, barefoot and wearing what appeared to be a stained nightshirt. His long white candyfloss hair was dirty and unkempt. Xenophilius had been positively dapper at Bill and Fleur\rquote s wedding by comparison.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? What is it? Who are you? What do you want?\rdblquote  he cried in a high-pitched, querulous voice, looking first at Hermione, then at Ron, and finally at Harry, upon which his mouth fell open in a perfect, comical O.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello, Mr. Lovegood,\rdblquote  said Harry, holding out his hand. \ldblquote I\rquote m Harry, Harry Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius did not take Harry\rquote s hand, although the eye that was not pointing inward at his nose slid straight to the scar on Harry\rquote s forehead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Would it be okay if we came in?\rdblquote  asked Harry. \ldblquote There\rquote s some\-thing we\rquote d like to ask you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85 I\rquote m not sure that\rquote s advisable,\rdblquote  whispered Xenophilius. He swallowed and cast a quick look around the garden. \ldblquote Rather a shock \'85 My word \'85 I\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I\rquote m afraid I don\rquote t really think I ought to\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It won\rquote t take long,\rdblquote  said Harry, slightly disappointed by this less-than-warm welcome.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  oh, all right then. Come in, quickly. \i Quickly\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were barely over the threshold when Xenophilius slammed the door shut behind them. They were standing in the most peculiar kitchen Harry had ever seen. The room was perfectly circular, so that it felt like being inside a giant pepper pot. Everything was curved\lang3081  \lang1033 to fit the walls \emdash  the stove, the sink, and the cupboards \emdash  and all of it had been painted with flowers, insects, and birds in bright pri\-mary colors. Harry thought he recognized Luna\rquote s style: The effect, in such an enclosed space, was slightly overwhelming.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In the middle of the floor, a wrought-iron spiral staircase led to the upper levels. There was a great deal of clattering and banging coming from overhead: Harry wondered what Luna could be doing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d better come up,\rdblquote  said Xenophilius, still looking extremely uncomfortable, and he led the way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The room above seemed to be a combination of living room and workplace, and as such, was even more cluttered than the kitchen. Though much smaller and entirely round, the room somewhat re\-sembled the Room of Requirement on the unforgettable occasion that it had transformed itself into a gigantic labyrinth comprised of centuries of hidden objects. There were piles upon piles of books and papers on every surface. Delicately made models of creatures Harry did not recognize, all flapping wings or snapping jaws, hung from the ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Luna was not there: The thing that was making such a racket was a wooden object covered in magically turning cogs and wheels. It looked like the bizarre offspring of a workbench and a set of old shelves, but after a moment Harry deduced that it was an old-fashioned printing press, due to the fact that it was churning out \i Quibblers.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excuse me,\rdblquote  said Xenophilius, and he strode over to the ma\-chine, seized a grubby tablecloth from beneath an immense number of books and papers, which all tumbled onto the floor, and threw it over the press, somewhat muffling the loud bangs and clatters. He then faced Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why have you come here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before Harry could speak, however, Hermione let out a small cry of shock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Lovegood \emdash  what\rquote s that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was pointing at an enormous, gray spiral horn, not unlike that of a unicorn, which had been mounted on the wall, protruding several feet into the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is the horn of a Crumple-Horned Snorkack,\rdblquote  said Xeno\-philius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No it isn\rquote t!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  muttered Harry, embarrassed, \ldblquote now\rquote s not the moment \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Harry, it\rquote s an Erumpent horn! It\rquote s a Class B Tradeable Material and it\rquote s an extraordinarily dangerous thing to have in a house!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you know it\rquote s an Erumpent horn?\rdblquote  asked Ron, edging away from the horn as fast as he could, given the extreme clutter of the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s a description in \i Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them\i0 ! Mr. Lovegood, you need to get rid of it straightaway, don\rquote t you know it can explode at the slightest touch?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Crumple-Horned Snorkack,\rdblquote  said Xenophilius very clearly, a mulish look upon his face, \ldblquote is a shy and highly magical creature, and its horn \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Lovegood, I recognize the grooved markings around the base, that\rquote s an Erumpent horn and it\rquote s incredibly dangerous \emdash  I don\rquote t know where you got it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\ldblquote I \lang1033 bought it,\rdblquote  said Xenophilius dogmatically, \ldblquote two weeks ago, from a delightful young wizard who knew of my interest in the exquisite\lang3081  \lang1033 Snorkack. A Christmas surprise for my Luna. Now,\rdblquote  he said, turning to Harry, \ldblquote why exactly have you come here, Mr. Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need some help,\rdblquote  said Harry, before Hermione could start again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Xenophilius. \ldblquote Help. Hmm.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His good eye moved again to Harry\rquote s scar. He seemed simultane\-ously terrified and mesmerized.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes. The thing is \'85 helping Harry Potter \'85 rather danger\-ous\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aren\rquote t you the one who keeps telling everyone it\rquote s their first duty to help Harry?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote In that magazine of yours?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius glanced behind him at the concealed printing press, still banging and clattering beneath the tablecloth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  yes, I have expressed that view. However \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s for everyone else to do, not you personally?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius did not answer. He kept swallowing, his eyes darting between the three of them. Harry had the impression that he was undergoing some painful internal struggle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Luna?\rdblquote  asked Hermione. \ldblquote Let\rquote s see what she thinks.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius gulped. He seemed to be steeling himself. Finally he said in a shaky voice difficult to hear over the noise of the printing press, \ldblquote Luna is down at the stream, fishing for Freshwater Plimpies. She \'85 she will like to see you. I\rquote ll go and call her and then \emdash  yes, very well. I shall try to help you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He disappeared down the spiral staircase and they heard the front door open and close. They looked at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cowardly old wart,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Luna\rquote s got ten times his guts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s probably worried about what\rquote ll happen to them if the Death Eaters find out I was here,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I agree with Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Awful old hypocrite, telling everyone else to help you and trying to worm out of it him\-self. And for heaven\rquote s sake keep away from that horn.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry crossed to the window on the far side of the room. He could see a stream, a thin, glittering ribbon lying far below them at the base of the hill. They were very high up; a bird fluttered past the window as he stared in the direction of the Burrow, now invis\-ible beyond another line of hills. Ginny was over there somewhere. They were closer to each other today than they had been since Bill and Fleur\rquote s wedding, but she could have no idea he was gazing to\-ward her now, thinking of her. He supposed he ought to be glad of it; anyone he came into contact with was in danger, Xenophilius\rquote s attitude proved that.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned away from the window and his gaze fell upon another peculiar object standing upon the cluttered, curved sideboard: a stone bust of a beautiful but austere-looking witch wearing a most bizarre-looking headdress. Two objects that resembled golden ear trumpets curved out from the sides. A tiny pair of glittering blue wings was stuck to a leather strap that ran over the top of her head, while one of the orange radishes had been stuck to a second strap around her forehead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at this,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fetching,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Surprised he didn\rquote t wear that to the wedding.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They heard the front door close, and a moment later Xenophil\-ius had climbed back up the spiral staircase into the room, his thin legs now encased in Wellington boots, bearing a tray of ill-assorted teacups and a steaming teapot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, you have spotted my pet invention,\rdblquote  he said, shoving the\lang3081  \lang1033 tray into Hermione\rquote s arms and joining Harry at the statue\rquote s side. \ldblquote Modeled, fittingly enough, upon the head of the beautiful Rowena Ravenclaw. \lquote\i Wit beyond measure is man\rquote s greatest treasure\i0 !\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He indicated the objects like ear trumpets.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote These are the Wrackspurt siphons \emdash  to remove all sources of distraction from the thinker\rquote s immediate area. Here,\rdblquote  he pointed out the tiny wings, \ldblquote a billywig propeller, to induce an elevated frame of mind. Finally,\rdblquote  he pointed to the orange radish, \ldblquote the Dirigible Plum, so as to enhance the ability to accept the extraordinary.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius strode back to the tea tray, which Hermione had man\-aged to balance precariously on one of the cluttered side tables.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote May I offer you all an infusion of Gurdyroots?\rdblquote  said Xenophil\-ius. \ldblquote We make it ourselves.\rdblquote  As he started to pour out the drink, which was as deeply purple as beetroot juice, he added, \ldblquote Luna is down beyond Bottom Bridge, she is most excited that you are here. She ought not to be too long, she has caught nearly enough Plimp\-ies to make soup for all of us. Do sit down and help yourselves to sugar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now,\rdblquote  he removed a tottering pile of papers from an armchair and sat down, his Wellingtoned legs crossed, \ldblquote how may I help you, Mr. Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Harry, glancing at Hermione, who nodded encour\-agingly, \ldblquote it\rquote s about that symbol you were wearing around your neck at Bill and Fleur\rquote s wedding, Mr. Lovegood. We wondered what it meant.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius raised his eyebrows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you referring to the sign of the Deathly Hallows?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 21\par
\pard\qc The Tale of The Three Brothers\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry turned to look at Ron and Hermione. Neither of them seemed to have understood what Xenophilius had said either.\par
\ldblquote The Deathly Hallows?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Xenophilius. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t heard of them? I\rquote m not surprised. Very, very few wizards believe. Witness that knuckle-headed young man at your brother\rquote s wedding,\rdblquote  he nodded at Ron, \ldblquote who attacked me for sporting the symbol of a well-known Dark wizard! Such ignorance. There is nothing Dark about the Hallows \emdash  at least, not in that crude sense. One simply uses the symbol to reveal oneself to other believers, in the hope that they might help one with the Quest.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stirred several lumps of sugar into his Gurdyroot infusion and drank some.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  said Harry. \lang3081\ldblquote I \lang1033 still don\rquote t really understand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To be polite, he took a sip from his cup too, and almost gagged:\lang3081  \lang1033 The stuff was quite disgusting, as though someone had liquidized bogey-flavored Every Flavor Beans.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you see, believers seek the Deathly Hallows,\rdblquote  said Xeno\-philius, smacking his lips in apparent appreciation of the Gurdyroot infusion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what \i are\i0  the Deathly Hallows?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius set aside his empty teacup.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I assume that you are all familiar with \ldblquote The Tale of the Three Brothers\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said, \ldblquote No,\rdblquote  but Ron and Hermione both said, \ldblquote Yes.\rdblquote  Xeno\-philius nodded gravely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, well, Mr. Potter, the whole thing starts with \lquote The Tale of the Three Brothers\rquote  \'85 I have a copy somewhere. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He glanced vaguely around the room, at the piles of parchment and books, but Hermione said, \ldblquote I\rquote ve got a copy, Mr. Lovegood, I\rquote ve got it right here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she pulled out \i The Tales of\lang3081  \lang1033 Beedle the Bard\i0  from the small, beaded bag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The original?\rdblquote  inquired Xenophilius sharply, and when she nod\-ded, he said, \ldblquote Well then, why don\rquote t you read it aloud? Much the best way to make sure we all understand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 all right,\rdblquote  said Hermione nervously. She opened the book, and Harry saw that the symbol they were investigating headed the top of the page as she gave a little cough, and began to read.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i There were once three brothers who were traveling along a lonely, winding road at twilight\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Midnight, our mum always told us,\rdblquote  said Ron, who had stretched out, arms behind his head, to listen. Hermione shot him a look of annoyance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry, I just think it\rquote s a bit spookier if it\rquote s midnight!\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, because we really need a bit more fear in our lives,\rdblquote  said Harry before he could stop himself. Xenophilius did not seem to be paying much attention, but was staring out of the window at the sky. \ldblquote Go on, Hermione.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i In time, the brothers reached a river too deep to wade through and too dangerous to swim across. However, these brothers were learned in the magical arts, and so they simply waved their wands and made a bridge appear across the treacherous water. They were halfway across it when they found their path blocked by a hooded figure.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i And Death spoke to them\i0  \emdash\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  interjected Harry, \ldblquote but \i Death\i0  spoke to them?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s a fairy tale, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right, sorry. Go on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i And Death spoke to them. He was angry that he had been cheated out of three new victims, for travelers usually drowned in the river. But Death was cunning. He pretended to congratulate the three brothers upon their magic, and said that each had earned a prize for having been clever enough to evade him.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i So the oldest brother, who was a combative man, asked for a wand more powerful than any in existence: a wand that must always win duels for its owner, a wand worthy of a wizard who had conquered Death! So Death crossed to an elder tree on the banks of the river, fashioned a wand from a branch that hung there, and gave it to the oldest brother.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Then the second brother, who was an arrogant man, decided that he wanted to humiliate Death still further, and asked for the power to recall others from Death. So Death picked up a stone from the riverbank and gave it to the second brother, and told him that the stone would have the power to bring back the dead.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i And then Death asked the third and youngest brother what he would like. The youngest brother was the humblest and also the wisest of the brothers, and he did not trust Death. So he asked for something that would enable him to go forth from that place without being fol\-lowed by Death. And Death, most unwillingly, handed over his own Cloak of Invisibility.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Death\rquote s got an Invisibility Cloak?\rdblquote  Harry interrupted again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So he can sneak up on people,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Sometimes he gets bored of running at them, flapping his arms and shrieking\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 sorry, Hermione.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Then Death stood aside and allowed the three brothers to continue on their way, and they did so, talking with wonder of the adventure they had had, and admiring Death\rquote s gifts.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i In due course the brothers separated, each for his own destination.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i The first brother traveled on for a week or more, and reaching a distant village, sought out a fellow wizard with whom he had a quar\-rel. Naturally, with the Elder Wand as his weapon, he could not fail to win the duel that followed. Leaving his enemy dead upon the floor, the oldest brother proceeded to an inn, where he boasted loudly of the powerful wand he had snatched from Death himself, and of how it made him invincible.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i That very night, another wizard crept upon the oldest brother as he lay, wine-sodden, upon his bed. The thief took the wand and, for good measure, slit the oldest brother\rquote s throat.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i And so Death took the first brother for his own.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Meanwhile, the second brother journeyed to his own home, where he lived alone. Here he took out the stone that had the power to recall the dead, and turned it thrice in his hand. To his amazement and his\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\i delight, the figure of the girl he had once hoped to marry, before her untimely death, appeared at once before him.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Yet she was sad and cold, separated from him as by a veil. Though she had returned to the mortal world, she did not truly belong there and suffered. Finally the second brother, driven mad with hopeless longing, killed himself so as truly to join her.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i And so Death took the second brother for his own.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i But though Death searched for the third brother for many years, he was never able to find him. It was only when he had attained a great age that the youngest brother finally took off the Cloak of Invisibility and gave it to his son. And then he greeted Death as an old friend, and went with him gladly, and, equals, they departed this life.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione closed the book. It was a moment or two before Xeno\-philius seemed to realize that she had stopped reading, then he with\-drew his gaze from the window and said, \ldblquote Well, there you are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry?\rdblquote  said Hermione, sounding confused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Those are the Deathly Hallows,\rdblquote  said Xenophilius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He picked up a quill from a packed table at his elbow, and pulled a torn piece of parchment from between more books.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Elder Wand,\rdblquote  he said, and he drew a straight vertical line upon the parchment. \ldblquote The Resurrection Stone,\rdblquote  he said, and he added a circle on top of the line. \ldblquote The Cloak of Invisibility,\rdblquote  he finished, en\-closing both line and circle in a triangle, to make the symbol that so intrigued Hermione. \ldblquote Together,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote the Deathly Hallows.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But there\rquote s no mention of the words \lquote Deathly Hallows\rquote  in the story,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, of course not,\rdblquote  said Xenophilius, maddeningly smug. \ldblquote That is a children\rquote s tale, told to amuse rather than to instruct. Those of us\lang3081  \lang1033 who understand these matters, however, recognize that the ancient story refers to three objects, or Hallows, which, if united, will make the possessor master of Death.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a short silence in which Xenophilius glanced out of the window. Already the sun was low in the sky.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Luna ought to have enough Plimpies soon,\rdblquote  he said quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When you say \lquote master of Death\rquote  \emdash\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master,\rdblquote  said Xenophilius, waving an airy hand. \ldblquote Conqueror. Vanquisher. Whichever term you prefer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then \'85 do you mean \'85\rdblquote  said Hermione slowly, and Harry could tell that she was trying to keep any trace of skepticism out of her voice, \ldblquote that you believe these objects \emdash  these Hallows \emdash  actu\-ally exist?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius raised his eyebrows again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, of course.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But,\rdblquote  said Hermione, and Harry could hear her restraint starting to crack, \ldblquote Mr. Lovegood, how can you \i possibly\i0  believe \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Luna has told me all about you, young lady,\rdblquote  said Xenophilius. \ldblquote You are, I gather, not unintelligent, but painfully limited. Narrow. Close-minded.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perhaps you ought to try on the hat, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron, nodding toward the ludicrous headdress. His voice shook with the strain of not laughing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Lovegood,\rdblquote  Hermione began again. \ldblquote We all know that there are such things as Invisibility Cloaks. They are rare, but they exist. But\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, but the Third Hallow is a \i true\i0  Cloak of Invisibility, Miss Granger! I mean to say, it is not a traveling cloak imbued with a Dis\-illusionment Charm, or carrying a Bedazzling Hex, or else woven\lang3081  \lang1033 from Demiguise hair, which will hide one initially but fade with the years until it turns opaque. We are talking about a cloak that really and truly renders the wearer completely invisible, and endures eternally, giving constant and impenetrable concealment, no matter what spells are cast at it. How many cloaks have you ever seen like \i that,\i0  Miss Granger?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione opened her mouth to answer, then closed it again, looking more confused than ever. She, Harry, and Ron glanced at one another, and Harry knew that they were all thinking the same thing. It so happened that a cloak exactly like the one Xeno\-philius had just described was in the room with them at that very moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Exactly,\rdblquote  said Xenophilius, as if he had defeated them all in reasoned argument. \ldblquote None of you have ever seen such a thing. The possessor would be immeasurably rich, would he not?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He glanced out of the window again. The sky was now tinged with the faintest trace of pink.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  said Hermione, disconcerted. \ldblquote Say the Cloak existed \'85 what about the stone, Mr. Lovegood? The thing you call the Resurrection Stone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What of it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, how can that be real?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Prove that it is not,\rdblquote  said Xenophilius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked outraged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But that\rquote s \emdash  I\rquote m sorry, but that\rquote s completely ridiculous! How can I \i possibly\i0  prove it doesn\rquote t exist? Do you expect me to get hold of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 of all the pebbles in the world and test them? I mean, you could claim that \i anything\rquote s\i0  real if the only basis for believing in it is that nobody\rquote s \i proved\i0  it doesn\rquote t exist!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, you could,\rdblquote  said Xenophilius. \ldblquote I am glad to see that you are opening your mind a little.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So the Elder Wand,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, before Hermione could retort, \ldblquote you think that exists too?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, well, in that case there is endless evidence,\rdblquote  said Xenophil\-ius. \ldblquote The Elder Wand is the Hallow that is most easily traced, be\-cause of the way in which it passes from hand to hand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which is what?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which is that the possessor of the wand must capture it from its previous owner, if he is to be truly master of it,\rdblquote  said Xenophil\-ius. \ldblquote Surely you have heard of the way the wand came to Egbert the Egregious, after his slaughter of Emeric the Evil? Of how Godelot died in his own cellar after his son, Hereward, took the wand from him? Of the dreadful Loxias, who took the wand from Barnabas Deverill, whom he had killed? The bloody trail of the Elder Wand is splattered across the pages of Wizarding history.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced at Hermione. She was frowning at Xenophilius, but she did not contradict him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So where do you think the Elder Wand is now?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Alas, who knows?\rdblquote  said Xenophilius, as he gazed out of the window. \ldblquote Who knows where the Elder Wand lies hidden? The trail goes cold with Arcus and Livius. Who can say which of them really defeated Loxias, and which took the wand? And who can say who may have defeated them? History, alas, does not tell us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause. Finally Hermione asked stiffly, \ldblquote Mr. Love\-good, does the Peverell family have anything to do with the Deathly Hallows?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius looked taken aback as something shifted in Harry\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033 memory, but he could not locate it. Peverell\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 he had heard that name before. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you have been misleading me, young woman!\rdblquote  said Xeno\-philius, now sitting up much straighter in his chair and goggling at Hermione. \ldblquote I thought you were new to the Hallows Quest! Many of us Questers believe that the Peverells have everything \emdash  \i everything\i0 ! \emdash  to do with the Hallows!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who are the Peverells?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was the name on the grave with the mark on it, in Godric\rquote s Hollow,\rdblquote  said Hermione, still watching Xenophilius. \ldblquote Ignotus Peverell.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Exactly!\rdblquote  said Xenophilius, his forefinger raised pedantically. \ldblquote The sign of the Deathly Hallows on Ignotus\rquote s grave is conclusive proof!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of what?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why, that the three brothers in the story were actually the three Peverell brothers, Antioch, Cadmus, and Ignotus! That they were the original owners of the Hallows!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With another glance at the window he got to his feet, picked up the tray, and headed for the spiral staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will stay for dinner?\rdblquote  he called, as he vanished downstairs again. \ldblquote Everybody always requests our recipe for Freshwater Plimpy soup.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Probably to show the Poisoning Department at St. Mungo\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Ron under his breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry waited until they could hear Xenophilius moving about in the kitchen downstairs before speaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you think?\rdblquote  he asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Harry,\rdblquote  she said wearily, \ldblquote it\rquote s a pile of utter rubbish. This can\rquote t be what the sign really means. This must just be his weird take on it. What a waste of time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I s\rquote pose this \i is\i0  the man who brought us Crumple-Horned Snor\-kacks,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t believe it either?\rdblquote  Harry asked him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nah, that story\rquote s just one of those things you tell kids to teach them lessons, isn\rquote t it? \lquote Don\rquote t go looking for trouble, don\rquote t pick fights, don\rquote t go messing around with stuff that\rquote s best left alone! Just keep your head down, mind your own business, and you\rquote ll be okay\rquote  Come to think of it,\rdblquote  Ron added, \ldblquote maybe that story\rquote s why elder wands are supposed to be unlucky.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you talking about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One of those superstitions, isn\rquote t it? \lquote May-born witches will marry Muggles.\rquote  \lquote Jinx by twilight, undone by midnight.\rquote  \lquote Wand of elder, never prosper.\rquote  You must\rquote ve heard them. My mum\rquote s full of them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry and I were raised by Muggles,\rdblquote  Hermione reminded him. \ldblquote We were taught different superstitions.\rdblquote  She sighed deeply as a rather pungent smell drifted up from the kitchen. The one good thing about her exasperation with Xenophilius was that it seemed to have made her forget that she was annoyed at Ron. \ldblquote I think you\rquote re right,\rdblquote  she told him. \ldblquote It\rquote s just a morality tale, it\rquote s obvious which gift is best, which one you\rquote d choose \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The three of them spoke at the same time; Hermione said, \ldblquote the Cloak,\rdblquote  Ron said, \ldblquote the wand,\rdblquote  and Harry said, \ldblquote the stone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They looked at each other, half surprised, half amused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re \i supposed\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 to say the Cloak,\rdblquote  Ron told Hermione, \ldblquote but you wouldn\rquote t need to be invisible if you had the wand. \i An unbeatable wand,\i0  Hermione, come on!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve already got an Invisibility Cloak,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And it\rquote s helped us rather a lot, in case you hadn\rquote t noticed!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Whereas the wand would be bound to attract trouble \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only if you shouted about it,\rdblquote  argued Ron. \ldblquote Only if you were prat enough to go dancing around, waving it over your head, and singing, \lquote I\rquote ve got an unbeatable wand, come and have a go if you think you\rquote re hard enough.\rquote  As long as you kept your trap shut \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but \i could\i0  you keep your trap shut?\rdblquote  said Hermione, look\-ing skeptical. \ldblquote You know, the only true thing he said to us was that there have been stories about extra-powerful wands for hundreds of years.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There have?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked exasperated: The expression was so endearingly familiar that Harry and Ron grinned at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny, they crop up under differ\-ent names through the centuries, usually in the possession of some Dark wizard who\rquote s boasting about them. Professor Binns mentioned some of them, but \emdash  oh, it\rquote s all nonsense. Wands are only as pow\-erful as the wizards who use them. Some wizards just like to boast that theirs are bigger and better than other people\rquote s.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how do you know,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote that those wands \emdash  the Deathstick and the Wand of Destiny \emdash  aren\rquote t the same wand, sur\-facing over the centuries under different names?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What, and they\rquote re all really the Elder Wand, made by Death?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry laughed: The strange idea that had occurred to him was, after all, ridiculous. His wand, he reminded himself, had been of holly, not elder, and it had been made by Ollivander, whatever it had\lang3081  \lang1033 done that night Voldemort had pursued him across the skies. And if it had been unbeatable, how could it have been broken?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So why would you take the stone?\rdblquote  Ron asked him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, if you could bring people back, we could have Sirius \'85 Mad-Eye \'85 Dumbledore \'85 my parents. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neither Ron nor Hermione smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But according to Beedle the Bard, they wouldn\rquote t want to come back, would they?\rdblquote  said Harry, thinking about the tale they had just heard. \ldblquote I don\rquote t suppose there have been loads of other sto\-ries about a stone that can raise the dead, have there?\rdblquote  he asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  she replied sadly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think anyone except Mr. Love\-good could kid themselves that\rquote s possible. Beedle probably took the idea from the Sorcerer\rquote s Stone; you know, instead of a stone to make you immortal, a stone to reverse death.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The smell from the kitchen was getting stronger: It was some\-thing like burning underpants. Harry wondered whether it would be possible to eat enough of whatever Xenophilius was cooking to spare his feelings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about the Cloak, though?\rdblquote  said Ron slowly. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you realize, he\rquote s right? I\rquote ve got so used to Harry\rquote s Cloak and how good it is, I never stopped to think. I\rquote ve never heard of one like Harry\rquote s. It\rquote s infallible. We\rquote ve never been spotted under it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course not \emdash  we\rquote re invisible when we\rquote re under it, Ron!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But all the stuff he said about other cloaks, and they\rquote re not ex\-actly ten a Knut, you know, is true! It\rquote s never occurred to me before, but I\rquote ve heard stuff about charms wearing off cloaks when they get old, or them being ripped apart by spells so they\rquote ve got holes in.\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry\rquote s was owned by his dad, so it\rquote s not exactly new, is it, but it\rquote s just\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 perfect!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, all right, but Ron, the \i stone\i0  \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As they argued in whispers, Harry moved around the room, only half listening. Reaching the spiral stair, he raised his eyes absently to the next level and was distracted at once. His own face was looking back at him from the ceiling of the room above.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After a moment\rquote s bewilderment, he realized that it was not a mir\-ror, but a painting. Curious, he began to climb the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, what are you doing? I don\rquote t think you should look around when he\rquote s not here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry had already reached the next level.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Luna had decorated her bedroom ceiling with five beautifully painted faces: Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville. They were not moving as the portraits at Hogwarts moved, but there was a certain magic about them all the same: Harry thought they breathed. What appeared to be fine golden chains wove around the pictures, linking them together, but after examining them for a minute or so, Harry realized that the chains were actually one word, repeated a thousand times in golden ink: \i friends\i0  \'85 \i friends\i0  \'85 \i friends\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a great rush of affection for Luna. He looked around the room. There was a large photograph beside the bed, of a young Luna and a woman who looked very like her. They were hugging. Luna looked rather better-groomed in this picture than Harry had ever seen her in life. The picture was dusty. This struck Harry as slightly odd. He stared around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something was wrong. The pale blue carpet was also thick with\lang3081  \lang1033 dust. There were no clothes in the wardrobe, whose doors stood ajar. The bed had a cold, unfriendly look, as though it had not been slept in for weeks. A single cobweb stretched over the nearest window, across a bloodred sky.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong?\rdblquote  Hermione asked as Harry descended the stair\-case, but before he could respond, Xenophilius reached the top of the stairs from the kitchen, now holding a tray laden with bowls.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Lovegood,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Where\rquote s Luna?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Luna?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius halted on the top step.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I\rquote ve already told you. She is down at Bottom Bridge, fish\-ing for Plimpies.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So why have you only laid that tray for four?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius tried to speak, but no sound came out. The only noise was the continued chugging of the printing press, and a slight rattle from the tray as Xenophilius\rquote s hands shook.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think Luna\rquote s been here for weeks,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Her clothes are gone, her bed hasn\rquote t been slept in. Where is she? And why do you keep looking out of the window?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius dropped the tray: The bowls bounced and smashed. Harry, Ron, and Hermione drew their wands: Xenophilius froze, his hand about to enter his pocket. At that moment the printing press gave a huge bang and numerous \i Quibblers\i0  came streaming across the floor from underneath the tablecloth; the press fell silent at last.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione stooped down and picked up one of the magazines, her wand still pointing at Mr. Lovegood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, look at this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He strode over to her as quickly as he could through all the clut\-ter. The front of \i The Quibbler \i0 carried his own picture, emblazoned with the words UNDESIRABLE NUMBER ONE and captioned with the reward money.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i The Quibbler\rquote s \i0 going for a new angle, then?\rdblquote  Harry asked coldly, his mind working very fast. \ldblquote Is that what you were doing when you went into the garden, Mr. Lovegood? Sending an owl to the Ministry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius licked his lips.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They took my Luna,\rdblquote  he whispered. \ldblquote Because of what I\rquote ve been writing. They took my Luna and I don\rquote t know where she is, what they\rquote ve done to her. But they might give her back to me if I \emdash  if I\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hand over Harry?\rdblquote  Hermione finished for him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No deal,\rdblquote  said Ron flatly. \ldblquote Get out of the way, we\rquote re leaving.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius looked ghastly, a century old, his lips drawn back into a dreadful leer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They will be here at any moment. I must save Luna. I cannot lose Luna. You must not leave.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He spread his arms in front of the staircase, and Harry had a sud\-den vision of his mother doing the same thing in front of his crib.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t make us hurt you,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote Get out of the way, Mr. Lovegood.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HARRY!\rdblquote  Hermione screamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Figures on broomsticks were flying past the windows. As the three of them looked away from him, Xenophilius drew his wand. Harry realized their mistake just in time: He launched himself sideways, shoving Ron and Hermione out of harm\rquote s way as Xenophilius\rquote s Stun\-ning Spell soared across the room and hit the Erumpent horn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a colossal explosion. The sound of it seemed to blow the room apart: Fragments of wood and paper and rubble flew in all directions, along with an impenetrable cloud of thick white dust. Harry flew through the air, then crashed to the floor, unable to see as debris rained upon him, his arms over his head. He heard Her\-mione\rquote s scream, Ron\rquote s yell, and a series of sickening metallic thuds, which told him that Xenophilius had been blasted off his feet and fallen backward down the spiral stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Half buried in rubble, Harry tried to raise himself: He could barely breathe or see for dust. Half of the ceiling had fallen in, and the end of Luna\rquote s bed was hanging through the hole. The bust of Rowena Ravenclaw lay beside him with half its face missing, frag\-ments of torn parchment were floating through the air, and most of the printing press lay on its side, blocking the top of the stair\-case to the kitchen. Then another white shape moved close by, and Hermione, coated in dust like a second statue, pressed her finger to her lips.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door downstairs crashed open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t I tell you there was no need to hurry, Travers?\rdblquote  said a rough voice. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t I tell you this nutter was just raving as usual?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a bang and a scream of pain from Xenophilius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85 no \'85 upstairs \'85 Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told you last week, Lovegood, we weren\rquote t coming back for any\-thing less than some solid information! Remember last week? When you wanted to swap your daughter for that stupid bleeding head\-dress? And the week before\rdblquote  \emdash  another bang, another squeal \emdash  \ldblquote when you thought we\rquote d give her back if you offered us proof there are Crumple\rdblquote  \emdash  \i bang\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash  \ldblquote Headed\rdblquote  \emdash  \i bang\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash  \ldblquote Snorkacks?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  no \emdash  I beg you!\rdblquote  sobbed Xenophilius. \ldblquote It really is Pot\-ter! Really!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now it turns out you only called us here to try and blow us up!\rdblquote  roared the Death Eater, and there was a volley of bangs inter\-spersed with squeals of agony from Xenophilius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The place looks like it\rquote s about to fall in, Selwyn,\rdblquote  said a cool second voice, echoing up the mangled staircase. \ldblquote The stairs are completely blocked. Could try clearing it? Might bring the place down.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You lying piece of filth,\rdblquote  shouted the wizard named Selwyn. \ldblquote You\rquote ve never seen Potter in your life, have you? Thought you\rquote d lure us here to kill us, did you? And you think you\rquote ll get your girl back like this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I swear \'85 I swear \'85 Potter\rquote s upstairs!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Homenum revelio,\i0\rdblquote  said the voice at the foot of the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry heard Hermione gasp, and he had the odd sensation that something was swooping low over him, immersing his body in its shadow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s someone up there all right, Selwyn,\rdblquote  said the second man sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Potter, I tell you, it\rquote s Potter!\rdblquote  sobbed Xenophilius. \ldblquote Please \'85 please \'85 give me Luna, just let me have Luna. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can have your little girl, Lovegood,\rdblquote  said Selwyn, \ldblquote if you get up those stairs and bring me down Harry Potter. But if this is a plot, if it\rquote s a trick, if you\rquote ve got an accomplice waiting up there to ambush us, we\rquote ll see if we can spare a bit of your daughter for you to bury.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius gave a wail of fear and despair. There were scurryings\lang3081  \lang1033 and scrapings: Xenophilius was trying to get through the debris on the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on,\rdblquote  Harry whispered, \ldblquote we\rquote ve got to get out of here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He started to dig himself out under cover of all the noise Xeno\-philius was making on the staircase. Ron was buried deepest: Harry and Hermione climbed, as quietly as they could, over all the wreck\-age to where he lay, trying to prise a heavy chest of drawers off his legs. While Xenophilius\rquote s banging and scraping drew nearer and nearer, Hermione managed to free Ron with the use of a Hover Charm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  breathed Hermione, as the broken printing press blocking the top of the stairs began to tremble; Xenophilius was feet away from them. She was still white with dust. \ldblquote Do you trust me, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay then,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered, \ldblquote give me the Invisibility Cloak. Ron, you\rquote re going to put it on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Me? But Harry\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Please,\i0  \i Ron\i0 ! Harry, hold on tight to my hand, Ron, grab my shoulder.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry held out his left hand. Ron vanished beneath the Cloak. The printing press blocking the stairs was vibrating: Xenophilius was trying to shift it using a Hover Charm. Harry did not know what Hermione was waiting for.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hold tight,\rdblquote  she whispered. \ldblquote Hold tight\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 any second \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Xenophilius\rquote s paper-white face appeared over the top of the sideboard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Obliviate\i0 !\rdblquote  cried Hermione, pointing her wand first into his face, then at the floor beneath them. \ldblquote\i Deprimo\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She had blasted a hole in the sitting room floor. They fell like boulders, Harry still holding onto her hand for dear life; there was a scream from below, and he glimpsed two men trying to get out of the way as vast quantities of rubble and broken furniture rained all around them from the shattered ceiling. Hermione twisted in midair and the thundering of the collapsing house rang in Harry\rquote s ears as she dragged him once more into darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 22\par
\pard\qc The Deathly Hallows\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry fell, panting, onto grass and scrambled up at once. They seemed to have landed in the corner of a field at dusk; Hermione was already running in a circle around them, wav\-ing her wand.\par
\ldblquote\i Protego Totalum\i0  \'85 \i Salvio Hexia\i0  \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That treacherous old bleeder!\rdblquote  Ron panted, emerging from be\-neath the Invisibility Cloak and throwing it to Harry. \ldblquote Hermione, you\rquote re a genius, a total genius, I can\rquote t believe we got out of that!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Cave Inimicum\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 Didn\rquote t I \i say\i0  it was an Erumpent horn, didn\rquote t I tell him? And now his house has been blown apart!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Serves him right,\rdblquote  said Ron, examining his torn jeans and the cuts to his legs. \ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon they\rquote ll do to him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I hope they don\rquote t kill him!\rdblquote  groaned Hermione. \ldblquote That\rquote s why I wanted the Death Eaters to get a glimpse of Harry before we left, so they knew Xenophilius hadn\rquote t been lying!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why hide me, though?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re supposed to be in bed with spattergroit, Ron! They\rquote ve kidnapped Luna because her father supported Harry! What would happen to your family if they knew you\rquote re with him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what about \i your\i0  mum and dad?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re in Australia,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote They should be all right. They don\rquote t know anything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re a genius,\rdblquote  Ron repeated, looking awed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, you are, Hermione,\rdblquote  agreed Harry fervently. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know what we\rquote d do without you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She beamed, but became solemn at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about Luna?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, if they\rquote re telling the truth and she\rquote s still alive \emdash\rdblquote  began Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t say that, don\rquote t say it!\rdblquote  squealed Hermione. \ldblquote She must be alive, she must!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then she\rquote ll be in Azkaban, I expect,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Whether she survives the place, though \'85 Loads don\rquote t. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She will,\rdblquote  said Harry. He could not bear to contemplate the al\-ternative. \ldblquote She\rquote s tough, Luna, much tougher than you\rquote d think. She\rquote s probably teaching all the inmates about Wrackspurts and Nargles.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hope you\rquote re right,\rdblquote  said Hermione. She passed a hand over her eyes. \ldblquote I\rquote d feel so sorry for Xenophilius if\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  if he hadn\rquote t just tried to sell us to the Death Eaters, yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They put up the tent and retreated inside it, where Ron made them tea. After their narrow escape, the chilly, musty old place felt like home: safe, familiar, and friendly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, why did we go there?\rdblquote  groaned Hermione after a few min\-utes\rquote  silence. \ldblquote Harry, you were right, it was Godric\rquote s Hollow all over\lang3081  \lang1033 again, a complete waste of time! The Deathly Hallows \'85 such rubbish \'85 although actually,\rdblquote  a sudden thought seemed to have struck her, \ldblquote he might have made it all up, mightn\rquote t he? He probably doesn\rquote t believe in the Deathly Hallows at all, he just wanted to keep us talking until the Death Eaters arrived!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s a damn sight harder making stuff up when you\rquote re under stress than you\rquote d think. I found that out when the Snatchers caught me. It was much easier pretending to be Stan, because I knew a bit about him, than inventing a whole new person. Old Lovegood was under loads of pressure, trying to make sure we stayed put. I reckon he told us the truth, or what he thinks is the truth, just to keep us talking.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t suppose it matters,\rdblquote  sighed Hermione. \ldblquote Even if he was being honest, I never heard such a lot of nonsense in all my life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on, though,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote The Chamber of Secrets was sup\-posed to be a myth, wasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But the Deathly Hallows \i can\rquote t\i0  exist, Ron!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You keep saying that, but one of them can,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Harry\rquote s Invisibility Cloak \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote The Tale of the Three Brothers\rquote  is a story,\rdblquote  said Hermione firmly. \ldblquote A story about how humans are frightened of death. If surviving was as simple as hiding under the Invisibility Cloak, we\rquote d have ev\-erything we need already!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know. We could do with an unbeatable wand,\rdblquote  said Harry, turning the blackthorn wand he so disliked over in his fingers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s no such thing, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You said there have been loads of wands \emdash  the Deathstick and whatever they were called \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, even if you want to kid yourself the Elder Wand\rquote s real, what about the Resurrection Stone?\rdblquote  Her fingers sketched quotation marks around the name, and her tone dripped sarcasm. \ldblquote No magic can raise the dead, and that\rquote s that!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When my wand connected with You-Know-Who\rquote s, it made my mum and dad appear \'85 and Cedric \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But they weren\rquote t really back from the dead, were they?\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Those kinds of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  of pale imitations aren\rquote t the same as truly bringing someone back to life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But she, the girl in the tale, didn\rquote t really come back, did she? The story says that once people are dead, they belong with the dead. But the second brother still got to see her and talk to her, didn\rquote t he? He even lived with her for a while. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He saw concern and something less easily definable in Hermione\rquote s expression. Then, as she glanced at Ron, Harry realized that it was fear: He had scared her with his talk of living with dead people.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that Peverell bloke who\rquote s buried in Godric\rquote s Hollow,\rdblquote  he said hastily, trying to sound robustly sane, \ldblquote you don\rquote t know anything about him, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  she replied, looking relieved at the change of subject. \lang3081\ldblquote I \lang1033 looked him up after I saw the mark on his grave; if he\rquote d been any\-one famous or done anything important, I\rquote m sure he\rquote d be in one of our books. The only place I\rquote ve managed to find the name \lquote Peverell\rquote  is \i Nature\rquote s Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy.\i0  I borrowed it from Kreacher,\rdblquote  she explained as Ron raised his eyebrows. \ldblquote It lists the pure-blood families that are now extinct in the male line. Apparently the Peverells were one of the earliest families to vanish.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Extinct in the male line\rquote ?\rdblquote  repeated Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It means the name\rquote s died out,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote centuries ago, in\lang3081  \lang1033 the case of the Peverells. They could still have descendants, though, they\rquote d just be called something different.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then it came to Harry in one shining piece, the memory that had stirred at the sound of the name \ldblquote Peverell\rdblquote : a filthy old man brandishing an ugly ring in the face of a Ministry official, and he cried aloud, \ldblquote Marvolo Gaunt!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry?\rdblquote  said Ron and Hermione together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Marvolo Gaunt\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033 You-Know-Who\rquote s grandfather! In the Pensieve! With Dumbledore! Marvolo Gaunt said he was descended from the Peverells!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione looked bewildered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The ring, the ring that became the Horcrux, Marvolo Gaunt said it had the Peverell coat of arms on it! I saw him waving it in the bloke from the Ministry\rquote s face, he nearly shoved it up his nose!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Peverell coat of arms?\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply. \ldblquote Could you see what it looked like?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not really,\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to remember. \ldblquote There was nothing fancy on there, as far as I could see; maybe a few scratches. I only ever saw it really close up after it had been cracked open.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw Hermione\rquote s comprehension in the sudden widening of her eyes. Ron was looking from one to the other, astonished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey \'85 You reckon it was this sign again? The sign of the Hallows?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote  said Harry excitedly. \ldblquote Marvolo Gaunt was an igno\-rant old git who lived like a pig, all he cared about was his ancestry. If that ring had been passed down through the centuries, he might not have known what it really was. There were no books in that house, and trust me, he wasn\rquote t the type to read fairy tales to his kids. He\rquote d have loved to think the scratches on the stone were a coat of\lang3081  \lang1033 arms, because as far as he was concerned, having pure blood made you practically royal.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and that\rquote s all very interesting,\rdblquote  said Hermione cautiously, \ldblquote but Harry, if you\rquote re thinking what I think you\rquote re think \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, why not? \i Why not\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry, abandoning caution. \ldblquote It was a stone, wasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  He looked at Ron for support. \ldblquote What if it was the Resurrection Stone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s mouth fell open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey \emdash  but would it still work if Dumbledore broke \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Work? \i Work\i0 ? Ron, it never worked! \i There\rquote s no such thing as a Resurrection Stone\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione had leapt to her feet, looking exasperated and angry. \ldblquote Harry, you\rquote re trying to fit everything into the Hallows story \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Fit everything in\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he repeated. \ldblquote Hermione, it fits of its own ac\-cord! I know the sign of the Deathly Hallows was on that stone! Gaunt said he was descended from the Peverells!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A minute ago you told us you never saw the mark on the stone properly!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where d\rquote you reckon the ring is now?\rdblquote  Ron asked Harry. \ldblquote What did Dumbledore do with it after he broke it open?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry\rquote s imagination was racing ahead, far beyond Ron and Hermione\rquote s. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Three objects, or Hallows, which, if united, will make the possessor master of Death\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Master\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Conqueror\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Vanquisher\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 And he saw himself, possessor of the Hallows, facing Volde\-mort, whose Horcruxes were no match \'85 \i Neither can live while the other survives. \'85\i0  Was this the answer? Hallows versus Hor\-cruxes? Was there a way, after all, to ensure that he was the one\lang3081  \lang1033 who triumphed? If he were the master of the Deathly Hallows, would he be safe?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he scarcely heard Hermione: He had pulled out his Invisibil\-ity Cloak and was running it through his fingers, the cloth supple as water, light as air. He had never seen anything to equal it in his nearly seven years in the Wizarding world. The Cloak was ex\-actly what Xenophilius had described: \i A cloak that really and truly renders the wearer completely invisible, and endures eternally, giving constant and impenetrable concealment, no matter what spells are cast at it. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 And then, with a gasp, he remembered \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore had my Cloak the night my parents died!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice shook and he could feel the color in his face, but he did not care.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My mum told Sirius that Dumbledore borrowed the Cloak! This is why! He wanted to examine it, because he thought it was the third Hallow! Ignotus Peverell is buried in Godric\rquote s Hollow. \'85\rdblquote  Harry was walking blindly around the tent, feeling as though great new vistas of truth were opening all around him. \ldblquote He\rquote s my ancestor! I\rquote m descended from the third brother! It all makes sense!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt armed in certainty, in his belief in the Hallows, as if the mere idea of possessing them was giving him protection, and he felt joyous as he turned back to the other two.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione again, but he was busy undoing the pouch around his neck, his fingers shaking hard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Read it,\rdblquote  he told her, pushing his mother\rquote s letter into her hand. \ldblquote Read it! Dumbledore had the Cloak, Hermione! Why else would he want it? He didn\rquote t need a Cloak, he could perform a Disillusionment\lang3081  \lang1033 Charm so powerful that he made himself completely invisible with\-out one!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something fell to the floor and rolled, glittering, under a chair: He had dislodged the Snitch when he pulled out the letter. He stooped to pick it up, and then the newly tapped spring of fabulous discoveries threw him another gift, and shock and wonder erupted inside him so that he shouted out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote IT\rquote S IN HERE! He left me the ring \emdash  it\rquote s in the Snitch!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  you reckon?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not understand why Ron looked taken aback. It was so obvious, so clear to Harry: Everything fit, everything. \'85 His Cloak was the third Hallow, and when he discovered how to open the Snitch he would have the second, and then all he needed to do was find the first Hallow, the Elder Wand, and then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But it was as though a curtain fell on a lit stage: All his excite\-ment, all his hope and happiness were extinguished at a stroke, and he stood alone in the darkness, and the glorious spell was broken.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s what he\rquote s after.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The change in his voice made Ron and Hermione look even more scared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You-Know-Who\rquote s after the Elder Wand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned his back on their strained, incredulous faces. He knew it was the truth. It all made sense. Voldemort was not seeking a new wand; he was seeking an old wand, a very old wand indeed. Harry walked to the entrance of the tent, forgetting about Ron and Her\-mione as he looked out into the night, thinking. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort had been raised in a Muggle orphanage. Nobody could have told him \i The Tales of\lang3081  \lang1033 Beedle the Bard\i0  when he was a child, any more than Harry had heard them. Hardly any wizards\lang3081  \lang1033 believed in the Deathly Hallows. Was it likely that Voldemort knew about them?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry gazed into the darkness. \'85 If Voldemort had known about the Deathly Hallows, surely he would have sought them, done anything to possess them: three objects that made the pos\-sessor master of Death? If he had known about the Deathly Hal\-lows, he might not have needed Horcruxes in the first place. Didn\rquote t the simple fact that he had taken a Hallow, and turned it into a Horcrux, demonstrate that he did not know this last great Wiz\-arding secret?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Which meant that Voldemort sought the Elder Wand without realizing its full power, without understanding that it was one of three \'85 for the wand was the Hallow that could not be hidden, whose existence was best known. \'85 \i The bloody trail of the Elder Wand is splattered across the pages of Wizarding history\i0  \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry watched the cloudy sky, curves of smoke-gray and silver sliding over the face of the white moon. He felt lightheaded with amazement at his discoveries.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned back into the tent. It was a shock to see Ron and Hermi\-one standing exactly where he had left them, Hermione still holding Lily\rquote s letter, Ron at her side looking slightly anxious. Didn\rquote t they realize how far they had traveled in the last few minutes?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is it,\rdblquote  Harry said, trying to bring them inside the glow of his own astonished certainty. \ldblquote This explains everything. The Deathly Hallows are real, and I\rquote ve got one \emdash  maybe two \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He held up the Snitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and You-Know-Who\rquote s chasing the third, but he doesn\rquote t real\-ize \'85 he just thinks it\rquote s a powerful wand \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, moving across to him and handing him\lang3081  \lang1033 back Lily\rquote s letter, \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, but I think you\rquote ve got this wrong, all wrong.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But don\rquote t you see? It all fits \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it doesn\rquote t,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote It \i doesn\rquote t,\i0  Harry, you\rquote re just getting carried away. Please,\rdblquote  she said as he started to speak, \ldblquote please just answer me this: If the Deathly Hallows really existed, and Dum\-bledore knew about them, knew that the person who possessed all three of them would be master of Death \emdash  Harry, why wouldn\rquote t he have told you? Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had his answer ready.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you said it, Hermione! You\rquote ve got to find out about them for yourself! It\rquote s a Quest!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I only said that to try and persuade you to come to the Lovegoods\rquote !\rdblquote  cried Hermione in exasperation. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t really be\-lieve it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took no notice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore usually let me find out stuff for myself. He let me try my strength, take risks. This feels like the kind of thing he\rquote d do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, this isn\rquote t a game, this isn\rquote t practice! This is the real thing, and Dumbledore left you very clear instructions: Find and destroy the Horcruxes! That symbol doesn\rquote t mean anything, forget the Deathly Hallows, we can\rquote t afford to get sidetracked \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was barely listening to her. He was turning the Snitch over and over in his hands, half expecting it to break open, to reveal the Resurrection Stone, to prove to Hermione that he was right, that the Deathly Hallows were real.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She appealed to Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t believe in this, do you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked up. Ron hesitated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno \'85 I mean \'85 bits of it sort of fit together,\rdblquote  said Ron awkwardly. \ldblquote But when you look at the whole thing \'85\rdblquote  He took a deep breath. \ldblquote I think we\rquote re supposed to get rid of Horcruxes, Harry. That\rquote s what Dumbledore told us to do. Maybe \'85 maybe we should forget about this Hallows business.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I\rquote ll take first watch.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she strode past Harry and sat down in the tent entrance, bringing the action to a fierce full stop.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry hardly slept that night. The idea of the Deathly Hal\-lows had taken possession of him, and he could not rest while agi\-tating thoughts whirled through his mind: the wand, the stone, and the Cloak, if he could just possess them all. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I open at the close. \'85\i0  But what was \lquote the close\rquote ? Why couldn\rquote t he have the stone now? If only he had the stone, he could ask Dumble\-dore these questions in person \'85 and Harry murmured words to the Snitch in the darkness, trying everything, even Parseltongue, but the golden ball would not open. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And the wand, the Elder Wand, where was that hidden? Where was Voldemort searching now? Harry wished his scar would burn and show him Voldemort\rquote s thoughts, because for the first time ever, he and Voldemort were united in wanting the very same thing. \'85 Hermione would not like that idea, of course. \'85 But then, she did not believe \'85 Xenophilius had been right, in a way \'85 \i Limited.\i0  \i Narrow.\i0  \i Close-minded.\i0  The truth was that she was scared of the idea of the Deathly Hallows, especially of the Resurrection Stone \'85 and Harry pressed his mouth again to the Snitch, kissing it, nearly swallowing it, but the cold metal did not yield. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was nearly dawn when he remembered Luna, alone in a cell in Azkaban, surrounded by dementors, and he suddenly felt ashamed\lang3081  \lang1033 of himself. He had forgotten all about her in his feverish contempla\-tion of the Hallows. If only they could rescue her; but dementors in those numbers would be virtually unassailable. Now he came to think about it, he had not yet tried casting a Patronus with the blackthorn wand. \'85 He must try that in the morning. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If only there was a way of getting a better wand \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And desire for the Elder Wand, the Deathstick, unbeatable, in\-vincible, swallowed him once more. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They packed up the tent next morning and moved on through a dreary shower of rain. The downpour pursued them to the coast, where they pitched the tent that night, and persisted through the whole week, through sodden landscapes that Harry found bleak and depressing. He could think only of the Deathly Hallows. It was as though a flame had been lit inside him that nothing, not Hermione\rquote s flat disbelief nor Ron\rquote s persistent doubts, could extinguish. And yet the fiercer the longing for the Hallows burned inside him, the less joyful it made him. He blamed Ron and Hermione: Their deter\-mined indifference was as bad as the relentless rain for dampening his spirits, but neither could erode his certainty, which remained absolute. Harry\rquote s belief in and longing for the Hallows consumed him so much that he felt quite isolated from the other two and their obsession with the Horcruxes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Obsession?\rdblquote  said Hermione in a low fierce voice, when Harry was careless enough to use the word one evening, after Hermione had told him off for his lack of interest in locating more Horcruxes. \ldblquote We\rquote re not the ones with an obsession, Harry! We\rquote re the ones trying to do what Dumbledore wanted us to do!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he was impervious to the veiled criticism. Dumbledore had left the sign of the Hallows for Hermione to decipher, and he\lang3081  \lang1033 had also, Harry remained convinced of it, left the Resurrection Stone hidden in the golden Snitch. \i Neither can live while the other survives. \'85\i0  \i master of Death\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 Why didn\rquote t Ron and Hermione understand?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote  Harry quoted calmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought it was You-Know-Who we were supposed to be fight\-ing?\rdblquote  Hermione retorted, and Harry gave up on her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Even the mystery of the silver doe, which the other two insisted on discussing, seemed less important to Harry now, a vaguely interesting sideshow. The only other thing that mattered to him was that his scar had begun to prickle again, although he did all he could to hide this fact from the other two. He sought solitude whenever it happened, but was disappointed by what he saw. The visions he and Voldemort were sharing had changed in quality; they had become blurred, shift\-ing as though they were moving in and out of focus. Harry was just able to make out the indistinct features of an object that looked like a skull, and something like a mountain that was more shadow than substance. Used to images sharp as reality, Harry was disconcerted by the change. He was worried that the connection between himself and Voldemort had been damaged, a connection that he both feared and, whatever he had told Hermione, prized. Somehow Harry con\-nected these unsatisfying, vague images with the destruction of his wand, as if it was the blackthorn wand\rquote s fault that he could no longer see into Voldemort\rquote s mind as well as before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As the weeks crept on, Harry could not help but notice, even through his new self-absorption, that Ron seemed to be taking charge. Perhaps because he was determined to make up for having\lang3081  \lang1033 walked out on them, perhaps because Harry\rquote s descent into listless\-ness galvanized his dormant leadership qualities, Ron was the one now encouraging and exhorting the other two into action.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Three Horcruxes left,\rdblquote  he kept saying. \ldblquote We need a plan of ac\-tion, come on! Where haven\rquote t we looked? Let\rquote s go through it again. The orphanage \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Diagon Alley, Hogwarts, the Riddle House, Borgin and Burkes, Albania, every place that they knew Tom Riddle had ever lived or worked, visited or murdered, Ron and Hermione raked over them again, Harry joining in only to stop Hermione pestering him. He would have been happy to sit alone in silence, trying to read Volde\-mort\rquote s thoughts, to find out more about the Elder Wand, but Ron insisted on journeying to ever more unlikely places simply, Harry was aware, to keep them moving.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You never know,\rdblquote  was Ron\rquote s constant refrain. \ldblquote Upper Flagley is a Wizarding village, he might\rquote ve wanted to live there. Let\rquote s go and have a poke around.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 These frequent forays into Wizarding territory brought them within occasional sight of Snatchers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Some of them are supposed to be as bad as Death Eaters,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote The lot that got me were a bit pathetic, but Bill reckons some of them are really dangerous. They said on \i Potterwatch\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote On what?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Potterwatch,\i0  didn\rquote t I tell you that\rquote s what it was called? The pro\-gram I keep trying to get on the radio, the only one that tells the truth about what\rquote s going on! Nearly all the programs are following You-Know-Who\rquote s line, all except \i Potterwatch.\i0  I really want you to hear it, but it\rquote s tricky tuning in. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron spent evening after evening using his wand to beat out vari\-ous rhythms on top of the wireless while the dials whirled. Occa\-sionally they would catch snatches of advice on how to treat dragon pox, and once a few bars of \ldblquote A Cauldron Full of Hot Strong Love.\rdblquote  While he tapped, Ron continued to try to hit on the correct pass\-word, muttering strings of random words under his breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re normally something to do with the Order,\rdblquote  he told them. \ldblquote Bill had a real knack for guessing them. I\rquote m bound to get one in the end. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But not until March did luck favor Ron at last. Harry was sitting in the tent entrance, on guard duty, staring idly at a clump of grape hyacinths that had forced their way through the chilly ground, when Ron shouted excitedly from inside the tent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got it, I\rquote ve got it! Password was \lquote Albus\rquote ! Get in here, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Roused for the first time in days from his contemplation of the Deathly Hallows, Harry hurried back inside the tent to find Ron and Hermione kneeling on the floor beside the little radio. Hermi\-one, who had been polishing the sword of Gryffindor just for some\-thing to do, was sitting open-mouthed, staring at the tiny speaker, from which a most familiar voice was issuing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 apologize for our temporary absence from the airwaves, which was due to a number of house calls in our area by those charming Death Eaters.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But that\rquote s Lee Jordan!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know!\rdblquote  beamed Ron. \ldblquote Cool, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 now found ourselves another secure location,\rdblquote  Lee was say\-ing, \ldblquote and I\rquote m pleased to tell you that two of our regular contributors have joined me here this evening. Evening, boys!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Evening, River.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote River,\rquote  that\rquote s Lee,\rdblquote  Ron explained. \ldblquote They\rquote ve all got code names, but you can usually tell \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shh!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But before we hear from Royal and Romulus,\rdblquote  Lee went on, \ldblquote let\rquote s take a moment to report those deaths that the \i Wizarding Wireless Network News\i0  and \i Daily Prophet\i0  don\rquote t think important enough to mention. It is with great regret that we inform our listeners of the murders of Ted Tonks and Dirk Cresswell.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a sick, swooping in his belly. He, Ron, and Hermione gazed at one another in horror.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A goblin by the name of Gornuk was also killed. It is believed that Muggle-born Dean Thomas and a second goblin, both be\-lieved to have been traveling with Tonks, Cresswell, and Gor\-nuk, may have escaped. If Dean is listening, or if anyone has any knowledge of his whereabouts, his parents and sisters are desperate for news.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Meanwhile, in Gaddley, a Muggle family of five has been found dead in their home. Muggle authorities are attributing the deaths to a gas leak, but members of the Order of the Phoenix inform me that it was the Killing Curse \emdash  more evidence, as if it were needed, of the fact that Muggle slaughter is becoming little more than a recreational sport under the new regime.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Finally, we regret to inform our listeners that the remains of Bathilda Bagshot have been discovered in Godric\rquote s Hollow. The evidence is that she died several months ago. The Order of the Phoe\-nix informs us that her body showed unmistakable signs of injuries inflicted by Dark Magic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listeners, I\rquote d like to invite you now to join us in a minute\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033 silence in memory of Ted Tonks, Dirk Cresswell, Bathilda Bagshot, Gornuk, and the unnamed, but no less regretted, Muggles murdered by the Death Eaters.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Silence fell, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione did not speak. Half of Harry yearned to hear more, half of him was afraid of what might come next. It was the first time he had felt fully connected to the outside world for a long time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said Lee\rquote s voice. \ldblquote And now we turn to regular con\-tributor Royal, for an update on how the new Wizarding order is affecting the Muggle world.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks, River,\rdblquote  said an unmistakable voice, deep, measured, reassuring.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kingsley!\rdblquote  burst out Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We know!\rdblquote  said Hermione, hushing him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Muggles remain ignorant of the source of their suffering as they continue to sustain heavy casualties,\rdblquote  said Kingsley. \ldblquote However, we continue to hear truly inspirational stories of wizards and witches risking their own safety to protect Muggle friends and neighbors, often without the Muggles\rquote  knowledge. I\rquote d like to appeal to all our listeners to emulate their example, perhaps by casting a protective charm over any Muggle dwellings in your street. Many lives could be saved if such simple measures are taken.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what would you say, Royal, to those listeners who reply that in these dangerous times, it should be \lquote Wizards first\rquote ?\rdblquote  asked Lee.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d say that it\rquote s one short step from \lquote Wizards first\rquote  to \lquote Purebloods first,\rquote  and then to \lquote Death Eaters,\rquote  \rdblquote  replied Kingsley. \ldblquote We\rquote re all hu\-man, aren\rquote t we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellently put, Royal, and you\rquote ve got my vote for Minister of\lang3081  \lang1033 Magic if ever we get out of this mess,\rdblquote  said Lee. \ldblquote And now, over to Romulus for our popular feature \lquote Pals of Potter.\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks, River,\rdblquote  said another very familiar voice; Ron started to speak, but Hermione forestalled him in a whisper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i We know it\rquote s Lupin\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Romulus, do you maintain, as you have every time you\rquote ve ap\-peared on our program, that Harry Potter is still alive?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do,\rdblquote  said Lupin firmly. \ldblquote There is no doubt at all in my mind that his death would be proclaimed as widely as possible by the Death Eaters if it had happened, because it would strike a deadly blow at the morale of those resisting the new regime. \lquote The Boy Who Lived\rquote  remains a symbol of everything for which we are fighting: the triumph of good, the power of innocence, the need to keep resisting.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A mixture of gratitude and shame welled up in Harry. Had Lupin forgiven him, then, for the terrible things he had said when they had last met?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what would you say to Harry if you knew he was listening, Romulus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d tell him we\rquote re all with him in spirit,\rdblquote  said Lupin, then hesi\-tated slightly. \ldblquote And I\rquote d tell him to follow his instincts, which are good and nearly always right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at Hermione, whose eyes were full of tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nearly always right,\rdblquote  she repeated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, didn\rquote t I tell you?\rdblquote  said Ron in surprise. \ldblquote Bill told me Lupin\rquote s living with Tonks again! And apparently she\rquote s getting pretty big too. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and our usual update on those friends of Harry Potter\rquote s who are suffering for their allegiance?\rdblquote  Lee was saying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, as regular listeners will know, several of the more outspo\-ken supporters of Harry Potter have now been imprisoned, includ\-ing Xenophilius Lovegood, erstwhile editor of \i The Quibbler,\i0\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At least he\rquote s still alive!\rdblquote  muttered Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We have also heard within the last few hours that Rubeus Hagrid\rdblquote  \emdash  all three of them gasped, and so nearly missed the rest of the sentence \emdash  \ldblquote well-known gamekeeper at Hogwarts School, has narrowly escaped arrest within the grounds of Hogwarts, where he is rumored to have hosted a \lquote Support Harry Potter\rquote  party in his house. However, Hagrid was not taken into custody, and is, we believe, on the run.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose it helps, when escaping from Death Eaters, if you\rquote ve got a sixteen-foot-high half brother?\rdblquote  asked Lee.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It would tend to give you an edge,\rdblquote  agreed Lupin gravely. \ldblquote May I just add that while we here at \i Potterwatch\i0  applaud Hagrid\rquote s spirit, we would urge even the most devoted of Harry\rquote s supporters against following Hagrid\rquote s lead. \lquote Support Harry Potter\rquote  parties are unwise in the present climate.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Indeed they are, Romulus,\rdblquote  said Lee, \ldblquote so we suggest that you continue to show your devotion to the man with the lightning scar by listening to \i Potterwatch\i0 ! And now let\rquote s move to news concerning the wizard who is proving just as elusive as Harry Potter. We like to refer to him as the Chief Death Eater, and here to give his views on some of the more insane rumors circulating about him, I\rquote d like to introduce a new correspondent: Rodent.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Rodent\i0\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said yet another familiar voice, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione cried out together:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fred!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  is it George?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Fred, I think,\rdblquote  said Ron, leaning in closer, as whichever twin it was said,\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not being \lquote Rodent,\rquote  no way, I told you I wanted to be \lquote Rapier\rquote !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, all right then. \lquote Rapier,\rquote  could you please give us your take on the various stories we\rquote ve been hearing about the Chief Death Eater?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, River, I can,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote As our listeners will know, unless they\rquote ve taken refuge at the bottom of a garden pond or somewhere similar, You-Know-Who\rquote s strategy of remaining in the shadows is creating a nice little climate of panic. Mind you, if all the alleged sightings of him are genuine, we must have a good nineteen You-Know-Whos running around the place.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which suits him, of course,\rdblquote  said Kingsley. \ldblquote The air of mystery is creating more terror than actually showing himself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Agreed,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote So, people, let\rquote s try and calm down a bit. Things are bad enough without inventing stuff as well. For instance, this new idea that You-Know-Who can kill with a single glance from his eyes. That\rquote s a \i basilisk,\i0  listeners. One simple test: Check whether the thing that\rquote s glaring at you has got legs. If it has, it\rquote s safe to look into its eyes, although if it really is You-Know-Who, that\rquote s still likely to be the last thing you ever do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For the first time in weeks and weeks, Harry was laughing: He could feel the weight of tension leaving him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And the rumors that he keeps being sighted abroad?\rdblquote  asked Lee.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, who wouldn\rquote t want a nice little holiday after all the hard work he\rquote s been putting in?\rdblquote  asked Fred. \ldblquote Point is, people, don\rquote t get\lang3081  \lang1033 lulled into a false sense of security, thinking he\rquote s out of the country. Maybe he is, maybe he isn\rquote t, but the fact remains he can move faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo when he wants to, so don\rquote t count on him being a long way away if you\rquote re planning on taking any risks. I never thought I\rquote d hear myself say it, but safety first!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you very much for those wise words, Rapier,\rdblquote  said Lee. \ldblquote Listeners, that brings us to the end of another \i Potterwatch.\i0  We don\rquote t know when it will be possible to broadcast again, but you can be sure we shall be back. Keep twiddling those dials: The next password will be \lquote Mad-Eye.\rquote  Keep each other safe: Keep faith. Good night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The radio\rquote s dial twirled and the lights behind the tuning panel went out. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were still beaming. Hearing familiar, friendly voices was an extraordinary tonic; Harry had be\-come so used to their isolation he had nearly forgotten that other people were resisting Voldemort. It was like waking from a long sleep.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good, eh?\rdblquote  said Ron happily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Brilliant,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s so brave of them,\rdblquote  sighed Hermione admiringly. \ldblquote If they were found \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, they keep on the move, don\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Like us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But did you hear what Fred said?\rdblquote  asked Harry excitedly; now the broadcast was over, his thoughts turned again toward his all-consuming obsession. \ldblquote He\rquote s abroad! He\rquote s still looking for the Wand, I knew it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, Hermione, why are you so determined not to admit it? Vol \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HARRY, NO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  demort\rquote s after the Elder Wand!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The name\rquote s Taboo!\rdblquote  Ron bellowed, leaping to his feet as a loud crack sounded outside the tent. \ldblquote I told you, Harry, I told you, we can\rquote t say it anymore \emdash  we\rquote ve got to put the protection back around us \emdash  quickly \emdash  it\rquote s how they find \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ron stopped talking, and Harry knew why. The Sneakoscope on the table had lit up and begun to spin; they could hear voices coming nearer and nearer: rough, excited voices. Ron pulled the De\-luminator out of his pocket and clicked it: Their lamps went out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come out of there with your hands up!\rdblquote  came a rasping voice through the darkness. \ldblquote We know you\rquote re in there! You\rquote ve got half a dozen wands pointing at you and we don\rquote t care who we curse!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 23\par
\pard\qc Malfoy Manor\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry looked around at the other two, now mere outlines in the darkness. He saw Hermione point her wand, not toward the outside, but into his face; there was a bang, a burst of white light, and he buckled in agony, unable to see. He could feel his face swelling rapidly under his hands as heavy footfalls sur\-rounded him.\par
\ldblquote Get up, vermin.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Unknown hands dragged Harry roughly off the ground. Before he could stop them, someone had rummaged through his pockets and removed the blackthorn wand. Harry clutched at his excruci\-atingly painful face, which felt unrecognizable beneath his fingers, tight, swollen, and puffy as though he had suffered some violent allergic reaction. His eyes had been reduced to slits through which he could barely see; his glasses fell off as he was bundled out of the tent; all he could make out were the blurred shapes of four or five people wrestling Ron and Hermione outside too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get \emdash  off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  her!\rdblquote  Ron shouted. There was the unmistakable sound of knuckles hitting flesh: Ron grunted in pain and Hermione screamed, \ldblquote No! Leave him alone, leave him alone!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your boyfriend\rquote s going to have worse than that done to him if he\rquote s on my list,\rdblquote  said the horribly familiar, rasping voice. \ldblquote Delicious girl\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 What a treat\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I do enjoy the softness of the skin. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s stomach turned over. He knew who this was: Fenrir Greyback, the werewolf who was permitted to wear Death Eater robes in return for his hired savagery.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Search the tent!\rdblquote  said another voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was thrown facedown onto the ground. A thud told him that Ron had been cast down beside him. They could hear foot\-steps and crashes; the men were pushing over chairs inside the tent as they searched.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, let\rquote s see who we\rquote ve got,\rdblquote  said Greyback\rquote s gloating voice from overhead, and Harry was rolled over onto his back. A beam of wandlight fell into his face and Greyback laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll be needing butterbeer to wash this one down. What hap\-pened to you, ugly?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer immediately.\lang3081\par
\ldblquote I \lang1033\i said,\i0\rdblquote  repeated Greyback, and Harry received a blow to the diaphragm that made him double over in pain, \ldblquote what happened to you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stung,\rdblquote  Harry muttered. \ldblquote Been stung.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, looks like it,\rdblquote  said a second voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s your name?\rdblquote  snarled Greyback.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dudley,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And your first name?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\ldblquote I \lang1033\emdash  Vernon. Vernon Dudley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Check the list, Scabior,\rdblquote  said Greyback, and Harry heard him move sideways to look down at Ron, instead. \ldblquote And what about you, ginger?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stan Shunpike,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like \rquote ell you are,\rdblquote  said the man called Scabior. \ldblquote We know Stan Shunpike, \rquote e\rquote s put a bit of work our way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was another thud.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote b Bardy,\rdblquote  said Ron, and Harry could tell that his mouth was full of blood. \ldblquote Bardy Weadley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A Weasley?\rdblquote  rasped Greyback. \ldblquote So you\rquote re related to blood trai\-tors even if you\rquote re not a Mudblood. And lastly, your pretty little friend \'85\rdblquote  The relish in his voice made Harry\rquote s flesh crawl.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Easy, Greyback,\rdblquote  said Scabior over the jeering of the others.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I\rquote m not going to bite just yet. We\rquote ll see if she\rquote s a bit quicker at remembering her name than Barny. Who are you, girly?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Penelope Clearwater,\rdblquote  said Hermione. She sounded terrified, but convincing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s your blood status?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Half-blood,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Easy enough to check,\rdblquote  said Scabior. \ldblquote But the \rquote ole lot of\lang3081  \rquote\lang1033 em look like they could still be \rquote ogwarts age \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote b lebt,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Left, \rquote ave you, ginger?\rdblquote  said Scabior. \ldblquote And you decided to go camping? And you thought, just for a laugh, you\rquote d use the Dark Lord\rquote s name?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nod a laugh,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Aggiden.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Accident?\rdblquote  There was more jeering laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know who used to like using the Dark Lord\rquote s name,\lang3081  \lang1033 Weasley?\rdblquote  growled Greyback. \ldblquote The Order of the Phoenix. Mean anything to you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Doh.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, they don\rquote t show the Dark Lord proper respect, so the name\rquote s been Tabooed. A few Order members have been tracked that way. We\rquote ll see. Bind them up with the other two prisoners!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Someone yanked Harry up by the hair, dragged him a short way, pushed him down into a sitting position, then started binding him back-to-back with other people. Harry was still half blind, barely able to see anything through his puffed-up eyes. When at last the man tying them had walked away, Harry whispered to the other prisoners.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyone still got a wand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron and Hermione from either side of him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is all my fault. I said the name, I\rquote m sorry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a new, but familiar, voice, and it came from directly behind Harry, from the person tied to Hermione\rquote s left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Dean\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It \i is\i0  you! If they find out who they\rquote ve got \emdash  ! They\rquote re Snatchers, they\rquote re only looking for truants to sell for gold \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not a bad little haul for one night,\rdblquote  Greyback was saying, as a pair of hobnailed boots marched close by Harry and they heard more crashes from inside the tent. \ldblquote A Mudblood, a runaway goblin, and three truants. You checked their names on the list yet, Scabior?\rdblquote  he roared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah. There\rquote s no Vernon Dudley on \rquote ere, Greyback.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Interesting,\rdblquote  said Greyback. \ldblquote That\rquote s interesting.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He crouched down beside Harry, who saw, through the infini\-tesimal gap left between his swollen eyelids, a face covered in mat\-ted gray hair and whiskers, with pointed brown teeth and sores at the corners of his mouth. Greyback smelled as he had done at the top of the tower where Dumbledore had died: of dirt, sweat, and blood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you aren\rquote t wanted, then, Vernon? Or are you on that list un\-der a different name? What House were you in at Hogwarts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Slytherin,\rdblquote  said Harry automatically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Funny \rquote ow they all thinks we wants to \rquote ear that,\rdblquote  jeered Scabior out of the shadows. \ldblquote But none of \rquote em can tell us where the com\-mon room is.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s in the dungeons,\rdblquote  said Harry clearly. \ldblquote You enter through the wall. It\rquote s full of skulls and stuff and it\rquote s under the lake, so the light\rquote s all green.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a short pause.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, well, looks like we really \rquote ave caught a little Slytherin,\rdblquote  said Scabior. \ldblquote Good for you, Vernon, \rquote cause there ain\rquote t a lot of Mudblood Slytherins. Who\rquote s your father?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He works at the Ministry,\rdblquote  Harry lied. He knew that his whole story would collapse with the smallest investigation, but on the other hand, he only had until his face regained its usual appearance before the game was up in any case. \ldblquote Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what, Greyback,\rdblquote  said Scabior. \ldblquote I think there \i is\i0  a Dudley in there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could barely breathe: Could luck, sheer luck, get them safely out of this?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, well,\rdblquote  said Greyback, and Harry could hear the tiniest note of trepidation in that callous voice, and knew that Greyback was wondering whether he had indeed just attacked and bound the son of a Ministry official. Harry\rquote s heart was pounding against the ropes around his ribs; he would not have been surprised to know that Greyback could see it. \ldblquote If you\rquote re telling the truth, ugly, you\rquote ve got nothing to fear from a trip to the Ministry. I expect your father\rquote ll reward us just for picking you up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But,\rdblquote  said Harry, his mouth bone dry, \ldblquote if you just let us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey!\rdblquote  came a shout from inside the tent. \ldblquote Look at this, Grey\-back!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A dark figure came bustling toward them, and Harry saw a glint of silver in the light of their wands. They had found Gryffindor\rquote s sword.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ve-e-ry nice,\rdblquote  said Greyback appreciatively, taking it from his companion. \ldblquote Oh, very nice indeed. Looks goblin-made, that. Where did you get something like this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s my father\rquote s,\rdblquote  Harry lied, hoping against hope that it was too dark for Greyback to see the name etched just below the hilt. \ldblquote We borrowed it to cut firewood \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote ang on a minute, Greyback! Look at this, in the \i Prophet\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Scabior said it, Harry\rquote s scar, which was stretched tight across his distended forehead, burned savagely. More clearly than he could make out anything around him, he saw a towering building, a grim fortress, jet-black and forbidding; Voldemort\rquote s thoughts had sud\-denly become razor-sharp again; he was gliding toward the gigantic building with a sense of calmly euphoric purpose. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i So close\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\i  So close\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a huge effort of will Harry closed his mind to Voldemort\rquote s thoughts, pulling himself back to where he sat, tied to Ron, Hermi\-one, Dean, and Griphook in the darkness, listening to Greyback and Scabior.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\rquote\i ermione Granger,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\i  \i0 Scabior was saying, \ldblquote  \lquote\i the Mudblood who is known to be traveling with \rquote arry Potter.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s scar burned in the silence, but he made a supreme ef\-fort to keep himself present, not to slip into Voldemort\rquote s mind. He heard the creak of Greyback\rquote s boots as he crouched down in front of Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what, little girly? This picture looks a hell of a lot like you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It isn\rquote t! It isn\rquote t me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s terrified squeak was as good as a confession.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\'85 \i known to be traveling with Harry Potter,\i0\rquote  \rdblquote  repeated Grey\-back quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A stillness had settled over the scene. Harry\rquote s scar was exquisitely painful, but he struggled with all his strength against the pull of Voldemort\rquote s thoughts: It had never been so important to remain in his own right mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, this changes things, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  whispered Greyback. No\-body spoke: Harry sensed the gang of Snatchers watching, frozen, and felt Hermione\rquote s arm trembling against his. Greyback got up and took a couple of steps to where Harry sat, crouching down again to stare closely at his misshapen features.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that on your forehead, Vernon?\rdblquote  he asked softly, his breath foul in Harry\rquote s nostrils as he pressed a filthy finger to the taut scar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t touch it!\rdblquote  Harry yelled; he could not stop himself; he thought he might be sick from the pain of it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you wore glasses, Potter?\rdblquote  breathed Greyback.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I found glasses!\rdblquote  yelped one of the Snatchers skulking in the background. \ldblquote There was glasses in the tent, Greyback, wait \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And seconds later Harry\rquote s glasses had been rammed back onto his face. The Snatchers were closing in now, peering at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is!\rdblquote  rasped Greyback. \ldblquote We\rquote ve caught Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all took several steps backward, stunned by what they had done. Harry, still fighting to remain present inside his own split\-ting head, could think of nothing to say: Fragmented visions were breaking across the surface of his mind \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i\emdash  He was gliding around the high walls of the black fortress\i0  \emdash\par
No, he was Harry, tied up and wandless, in grave danger \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\emdash  \i looking up, up to the topmost window, the highest tower\i0  \emdash\par
He was Harry, and they were discussing his fate in low\lang3081  \lang1033 voices \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\emdash   \i Time to fly\i0  \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 to the Ministry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To hell with the Ministry,\rdblquote  growled Greyback. \ldblquote They\rquote ll take the credit, and we won\rquote t get a look in. I say we take him straight to You-Know-Who.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Will you summon \rquote im? \i\rquote ere\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Scabior, sounding awed, terrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  snarled Greyback, \lang3081\ldblquote I \lang1033 haven\rquote t got \emdash  they say he\rquote s using the Malfoys\rquote  place as a base. We\rquote ll take the boy there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought he knew why Greyback was not calling Volde\-mort. The werewolf might be allowed to wear Death Eater robes when they wanted to use him, but only Voldemort\rquote s inner circle were branded with the Dark Mark: Greyback had not been granted this highest honor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s scar seared again \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\emdash  \i and he rose into the night, flying straight up to the window at the very top of the tower\i0  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 completely sure it\rquote s him? \rquote Cause if it ain\rquote t, Greyback, we\rquote re dead.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s in charge here?\rdblquote  roared Greyback, covering his moment of inadequacy. \ldblquote I say that\rquote s Potter, and him plus his wand, that\rquote s two hundred thousand Galleons right there! But if you\rquote re too gutless to come along, any of you, it\rquote s all for me, and with any luck, I\rquote ll get the girl thrown in!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\emdash  \i The window was the merest slit in the black rock, not big enough for a man to enter. \'85\i0  \i A skeletal figure was just visible through it, curled beneath a blanket. \'85 Dead, or sleeping\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 ?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right!\rdblquote  said Scabior. \ldblquote All right, we\rquote re in! And what about the rest of\lang3081  \rquote\lang1033 em, Greyback, what\rquote ll we do with \rquote em?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Might as well take the lot. We\rquote ve got two Mudbloods, that\rquote s another ten Galleons. Give me the sword as well. If they\rquote re rubies, that\rquote s another small fortune right there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The prisoners were dragged to their feet. Harry could hear Her\-mione\rquote s breathing, fast and terrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Grab hold and make it tight. I\rquote ll do Potter!\rdblquote  said Greyback, seiz\-ing a fistful of Harry\rquote s hair; Harry could feel his long yellow nails scratching his scalp. \ldblquote On three! One \emdash  two \emdash  three \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They Disapparated, pulling the prisoners with them. Harry strug\-gled, trying to throw off Greyback\rquote s hand, but it was hopeless: Ron and Hermione were squeezed tightly against him on either side, he could not separate from the group, and as the breath was squeezed out of him his scar seared more painfully still \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\emdash  \i as he forced himself through the slit of a window like a snake and landed, lightly as vapor, inside the cell-like room\i0  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The prisoners lurched into one another as they landed in a coun\-try lane. Harry\rquote s eyes, still puffy, took a moment to acclimatize, then he saw a pair of wrought-iron gates at the foot of what looked like a long drive. He experienced the tiniest trickle of relief. The worst had not happened yet: Voldemort was not here. He was, Harry knew, for he was fighting to resist the vision, in some strange, fortresslike place, at the top of a tower. How long it would take Voldemort to get to this place, once he knew that Harry was here, was another matter. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One of the Snatchers strode to the gates and shook them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do we get in? They\rquote re locked, Greyback, I can\rquote t \emdash  blimey!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He whipped his hands away in fright. The iron was contorting, twisting itself out of the abstract furls and coils into a frighten\-ing face, which spoke in a clanging, echoing voice: \ldblquote State your purpose!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve got Potter!\rdblquote  Greyback roared triumphantly. \ldblquote We\rquote ve cap\-tured Harry Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The gates swung open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on!\rdblquote  said Greyback to his men, and the prisoners were shunted through the gates and up the drive, between high hedges that muffled their footsteps. Harry saw a ghostly white shape above him, and realized it was an albino peacock. He stumbled and was dragged onto his feet by Greyback; now he was staggering along sideways, tied back-to-back to the four other prisoners. Closing his puffy eyes, he allowed the pain in his scar to overcome him for a\lang3081  \lang1033 moment, wanting to know what Voldemort was doing, whether he knew yet that Harry was caught. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i The emaciated figure stirred beneath its thin blanket and rolled over toward him, eyes opening in a skull of a face. \'85 The frail man sat up, great sunken eyes fixed upon him, upon Voldemort, and then he smiled. Most of his teeth were gone. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i So, you have come. I thought you would\i0  \'85 \i one day. But your journey was pointless. I never had it.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You lie\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Voldemort\rquote s anger throbbed inside him, Harry\rquote s scar threat\-ened to burst with pain, and he wrenched his mind back to his own body, fighting to remain present as the prisoners were pushed over gravel.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Light spilled out over all of them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is this?\rdblquote  said a woman\rquote s cold voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re here to see He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named!\rdblquote  rasped Grey\-back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know me!\rdblquote  There was resentment in the werewolf\rquote s voice. \ldblquote Fenrir Greyback! We\rquote ve caught Harry Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Greyback seized Harry and dragged him around to face the light, forcing the other prisoners to shuffle around too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know \rquote e\rquote s swollen, ma\rquote am, but it\rquote s \rquote im!\rdblquote  piped up Scabior. \ldblquote If you look a bit closer, you\rquote ll see \rquote is scar. And this \rquote ere, see the girl? The Mudblood who\rquote s been traveling around with \rquote im, ma\rquote am. There\rquote s no doubt it\rquote s \rquote im, and we\rquote ve got \rquote is wand as well! \rquote Ere, ma\rquote am \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Through his puffy eyelids Harry saw Narcissa Malfoy scrutiniz\-ing his swollen face. Scabior thrust the blackthorn wand at her. She raised her eyebrows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bring them in,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and the others were shoved and kicked up broad stone steps into a hallway lined with portraits.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Follow me,\rdblquote  said Narcissa, leading the way across the hall. \ldblquote My son, Draco, is home for his Easter holidays. If that is Harry Potter, he will know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The drawing room dazzled after the darkness outside; even with his eyes almost closed Harry could make out the wide proportions of the room. A crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling, more por\-traits against the dark purple walls. Two figures rose from chairs in front of an ornate marble fireplace as the prisoners were forced into the room by the Snatchers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dreadfully familiar, drawling voice of Lucius Malfoy fell on Harry\rquote s ears. He was panicking now: He could see no way out, and it was easier, as his fear mounted, to block out Voldemort\rquote s thoughts, though his scar was still burning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They say they\rquote ve got Potter,\rdblquote  said Narcissa\rquote s cold voice. \ldblquote Draco, come here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not dare look directly at Draco, but saw him obliquely: a figure slightly taller than he was, rising from an armchair, his face a pale and pointed blur beneath white-blond hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Greyback forced the prisoners to turn again so as to place Harry directly beneath the chandelier.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, boy?\rdblquote  rasped the werewolf.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was facing a mirror over the fireplace, a great gilded thing in an intricately scrolled frame. Through the slits of his eyes he saw his own reflection for the first time since leaving Grimmauld Place.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His face was huge, shiny, and pink, every feature distorted by Hermione\rquote s jinx. His black hair reached his shoulders and there was a dark shadow around his jaw. Had he not known that it was he who stood there, he would have wondered who was wearing his glasses. He resolved not to speak, for his voice was sure to give him away; yet he still avoided eye contact with Draco as the latter approached.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Draco?\rdblquote  said Lucius Malfoy. He sounded avid. \ldblquote Is it? Is it Harry Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t \emdash  I can\rquote t be sure,\rdblquote  said Draco. He was keeping his dis\-tance from Greyback, and seemed as scared of looking at Harry as Harry was of looking at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But look at him carefully, look! Come closer!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had never heard Lucius Malfoy so excited.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Draco, if we are the ones who hand Potter over to the Dark Lord, everything will be forgiv \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, we won\rquote t be forgetting who actually caught him, I hope, Mr. Malfoy?\rdblquote  said Greyback menacingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course not, of course not!\rdblquote  said Lucius impatiently. He ap\-proached Harry himself, came so close that Harry could see the usually languid, pale face in sharp detail even through his swollen eyes. With his face a puffy mask, Harry felt as though he was peer\-ing out from between the bars of a cage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did you do to him?\rdblquote  Lucius asked Greyback. \ldblquote How did he get into this state?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That wasn\rquote t us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Looks more like a Stinging Jinx to me,\rdblquote  said Lucius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His gray eyes raked Harry\rquote s forehead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s something there,\rdblquote  he whispered, \ldblquote it could be the scar,\lang3081  \lang1033 stretched tight. \'85 Draco, come here, look properly! What do you think?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw Draco\rquote s face up close now, right beside his father\rquote s. They were extraordinarily alike, except that while his father looked beside himself with excitement, Draco\rquote s expression was full of re\-luctance, even fear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  he said, and he walked away toward the fireplace where his mother stood watching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We had better be certain, Lucius,\rdblquote  Narcissa called to her hus\-band in her cold, clear voice. \ldblquote Completely sure that it is Potter, before we summon the Dark Lord \'85 They say this is his\rdblquote  \emdash  she was looking closely at the blackthorn wand \emdash  \ldblquote but it does not re\-semble Ollivander\rquote s description. \'85 If we are mistaken, if we call the Dark Lord here for nothing \'85 Remember what he did to Rowle and Dolohov?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about the Mudblood, then?\rdblquote  growled Greyback. Harry was nearly thrown off his feet as the Snatchers forced the prisoners to swivel around again, so that the light fell on Hermione instead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait,\rdblquote  said Narcissa sharply. \ldblquote Yes \emdash  yes, she was in Madam Malkin\rquote s with Potter! I saw her picture in the \i Prophet\i0 ! Look, Draco, isn\rquote t it the Granger girl?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \'85 maybe \'85 yeah.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then, that\rquote s the Weasley boy!\rdblquote  shouted Lucius, strid\-ing around the bound prisoners to face Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s them, Potter\rquote s friends \emdash  Draco, look at him, isn\rquote t it Arthur Weasley\rquote s son, what\rquote s his name \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Draco again, his back to the prisoners. \ldblquote It could be.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The drawing room door opened behind Harry. A woman spoke,\lang3081  \lang1033 and the sound of the voice wound Harry\rquote s fear to an even higher pitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is this? What\rquote s happened, Cissy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix Lestrange walked slowly around the prisoners, and stopped on Harry\rquote s right, staring at Hermione through her heavily lidded eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But surely,\rdblquote  she said quietly, \ldblquote this is the Mudblood girl? This is Granger?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, yes, it\rquote s Granger!\rdblquote  cried Lucius. \ldblquote And beside her, we think, Potter! Potter and his friends, caught at last!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter?\rdblquote  shrieked Bellatrix, and she backed away, the better to take in Harry. \ldblquote Are you sure? Well then, the Dark Lord must be informed at once!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She dragged back her left sleeve: Harry saw the Dark Mark burned into the flesh of her arm, and knew that she was about to touch it, to summon her beloved master \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was about to call him!\rdblquote  said Lucius, and his hand actually closed upon Bellatrix\rquote s wrist, preventing her from touching the Mark. \ldblquote\i I\i0  shall summon him, Bella, Potter has been brought to my house, and it is therefore upon my authority \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your authority!\rdblquote  she sneered, attempting to wrench her hand from his grasp. \ldblquote You lost your authority when you lost your wand, Lucius! How dare you! Take your hands off me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is nothing to do with you, you did not capture the boy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Begging your pardon, \i Mr.\i0  Malfoy,\rdblquote  interjected Greyback, \ldblquote but it\rquote s us that caught Potter, and it\rquote s us that\rquote ll be claiming the gold \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gold!\rdblquote  laughed Bellatrix, still attempting to throw off her\lang3081  \lang1033 brother-in-law, her free hand groping in her pocket for her wand. \ldblquote Take your gold, filthy scavenger, what do I want with gold? I seek only the honor of his \emdash  of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stopped struggling, her dark eyes fixed upon something Harry could not see. Jubilant at her capitulation, Lucius threw her hand from him and ripped up his own sleeve \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote STOP!\rdblquote  shrieked Bellatrix. \ldblquote Do not touch it, we shall all perish if the Dark Lord comes now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lucius froze, his index finger hovering over his own Mark. Bel\-latrix strode out of Harry\rquote s limited line of vision.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is that?\rdblquote  he heard her say.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sword,\rdblquote  grunted an out-of-sight Snatcher.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give it to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not yorn, missus, it\rquote s mine, I reckon I found it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a bang and a flash of red light: Harry knew that the Snatcher had been Stunned. There was a roar of anger from his fel\-lows: Scabior drew his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you think you\rquote re playing at, woman?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote  she screamed. \ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were no match for her, even though there were four of them against one of her: She was a witch, as Harry knew, with prodi\-gious skill and no conscience. They fell where they stood, all except Greyback, who had been forced into a kneeling position, his arms outstretched. Out of the corners of his eyes Harry saw Bellatrix bearing down upon the werewolf, the sword of Gryffindor gripped tightly in her hand, her face waxen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where did you get this sword?\rdblquote  she whispered to Greyback as she pulled his wand out of his unresisting grip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How dare you?\rdblquote  he snarled, his mouth the only thing that could\lang3081  \lang1033 move as he was forced to gaze up at her. He bared his pointed teeth. \ldblquote Release me, woman!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where did you find this sword?\rdblquote  she repeated, brandishing it in his face. \ldblquote Snape sent it to my vault in Gringotts!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was in their tent,\rdblquote  rasped Greyback. \ldblquote Release me, I say!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She waved her wand, and the werewolf sprang to his feet, but ap\-peared too wary to approach her. He prowled behind an armchair, his filthy curved nails clutching its back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Draco, move this scum outside,\rdblquote  said Bellatrix, indicating the unconscious men. \ldblquote If you haven\rquote t got the guts to finish them, then leave them in the courtyard for me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you dare speak to Draco like \emdash\rdblquote  said Narcissa furiously, but Bellatrix screamed,\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Be quiet! The situation is graver than you can possibly imagine, Cissy! We have a very serious problem!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stood, panting slightly, looking down at the sword, examin\-ing its hilt. Then she turned to look at the silent prisoners.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If it is indeed Potter, he must not be harmed,\rdblquote  she muttered, more to herself than to the others. \ldblquote The Dark Lord wishes to dis\-pose of Potter himself. \'85 But if he finds out\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I must\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I must know. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She turned back to her sister again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The prisoners must be placed in the cellar, while I think what to do!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is my house, Bella, you don\rquote t give orders in my \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do it! You have no idea of the danger we are in!\rdblquote  shrieked Bel\-latrix. She looked frightening, mad; a thin stream of fire issued from her wand and burned a hole in the carpet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Narcissa hesitated for a moment, then addressed the werewolf.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take these prisoners down to the cellar, Greyback.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait,\rdblquote  said Bellatrix sharply. \ldblquote All except\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 except for the Mudblood.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Greyback gave a grunt of pleasure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  shouted Ron. \ldblquote You can have me, keep me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix hit him across the face; the blow echoed around the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If she dies under questioning, I\rquote ll take you next,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Blood traitor is next to Mudblood in my book. Take them downstairs, Greyback, and make sure they are secure, but do nothing more to them \emdash  yet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She threw Greyback\rquote s wand back to him, then took a short silver knife from under her robes. She cut Hermione free from the other prisoners, then dragged her by the hair into the middle of the room, while Greyback forced the rest of them to shuffle across to another door, into a dark passageway, his wand held out in front of him, projecting an invisible and irresistible force.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Reckon she\rquote ll let me have a bit of the girl when she\rquote s finished with her?\rdblquote  Greyback crooned as he forced them along the corridor. \ldblquote I\rquote d say I\rquote ll get a bite or two, wouldn\rquote t you, ginger?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could feel Ron shaking. They were forced down a steep flight of stairs, still tied back-to-back and in danger of slipping and breaking their necks at any moment. At the bottom was a heavy door. Greyback unlocked it with a tap of his wand, then forced them into a dank and musty room and left them in total darkness. The echoing bang of the slammed cellar door had not died away before there was a terrible, drawn-out scream from directly above them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HERMIONE!\rdblquote  Ron bellowed, and he started to writhe and\lang3081  \lang1033 struggle against the ropes tying them together, so that Harry stag\-gered. \ldblquote HERMIONE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Be quiet!\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote Shut up, Ron, we need to work out a way \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HERMIONE! HERMIONE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need a plan, stop yelling \emdash  we need to get these ropes off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  came a whisper through the darkness. \ldblquote Ron? Is that you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron stopped shouting. There was a sound of movement close by them, then Harry saw a shadow moving closer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry? Ron?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Luna\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, it\rquote s me! Oh no, I didn\rquote t want you to be caught!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Luna, can you help us get these ropes off?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, I expect so. \'85 There\rquote s an old nail we use if we need to break anything. \'85 Just a moment\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione screamed again from overhead, and they could hear Bellatrix screaming too, but her words were inaudible, for Ron shouted again, \ldblquote HERMIONE! HERMIONE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Ollivander?\rdblquote  Harry could hear Luna saying. \ldblquote Mr. Olli\-vander, have you got the nail? If you just move over a little bit\'85 I think it was beside the water jug. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was back within seconds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll need to stay still,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could feel her digging at the rope\rquote s tough fibers to work the knots free. From upstairs they heard Bellatrix\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to ask you again! Where did you get this sword? \i Where\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We found it \emdash  we found it \emdash  PLEASE!\rdblquote  Hermione screamed again; Ron struggled harder than ever, and the rusty nail slipped onto Harry\rquote s wrist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, please stay still!\rdblquote  Luna whispered. \ldblquote I can\rquote t see what I\rquote m doing \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My pocket!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote In my pocket, there\rquote s a Deluminator, and it\rquote s full of light!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few seconds later, there was a click, and the luminescent spheres the Deluminator had sucked from the lamps in the tent flew into the cellar: Unable to rejoin their sources, they simply hung there, like tiny suns, flooding the underground room with light. Harry saw Luna, all eyes in her white face, and the motionless figure of Ollivander the wandmaker, curled up on the floor in the corner. Craning around, he caught sight of their fellow prisoners: Dean and Griphook the goblin, who seemed barely conscious, kept standing by the ropes that bound him to the humans.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, that\rquote s much easier, thanks, Ron,\rdblquote  said Luna, and she began hacking at their bindings again. \ldblquote Hello, Dean!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 From above came Bellatrix\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are lying, filthy Mudblood, and I know it! You have been inside my vault at Gringotts! Tell the truth, \i tell the truth\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Another terrible scream \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HERMIONE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What else did you take? What else have you got? Tell me the truth or, I swear, I shall run you through with this knife!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt the ropes fall away and turned, rubbing his wrists, to see Ron running around the cellar, looking up at the low ceiling, searching for a trapdoor. Dean, his face bruised and bloody, said\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote Thanks\rdblquote  to Luna and stood there, shivering, but Griphook sank onto the cellar floor, looking groggy and disoriented, many welts across his swarthy face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was now trying to Disapparate without a wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s no way out, Ron,\rdblquote  said Luna, watching his fruitless ef\-forts. \ldblquote The cellar is completely escape-proof. I tried, at first. Mr. Ol\-livander has been here for a long time, he\rquote s tried everything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was screaming again: The sound went through Harry like physical pain. Barely conscious of the fierce prickling of his scar, he too started to run around the cellar, feeling the walls for he hardly knew what, knowing in his heart that it was useless.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What else did you take, what else? ANSWER ME! \i CRUCIO\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s screams echoed off the walls upstairs, Ron was half sobbing as he pounded the walls with his fists, and Harry in utter desperation seized Hagrid\rquote s pouch from around his neck and groped inside it: He pulled out Dumbledore\rquote s Snitch and shook it, hoping for he did not know what \emdash  nothing happened \emdash  he waved the broken halves of the phoenix wand, but they were lifeless \emdash  the mirror fragment fell sparkling to the floor, and he saw a gleam of brightest blue \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s eye was gazing at him out of the mirror.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Help us!\rdblquote  he yelled at it in mad desperation. \ldblquote We\rquote re in the cellar of Malfoy Manor, help us!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The eye blinked and was gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was not even sure that it had really been there. He tilted the shard of mirror this way and that, and saw nothing reflected there but the walls and ceiling of their prison, and upstairs Hermione was screaming worse than ever, and next to him Ron was bellowing, \ldblquote HERMIONE! HERMIONE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you get into my vault?\rdblquote  they heard Bellatrix scream. \ldblquote Did that dirty little goblin in the cellar help you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We only met him tonight!\rdblquote  Hermione sobbed. \ldblquote We\rquote ve never been inside your vault. \'85 It isn\rquote t the real sword! It\rquote s a copy, just a copy!\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A copy?\rdblquote  screeched Bellatrix. \ldblquote Oh, a likely story!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But we can find out easily!\rdblquote  came Lucius\rquote s voice. \ldblquote Draco, fetch the goblin, he can tell us whether the sword is real or not!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dashed across the cellar to where Griphook was huddled on the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Griphook,\rdblquote  he whispered into the goblin\rquote s pointed ear, \ldblquote you must tell them that sword\rquote s a fake, they mustn\rquote t know it\rquote s the real one, Griphook, please \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could hear someone scuttling down the cellar steps; next mo\-ment, Draco\rquote s shaking voice spoke from behind the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stand back. Line up against the back wall. Don\rquote t try anything, or I\rquote ll kill you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They did as they were bidden; as the lock turned, Ron clicked the Deluminator and the lights whisked back into his pocket, restoring the cellar\rquote s darkness. The door flew open; Malfoy marched inside, wand held out in front of him, pale and determined. He seized the little goblin by the arm and backed out again, dragging Griphook with him. The door slammed shut and at the same moment a loud \i crack\i0  echoed inside the cellar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron clicked the Deluminator. Three balls of light flew back into the air from his pocket, revealing Dobby the house-elf, who had just Apparated into their midst.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DOB \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hit Ron on the arm to stop him shouting, and Ron looked\lang3081  \lang1033 terrified at his mistake. Footsteps crossed the ceiling overhead: Draco marching Griphook to Bellatrix.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dobby\rquote s enormous, tennis-ball-shaped eyes were wide; he was trembling from his feet to the tips of his ears. He was back in the home of his old masters, and it was clear that he was petrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter,\rdblquote  he squeaked in the tiniest quiver of a voice, \ldblquote Dobby has come to rescue you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how did you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An awful scream drowned Harry\rquote s words: Hermione was being tortured again. He cut to the essentials.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can Disapparate out of this cellar?\rdblquote  he asked Dobby, who nodded, his ears flapping.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you can take humans with you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dobby nodded again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right. Dobby, I want you to grab Luna, Dean, and Mr. Olli\-vander, and take them \emdash  take them to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bill and Fleur\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Shell Cottage on the outskirts of Tinworth!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The elf nodded for a third time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then come back,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Can you do that, Dobby?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, Harry Potter,\rdblquote  whispered the little elf. He hurried over to Mr. Ollivander, who appeared to be barely conscious. He took one of the wandmaker\rquote s hands in his own, then held out the other to Luna and Dean, neither of whom moved.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, we want to help you!\rdblquote  Luna whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can\rquote t leave you here,\rdblquote  said Dean.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go, both of you! We\rquote ll see you at Bill and Fleur\rquote s.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry spoke, his scar burned worse than ever, and for a few\lang3081  \lang1033 seconds he looked down, not upon the wandmaker, but on another man who was just as old, just as thin, but laughing scornfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Kill me, then, Voldemort, I welcome death! But my death will not bring you what you seek. \'85\i0  \i There is so much you do not under\-stand. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt Voldemort\rquote s fury, but as Hermione screamed again he shut it out, returning to the cellar and the horror of his own present.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go!\rdblquote  Harry beseeched Luna and Dean. \ldblquote Go! We\rquote ll follow, just go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They caught hold of the elf\rquote s outstretched fingers. There was another loud \i crack,\i0  and Dobby, Luna, Dean, and Ollivander vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was that?\rdblquote  shouted Lucius Malfoy from over their heads. \ldblquote Did you hear that? What was that noise in the cellar?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron stared at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Draco \emdash  no, call Wormtail! Make him go and check!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Footsteps crossed the room overhead, then there was silence. Harry knew that the people in the drawing room were listening for more noises from the cellar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re going to have to try and tackle him,\rdblquote  he whispered to Ron. They had no choice: The moment anyone entered the room and saw the absence of three prisoners, they were lost. \ldblquote Leave the lights on,\rdblquote  Harry added, and as they heard someone descending the steps out\-side the door, they backed against the wall on either side of it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stand back,\rdblquote  came Wormtail\rquote s voice. \ldblquote Stand away from the door. I am coming in.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door flew open. For a split second Wormtail gazed into the apparently empty cellar, ablaze with light from the three miniature\lang3081  \lang1033 suns floating in midair. Then Harry and Ron launched themselves upon him. Ron seized Wormtail\rquote s wand arm and forced it upward; Harry slapped a hand to his mouth, muffling his voice. Silently they struggled: Wormtail\rquote s wand emitted sparks; his silver hand closed around Harry\rquote s throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it, Wormtail?\rdblquote  called Lucius Malfoy from above.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing!\rdblquote  Ron called back, in a passable imitation of Wormtail\rquote s wheezy voice. \ldblquote All fine!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could barely breathe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re going to kill me?\rdblquote  Harry choked, attempting to prise off the metal fingers. \ldblquote After I saved your life? You owe me, Wormtail!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The silver fingers slackened. Harry had not expected it: He wrenched himself free, astonished, keeping his hand over Worm\-tail\rquote s mouth. He saw the ratlike man\rquote s small watery eyes widen with fear and surprise: He seemed just as shocked as Harry at what his hand had done, at the tiny, merciful impulse it had betrayed, and he continued to struggle more powerfully, as though to undo that moment of weakness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And we\rquote ll have that,\rdblquote  whispered Ron, tugging Wormtail\rquote s wand from his other hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wandless, helpless, Pettigrew\rquote s pupils dilated in terror. His eyes had slid from Harry\rquote s face to something else. His own silver fingers were moving inexorably toward his own throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Without pausing to think, Harry tried to drag back the hand, but there was no stopping it. The silver tool that Voldemort had given his most cowardly servant had turned upon its disarmed and use\-less owner; Pettigrew was reaping his reward for his hesitation, his moment of pity; he was being strangled before their eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had released Wormtail too, and together he and Harry tried to pull the crushing metal fingers from around Wormtail\rquote s throat, but it was no use. Pettigrew was turning blue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Relashio\i0 !\rdblquote  said Ron, pointing the wand at the silver hand, but nothing happened; Pettigrew dropped to his knees, and at the same moment, Hermione gave a dreadful scream from overhead. Worm\-tail\rquote s eyes rolled upward in his purple face; he gave a last twitch, and was still.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron looked at each other, then leaving Wormtail\rquote s body on the floor behind them, ran up the stairs and back into the shad\-owy passageway leading to the drawing room. Cautiously they crept along it until they reached the drawing room door, which was ajar. Now they had a clear view of Bellatrix looking down at Griphook, who was holding Gryffindor\rquote s sword in his long-fingered hands. Her\-mione was lying at Bellatrix\rquote s feet. She was barely stirring.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  Bellatrix said to Griphook. \ldblquote Is it the true sword?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry waited, holding his breath, fighting against the prickling of his scar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Griphook. \ldblquote It is a fake.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you sure?\rdblquote  panted Bellatrix. \ldblquote Quite sure?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said the goblin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Relief broke across her face, all tension drained from it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  she said, and with a casual flick of her wand she slashed another deep cut into the goblin\rquote s face, and he dropped with a yell at her feet. She kicked him aside. \ldblquote And now,\rdblquote  she said in a voice that burst with triumph, \ldblquote we call the Dark Lord!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And she pushed back her sleeve and touched her forefinger to the Dark Mark.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At once, Harry\rquote s scar felt as though it had split open again. His true surroundings vanished: He was Voldemort, and the skeletal wizard before him was laughing toothlessly at him; he was enraged at the summons he felt \emdash  he had warned them, he had told them to summon him for nothing less than Potter. If they were mis\-taken \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Kill me, then!\rdblquote  demanded the old man.\i0  \ldblquote\i You will not win, you cannot win! That wand will never, ever be yours\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Voldemort\rquote s fury broke: A burst of green light filled the prison room and the frail old body was lifted from its hard bed and then fell back, lifeless, and Voldemort returned to the window, his wrath barely controllable. \'85 They would suffer his retribution if they had no good reason for calling him back. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And I think,\rdblquote  said Bellatrix\rquote s voice, \ldblquote we can dispose of the Mud\-blood. Greyback, take her if you want her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NOOOOOOOOOOOO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had burst into the drawing room; Bellatrix looked around, shocked; she turned her wand to face Ron instead \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote  he roared, pointing Wormtail\rquote s wand at Bella\-trix, and hers flew into the air and was caught by Harry, who had sprinted after Ron. Lucius, Narcissa, Draco, and Greyback wheeled about; Harry yelled, \ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote  and Lucius Malfoy collapsed onto the hearth. Jets of light flew from Draco\rquote s, Narcissa\rquote s, and Grey\-back\rquote s wands; Harry threw himself to the floor, rolling behind a sofa to avoid them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote STOP OR SHE DIES!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Panting, Harry peered around the edge of the sofa. Bellatrix was supporting Hermione, who seemed to be unconscious, and was holding her short silver knife to Hermione\rquote s throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Drop your wands,\rdblquote  she whispered. \ldblquote Drop them, or we\rquote ll see ex\-actly how filthy her blood is!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron stood rigid, clutching Wormtail\rquote s wand. Harry straightened up, still holding Bellatrix\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I said, drop them!\rdblquote  she screeched, pressing the blade into Hermi\-one\rquote s throat: Harry saw beads of blood appear there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right!\rdblquote  he shouted, and he dropped Bellatrix\rquote s wand onto the floor at his feet. Ron did the same with Wormtail\rquote s. Both raised their hands to shoulder height.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good!\rdblquote  she leered. \ldblquote Draco, pick them up! The Dark Lord is coming, Harry Potter! Your death approaches!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry knew it; his scar was bursting with the pain of it, and he could feel Voldemort flying through the sky from far away, over a dark and stormy sea, and soon he would be close enough to Apparate to them, and Harry could see no way out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now,\rdblquote  said Bellatrix softly, as Draco hurried back to her with the wands, \ldblquote Cissy, I think we ought to tie these little heroes up again, while Greyback takes care of Miss Mudblood. I am sure the Dark Lord will not begrudge you the girl, Greyback, after what you have done tonight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At the last word there was a peculiar grinding noise from above. All of them looked upward in time to see the crystal chandelier tremble; then, with a creak and an ominous jingling, it began to fall. Bellatrix was directly beneath it; dropping Hermione, she threw herself aside with a scream. The chandelier crashed to the floor in an explosion of crystal and chains, falling on top of Hermione and the goblin, who still clutched the sword of Gryffindor. Glittering shards of crystal flew in all directions: Draco doubled over, his hands covering his bloody face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Ron ran to pull Hermione out of the wreckage, Harry took his chance: He leapt over an armchair and wrested the three wands from Draco\rquote s grip, pointed all of them at Greyback, and yelled, \ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote  The werewolf was lifted off his feet by the triple spell, flew up to the ceiling, and then smashed to the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Narcissa dragged Draco out of the way of further harm, Bel\-latrix sprang to her feet, her hair flying as she brandished the silver knife; but Narcissa had directed her wand at the doorway.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby!\rdblquote  she screamed, and even Bellatrix froze. \ldblquote You! \i You\i0  dropped the chandelier \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The tiny elf trotted into the room, his shaking finger pointing at his old mistress.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You must not hurt Harry Potter,\rdblquote  he squeaked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kill him, Cissy!\rdblquote  shrieked Bellatrix, but there was another loud \i crack,\i0  and Narcissa\rquote s wand too flew into the air and landed on the other side of the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You dirty little monkey!\rdblquote  bawled Bellatrix. \ldblquote How dare you take a witch\rquote s wand, how dare you defy your masters?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby has no master!\rdblquote  squealed the elf. \ldblquote Dobby is a free elf, and Dobby has come to save Harry Potter and his friends!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s scar was blinding him with pain. Dimly he knew that they had moments, seconds before Voldemort was with them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, catch \emdash  and GO!\rdblquote  he yelled, throwing one of the wands to him; then he bent down to tug Griphook out from under the chandelier. Hoisting the groaning goblin, who still clung to the sword, over one shoulder, Harry seized Dobby\rquote s hand and spun on the spot to Disapparate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As he turned into darkness he caught one last view of the drawing room: of the pale, frozen figures of Narcissa and Draco, of the streak\lang3081  \lang1033 of red that was Ron\rquote s hair, and a blur of flying silver, as Bellatrix\rquote s knife flew across the room at the place where he was vanishing \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Bill and Fleur\rquote s\i0  \'85\i  Shell Cottage\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\i  Bill and Fleur\rquote s\i0  \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had disappeared into the unknown; all he could do was re\-peat the name of the destination and hope that it would suffice to take him there. The pain in his forehead pierced him, and the weight of the goblin bore down upon him; he could feel the blade of Gryffindor\rquote s sword bumping against his back; Dobby\rquote s hand jerked in his; he wondered whether the elf was trying to take charge, to pull them in the right direction, and tried, by squeezing the fingers, to indicate that that was fine with him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then they hit solid earth and smelled salty air. Harry fell to his knees, relinquished Dobby\rquote s hand, and attempted to lower Griphook gently to the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you all right?\rdblquote  he said as the goblin stirred, but Griphook merely whimpered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry squinted around through the darkness. There seemed to be a cottage a short way away under the wide starry sky, and he thought he saw movement outside it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby, is this Shell Cottage?\rdblquote  he whispered, clutching the two wands he had brought from the Malfoys\rquote , ready to fight if he needed to. \ldblquote Have we come to the right place? Dobby?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around. The little elf stood feet from him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DOBBY!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The elf swayed slightly, stars reflected in his wide, shining eyes. Together, he and Harry looked down at the silver hilt of the knife protruding from the elf\rquote s heaving chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby \emdash  no \emdash  HELP!\rdblquote  Harry bellowed toward the cottage, toward the people moving there. \ldblquote HELP!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not know or care whether they were wizards or Muggles, friends or foes; all he cared about was that a dark stain was spreading across Dobby\rquote s front, and that he had stretched out his thin arms to Harry with a look of supplication. Harry caught him and laid him sideways on the cool grass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dobby, no, don\rquote t die, don\rquote t die \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The elf\rquote s eyes found him, and his lips trembled with the effort to form words.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Potter \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then with a little shudder the elf became quite still, and his eyes were nothing more than great glassy orbs, sprinkled with light from the stars they could not see.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 24\par
\pard\qc The Wandmaker\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
It was like sinking into an old nightmare; for an instant Harry knelt again beside Dumbledore\rquote s body at the foot of the tallest tower at Hogwarts, but in reality he was staring at a tiny body curled upon the grass, pierced by Bellatrix\rquote s silver knife. Harry\rquote s voice was still saying, \ldblquote Dobby \'85 \i Dobby\i0  \'85\rdblquote  even though he knew that the elf had gone where he could not call him back.\par
After a minute or so he realized that they had, after all, come to the right place, for here were Bill and Fleur, Dean and Luna, gath\-ering around him as he knelt over the elf.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione?\rdblquote  he said suddenly. \ldblquote Where is she?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ron\rquote s taken her inside,\rdblquote  said Bill. \ldblquote She\rquote ll be all right.\rdblquote\par
Harry looked back down at Dobby. He stretched out a hand and pulled the sharp blade from the elf\rquote s body, then dragged off his own jacket and covered Dobby in it like a blanket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sea was rushing against rock somewhere nearby; Harry lis\-tened to it while the others talked, discussing matters in which he\lang3081  \lang1033 could take no interest, making decisions. Dean carried the injured Griphook into the house, Fleur hurrying with them; now Bill was making suggestions about burying the elf. Harry agreed without really knowing what he was saying. As he did so, he gazed down at the tiny body, and his scar prickled and burned, and in one part of his mind, viewed as if from the wrong end of a long telescope, he saw Voldemort punishing those they had left behind at Malfoy Manor. His rage was dreadful and yet Harry\rquote s grief for Dobby seemed to diminish it, so that it became a distant storm that reached Harry from across a vast, silent ocean.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want to do it properly,\rdblquote  were the first words of which Harry was fully conscious of speaking. \ldblquote Not by magic. Have you got a spade?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And shortly afterward he had set to work, alone, digging the grave in the place that Bill had shown him at the end of the garden, between bushes. He dug with a kind of fury, relishing the manual work, glorying in the non-magic of it, for every drop of his sweat and every blister felt like a gift to the elf who had saved their lives.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His scar burned, but he was master of the pain; he felt it, yet was apart from it. He had learned control at last, learned to shut his mind to Voldemort, the very thing Dumbledore had wanted him to learn from Snape. Just as Voldemort had not been able to pos\-sess Harry while Harry was consumed with grief for Sirius, so his thoughts could not penetrate Harry now, while he mourned Dobby. Grief, it seemed, drove Voldemort out\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 though Dumbledore, of course, would have said that it was love. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On Harry dug, deeper and deeper into the hard, cold earth, subsuming his grief in sweat, denying the pain in his scar. In the darkness, with nothing but the sound of his own breath and the\lang3081  \lang1033 rushing sea to keep him company, the things that had happened at the Malfoys\rquote  returned to him, the things he had heard came back to him, and understanding blossomed in the darkness. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The steady rhythm of his arms beat time with his thoughts. Hal\-lows \'85 Horcruxes \'85 Hallows \'85 Horcruxes \'85 Yet he no longer burned with that weird, obsessive longing. Loss and fear had snuffed it out: He felt as though he had been slapped awake again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Deeper and deeper Harry sank into the grave, and he knew where Voldemort had been tonight, and whom he had killed in the top\-most cell of Nurmengard, and why. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he thought of Wormtail, dead because of one small uncon\-scious impulse of mercy. \'85 Dumbledore had foreseen that. \'85 How much more had he known?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry lost track of time. He knew only that the darkness had lightened a few degrees when he was rejoined by Ron and Dean.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote s Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Better,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Fleur\rquote s looking after her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had his retort ready for when they asked him why he had not simply created a perfect grave with his wand, but he did not need it. They jumped down into the hole he had made with spades of their own, and together they worked in silence until the hole seemed deep enough.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry wrapped the elf more snugly in his jacket. Ron sat on the edge of the grave and stripped off his shoes and socks, which he placed upon the elf\rquote s bare feet. Dean produced a woolen hat, which Harry placed carefully upon Dobby\rquote s head, muffling his batlike ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We should close his eyes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had not heard the others coming through the darkness.\lang3081  \lang1033 Bill was wearing a traveling cloak, Fleur a large white apron, from the pocket of which protruded a bottle of what Harry recognized to be Skele-Gro. Hermione was wrapped in a borrowed dressing gown, pale and unsteady on her feet; Ron put an arm around her when she reached him. Luna, who was huddled in one of Fleur\rquote s coats, crouched down and placed her fingers tenderly upon each of the elf\rquote s eyelids, sliding them over his glassy stare.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There,\rdblquote  she said softly. \ldblquote Now he could be sleeping.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry placed the elf into the grave, arranged his tiny limbs so that he might have been resting, then climbed out and gazed for the last time upon the little body. He forced himself not to break down as he remembered Dumbledore\rquote s funeral, and the rows and rows of golden chairs, and the Minister of Magic in the front row, the recitation of Dumbledore\rquote s achievements, the stateliness of the white marble tomb. He felt that Dobby deserved just as grand a funeral, and yet here the elf lay between bushes in a roughly dug hole.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we ought to say something,\rdblquote  piped up Luna. \ldblquote I\rquote ll go first, shall I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And as everybody looked at her, she addressed the dead elf at the bottom of the grave.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you so much, Dobby, for rescuing me from that cellar. It\rquote s so unfair that you had to die, when you were so good and brave. I\rquote ll always remember what you did for us. I hope you\rquote re happy now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She turned and looked expectantly at Ron, who cleared his throat and said in a thick voice, \ldblquote Yeah \'85 thanks, Dobby.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  muttered Dean.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry swallowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good-bye, Dobby,\rdblquote  he said. It was all he could manage, but Luna had said it all for him. Bill raised his wand, and the pile of\lang3081  \lang1033 earth beside the grave rose up into the air and fell neatly upon it, a small, reddish mound.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you mind if I stay here a moment?\rdblquote  he asked the others.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They murmured words he did not catch; he felt gentle pats upon his back, and then they all traipsed back toward the cottage, leaving Harry alone beside the elf.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around: There were a number of large white stones, smoothed by the sea, marking the edge of the flower beds. He picked up one of the largest and laid it, pillowlike, over the place where Dobby\rquote s head now rested. He then felt in his pocket for a wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were two in there. He had forgotten, lost track; he could not now remember whose wands these were; he seemed to remem\-ber wrenching them out of someone\rquote s hand. He selected the shorter of the two, which felt friendlier in his hand, and pointed it at the rock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slowly, under his murmured instruction, deep cuts appeared upon the rock\rquote s surface. He knew that Hermione could have done it more neatly, and probably more quickly, but he wanted to mark the spot as he had wanted to dig the grave. When Harry stood up again, the stone read:\par
\par
\pard\qc\lang3081 HERE LIES DOBBY, A FREE ELF.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
He looked down at his handiwork for a few more seconds, then walked away, his scar still prickling a little, and his mind full of those things that had come to him in the grave, ideas that had taken shape in the darkness, ideas both fascinating and terrible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were all sitting in the living room when he entered the little hall, their attention focused upon Bill, who was talking. The room\lang3081  \lang1033 was light-colored, pretty, with a small fire of driftwood burning brightly in the fireplace. Harry did not want to drop mud upon the carpet, so he stood in the doorway, listening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 lucky that Ginny\rquote s on holiday. If she\rquote d been at Hogwarts, they could have taken her before we reached her. Now we know she\rquote s safe too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around and saw Harry standing there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been getting them all out of the Burrow,\rdblquote  he explained. \ldblquote Moved them to Muriel\rquote s. The Death Eaters know Ron\rquote s with you now, they\rquote re bound to target the family \emdash  don\rquote t apologize,\rdblquote  he added at the sight of Harry\rquote s expression. \ldblquote It was always a matter of time, Dad\rquote s been saying so for months. We\rquote re the biggest blood-traitor family there is.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are they protected?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fidelius Charm. Dad\rquote s Secret-Keeper. And we\rquote ve done it on this cottage too; I\rquote m Secret-Keeper here. None of us can go to work, but that\rquote s hardly the most important thing now. Once Ollivander and Griphook are well enough, we\rquote ll move them to Muriel\rquote s too. There isn\rquote t much room here, but she\rquote s got plenty. Griphook\rquote s legs are on the mend, Fleur\rquote s given him Skele-Gro; we could probably move them in an hour or \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Harry said, and Bill looked startled. \ldblquote I need both of them here. I need to talk to them. It\rquote s important.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He heard the authority in his own voice, the conviction, the sense of purpose that had come to him as he dug Dobby\rquote s grave. All of their faces were turned toward him, looking puzzled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to wash,\rdblquote  Harry told Bill, looking down at his hands, still covered in mud and Dobby\rquote s blood. \ldblquote Then I\rquote ll need to see them, straightaway.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He walked into the little kitchen, to the basin beneath a window overlooking the sea. Dawn was breaking over the horizon, shell pink and faintly gold, as he washed, again following the train of thought that had come to him in the dark garden. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dobby would never be able to tell them who had sent him to the cellar, but Harry knew what he had seen. A piercing blue eye had looked out of the mirror fragment, and then help had come. \i Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Harry dried his hands, impervious to the beauty of the scene outside the window and to the murmuring of the others in the sit\-ting room. He looked out over the ocean and felt closer, this dawn, than ever before, closer to the heart of it all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And still his scar prickled, and he knew that Voldemort was get\-ting there too. Harry understood and yet did not understand. His instinct was telling him one thing, his brain quite another. The Dumbledore in Harry\rquote s head smiled, surveying Harry over the tips of his fingers, pressed together as if in prayer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i You gave Ron the Deluminator. You understood him. \'85\i0  \i You gave him a way back. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i And you understood Wormtail too. \'85 You knew there was a bit of regret there, somewhere. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i And if you knew them\i0  \'85 \i What did you know about me, Dumble\-dore?\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Am I meant to know, but not to seek? Did you know how hard I\rquote d find that? Is that why you made it this difficult? So I\rquote d have time to work that out?\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Harry stood quite still, eyes glazed, watching the place where a bright gold rim of dazzling sun was rising over the horizon. Then he looked down at his clean hands and was momentarily surprised to\lang3081  \lang1033 see the cloth he was holding in them. He set it down and returned to the hall, and as he did so, he felt his scar pulse angrily, and there flashed across his mind, swift as the reflection of a dragonfly over water, the outline of a building he knew extremely well.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bill and Fleur were standing at the foot of the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I need to speak to Griphook and Ollivander,\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Fleur. \ldblquote You will \rquote ave to wait, \rquote Arry. Zey are both ill, tired \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  he said without heat, \ldblquote but it can\rquote t wait. I need to talk to them now. Privately \emdash  and separately. It\rquote s urgent.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, what the hell\rquote s going on?\rdblquote  asked Bill. \ldblquote You turn up here with a dead house-elf and a half-conscious goblin, Hermione looks as though she\rquote s been tortured, and Ron\rquote s just refused to tell me anything \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can\rquote t tell you what we\rquote re doing,\rdblquote  said Harry flatly. \ldblquote You\rquote re in the Order, Bill, you know Dumbledore left us a mission. We\rquote re not supposed to talk about it to anyone else.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fleur made an impatient noise, but Bill did not look at her; he was staring at Harry. His deeply scarred face was hard to read. Finally Bill said, \ldblquote All right. Who do you want to talk to first?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hesitated. He knew what hung on his decision. There was hardly any time left; now was the moment to decide: Horcruxes or Hallows?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Griphook,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote I\rquote ll speak to Griphook first.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His heart was racing as if he had been sprinting and had just cleared an enormous obstacle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Up here, then,\rdblquote  said Bill, leading the way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had walked up several steps before stopping and looking back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I need you two as well!\rdblquote  he called to Ron and Hermione, who had been skulking, half concealed, in the doorway of the sitting room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They both moved into the light, looking oddly relieved.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are you?\rdblquote  Harry asked Hermione. \ldblquote You were amazing \emdash  coming up with that story when she was hurting you like that \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione gave a weak smile as Ron gave her a one-armed squeeze.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are we doing now, Harry?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll see. Come on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed Bill up the steep stairs onto a small landing. Three doors led off it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In here,\rdblquote  said Bill, opening the door into his and Fleur\rquote s room. It too had a view of the sea, now flecked with gold in the sunrise. Harry moved to the window, turned his back on the spectacular view, and waited, his arms folded, his scar prickling. Hermione took the chair beside the dressing table; Ron sat on the arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bill reappeared, carrying the little goblin, whom he set down carefully upon the bed. Griphook grunted thanks, and Bill left, closing the door upon them all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry to take you out of bed,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote How are your legs?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Painful,\rdblquote  replied the goblin. \ldblquote But mending.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was still clutching the sword of Gryffindor, and wore a strange look: half truculent, half intrigued. Harry noted the goblin\rquote s sallow skin, his long thin fingers, his black eyes. Fleur had removed his shoes: His long feet were dirty. He was larger than a house-elf, but not by much. His domed head was much bigger than a human\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You probably don\rquote t remember \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  that I was the goblin who showed you to your vault, the first time you ever visited Gringotts?\rdblquote  said Griphook. \ldblquote I remember, Harry Potter. Even amongst goblins, you are very famous.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and the goblin looked at each other, sizing each other up. Harry\rquote s scar was still prickling. He wanted to get through this in\-terview with Griphook quickly, and at the same time was afraid of making a false move. While he tried to decide on the best way to approach his request, the goblin broke the silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You buried the elf,\rdblquote  he said, sounding unexpectedly rancorous. \ldblquote I watched you from the window of the bedroom next door.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Griphook looked at him out of the corners of his slanting black eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are an unusual wizard, Harry Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In what way?\rdblquote  asked Harry, rubbing his scar absently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You dug the grave.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Griphook did not answer. Harry rather thought he was being sneered at for acting like a Muggle, but it did not much matter to him whether Griphook approved of Dobby\rquote s grave or not. He gath\-ered himself for the attack.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Griphook, I need to ask \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You also rescued a goblin.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You brought me here. Saved me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I take it you\rquote re not sorry?\rdblquote  said Harry a little impatiently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Harry Potter,\rdblquote  said Griphook, and with one finger he twisted the thin black beard upon his chin, \ldblquote but you are a very odd wizard.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Well, I need some help, Griphook, and you can give it to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblin made no sign of encouragement, but continued to frown at Harry as though he had never seen anything like him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I need to break into a Gringotts vault.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had not meant to say it so baldly; the words were forced from him as pain shot through his lightning scar and he saw, again, the outline of Hogwarts. He closed his mind firmly. He needed to deal with Griphook first. Ron and Hermione were staring at Harry as though he had gone mad.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash\rdblquote  said Hermione, but she was cut off by Griphook.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Break into a Gringotts vault?\rdblquote  repeated the goblin, wincing a little as he shifted his position upon the bed. \ldblquote It is impossible.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it isn\rquote t,\rdblquote  Ron contradicted him. \ldblquote It\rquote s been done.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote The same day I first met you, Griphook. My birthday, seven years ago.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The vault in question was empty at the time,\rdblquote  snapped the gob\-lin, and Harry understood that even though Griphook had left Gringotts, he was offended at the idea of its defenses being breached. \ldblquote Its protection was minimal.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, the vault we need to get into isn\rquote t empty, and I\rquote m guess\-ing its protection will be pretty powerful,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote It belongs to the Lestranges.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He saw Hermione and Ron look at each other, astonished, but there would be time enough to explain after Griphook had given his answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have no chance,\rdblquote  said Griphook flatly. \ldblquote No chance at all. \i If you seek beneath our floors, a treasure that was never yours\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Thief,\lang3081  \lang1033 you have been warned, beware\i0  \emdash  yeah, I know, I remember,\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Harry. \ldblquote But I\rquote m not trying to get myself any treasure, I\rquote m not trying to take anything for personal gain. Can you believe that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblin looked slantwise at Harry, and the lightning scar on Harry\rquote s forehead prickled, but he ignored it, refusing to acknowl\-edge its pain or its invitation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If there was a wizard of whom I would believe that they did not seek personal gain,\rdblquote  said Griphook finally, \ldblquote it would be you, Harry Potter. Goblins and elves are not used to the protection or the re\-spect that you have shown this night. Not from wand-carriers.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wand-carriers,\rdblquote  repeated Harry: The phrase fell oddly upon his ears as his scar prickled, as Voldemort turned his thoughts north\-ward, and as Harry burned to question Ollivander next door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The right to carry a wand,\rdblquote  said the goblin quietly, \ldblquote has long been contested between wizards and goblins.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, goblins can do magic without wands,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That is immaterial! Wizards refuse to share the secrets of wand-lore with other magical beings, they deny us the possibility of ex\-tending our powers!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, goblins won\rquote t share any of their magic either,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You won\rquote t tell us how to make swords and armor the way you do. Goblins know how to work metal in a way wizards have never \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It doesn\rquote t matter,\rdblquote  said Harry, noting Griphook\rquote s rising color. \ldblquote This isn\rquote t about wizards versus goblins or any other sort of magi\-cal creature \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Griphook gave a nasty laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it is, it is about precisely that! As the Dark Lord becomes ever more powerful, your race is set still more firmly above mine!\lang3081  \lang1033 Gringotts falls under Wizarding rule, house-elves are slaughtered, and who amongst the wand-carriers protests?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We do!\rdblquote  said Hermione. She had sat up straight, her eyes bright. \ldblquote We protest! And I\rquote m hunted quite as much as any goblin or elf, Griphook! I\rquote m a Mudblood!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t call yourself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote  Ron muttered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why shouldn\rquote t I?\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Mudblood, and proud of it! I\rquote ve got no higher position under this new order than you have, Griphook! It was me they chose to torture, back at the Malfoys\rquote !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As she spoke, she pulled aside the neck of the dressing gown to reveal the thin cut Bellatrix had made, scarlet against her throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you know that it was Harry who set Dobby free?\rdblquote  she asked. \ldblquote Did you know that we\rquote ve wanted elves to be freed for years?\rdblquote  (Ron fidgeted uncomfortably on the arm of Hermione\rquote s chair.) \ldblquote You can\rquote t want You-Know-Who defeated more than we do, Griphook!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblin gazed at Hermione with the same curiosity he had shown Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you seek within the Lestranges\rquote  vault?\rdblquote  he asked abruptly. \ldblquote The sword that lies inside it is a fake. This is the real one.\rdblquote  He looked from one to the other of them. \ldblquote I think that you already know this. You asked me to lie for you back there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But the fake sword isn\rquote t the only thing in that vault, is it?\rdblquote  asked Harry. \ldblquote Perhaps you\rquote ve seen the other things in there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His heart was pounding harder than ever. He redoubled his ef\-forts to ignore the pulsing of his scar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblin twisted his beard around his finger again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is against our code to speak of the secrets of Gringotts. We are the guardians of fabulous treasures. We have a duty to the\lang3081  \lang1033 objects placed in our care, which were, so often, wrought by our fingers.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblin stroked the sword, and his black eyes roved from Harry to Hermione to Ron and then back again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So young,\rdblquote  he said finally, \ldblquote to be fighting so many.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Will you help us?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We haven\rquote t got a hope of break\-ing in without a goblin\rquote s help. You\rquote re our one chance.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I shall\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 think about it,\rdblquote  said Griphook maddeningly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote  Ron started angrily; Hermione nudged him in the ribs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblin bowed his great domed head in acknowledgement, then flexed his short legs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think,\rdblquote  he said, settling himself ostentatiously upon Bill and Fleur\rquote s bed, \ldblquote that the Skele-Gro has finished its work. I may be able to sleep at last. Forgive me. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, of course,\rdblquote  said Harry, but before leaving the room he leaned forward and took the sword of Gryffindor from beside the goblin. Griphook did not protest, but Harry thought he saw resent\-ment in the goblin\rquote s eyes as he closed the door upon him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Little git,\rdblquote  whispered Ron. \ldblquote He\rquote s enjoying keeping us hanging.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione, pulling them both away from the door, into the middle of the still-dark landing, \ldblquote are you saying what I think you\rquote re saying? Are you saying there\rquote s a Horcrux in the Lestranges\rquote  vault?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Bellatrix was terrified when she thought we\rquote d been in there, she was beside herself. Why? What did she think we\rquote d seen, what else did she think we might have taken? Something she was petrified You-Know-Who would find out about.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I thought we were looking for places You-Know-Who\rquote s been, places he\rquote s done something important?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking baffled. \ldblquote Was he ever inside the Lestranges\rquote  vault?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know whether he was ever inside Gringotts,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He never had gold there when he was younger, because nobody left him anything. He would have seen the bank from the outside, though, the first time he ever went to Diagon Alley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s scar throbbed, but he ignored it; he wanted Ron and Hermione to understand about Gringotts before they spoke to Ollivander.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think he would have envied anyone who had a key to a Grin\-gotts vault. I think he\rquote d have seen it as a real symbol of belonging to the Wizarding world. And don\rquote t forget, he trusted Bellatrix and her husband. They were his most devoted servants before he fell, and they went looking for him after he vanished. He said it the night he came back, I heard him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry rubbed his scar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think he\rquote d have told Bellatrix it was a Horcrux, though. He never told Lucius Malfoy the truth about the diary. He prob\-ably told her it was a treasured possession and asked her to place it in her vault. The safest place in the world for anything you want to hide, Hagrid told me \'85 except for Hogwarts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Harry had finished speaking, Ron shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You really understand him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bits of him,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Bits\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I just wish I\rquote d understood Dum\-bledore as much. But we\rquote ll see. Come on \emdash  Ollivander now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione looked bewildered but impressed as they followed him across the little landing and knocked upon the door opposite Bill and Fleur\rquote s. A weak \ldblquote Come in!\rdblquote  answered them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wandmaker was lying on the twin bed farthest from the window. He had been held in the cellar for more than a year, and tortured, Harry knew, on at least one occasion. He was emaciated, the bones of his face sticking out sharply against the yellowish skin. His great silver eyes seemed vast in their sunken sockets. The hands that lay upon the blanket could have belonged to a skeleton. Harry sat down on the empty bed, beside Ron and Hermione. The rising sun was not visible here. The room faced the cliff-top garden and the freshly dug grave.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Ollivander, I\rquote m sorry to disturb you,\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear boy.\rdblquote  Ollivander\rquote s voice was feeble. \ldblquote You rescued us. I thought we would die in that place. I can never thank you \'85 \i never \i0 thank you \'85 enough.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We were glad to do it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s scar throbbed. He knew, he was certain, that there was hardly any time left in which to beat Voldemort to his goal, or else to attempt to thwart him. He felt a flutter of panic \'85 yet he had made his decision when he chose to speak to Griphook first. Feign\-ing a calm he did not feel, he groped in the pouch around his neck and took out the two halves of his broken wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Ollivander, I need some help.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anything. Anything,\rdblquote  said the wandmaker weakly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you mend this? Is it possible?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ollivander held out a trembling hand, and Harry placed the two barely connected halves into his palm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Holly and phoenix feather,\rdblquote  said Ollivander in a tremulous voice. \ldblquote Eleven inches. Nice and supple.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Can you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  whispered Ollivander. \ldblquote I am sorry, very sorry, but a wand\lang3081  \lang1033 that has suffered this degree of damage cannot be repaired by any means that I know of.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had been braced to hear it, but it was a blow nevertheless. He took the wand halves back and replaced them in the pouch around his neck. Ollivander stared at the place where the shat\-tered wand had vanished, and did not look away until Harry had taken from his pocket the two wands he had brought from the Malfoys\rquote .\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you identify these?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wandmaker took the first of the wands and held it close to his faded eyes, rolling it between his knobble-knuckled fingers, flex\-ing it slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Walnut and dragon heartstring,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Twelve-and-three-quarter inches. Unyielding. This wand belonged to Bellatrix Lestrange.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And this one?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ollivander performed the same examination.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hawthorn and unicorn hair. Ten inches precisely. Reasonably springy. This was the wand of Draco Malfoy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Was?\rdblquote  repeated Harry. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t it still his?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perhaps not. If you took it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  I did \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  then it may be yours. Of course, the manner of taking mat\-ters. Much also depends upon the wand itself. In general, however, where a wand has been won, its allegiance will change.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence in the room, except for the distant rushing of the sea.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You talk about wands like they\rquote ve got feelings,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote like they can think for themselves.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The wand chooses the wizard,\rdblquote  said Ollivander. \ldblquote That much has always been clear to those of us who have studied wandlore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A person can still use a wand that hasn\rquote t chosen them, though?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, if you are any wizard at all you will be able to channel your magic through almost any instrument. The best results, how\-ever, must always come where there is the strongest affinity between wizard and wand. These connections are complex. An initial attrac\-tion, and then a mutual quest for experience, the wand learning from the wizard, the wizard from the wand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sea gushed forward and backward; it was a mournful sound.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I took this wand from Draco Malfoy by force,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Can I use it safely?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think so. Subtle laws govern wand ownership, but the con\-quered wand will usually bend its will to its new master.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So I should use this one?\rdblquote  said Ron, pulling Wormtail\rquote s wand out of his pocket and handing it to Ollivander.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Chestnut and dragon heartstring. Nine-and-a-quarter inches. Brittle. I was forced to make this shortly after my kidnapping, for Peter Pettigrew. Yes, if you won it, it is more likely to do your bid\-ding, and do it well, than another wand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And this holds true for all wands, does it?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think so,\rdblquote  replied Ollivander, his protuberant eyes upon Har\-ry\rquote s face. \ldblquote You ask deep questions, Mr. Potter. Wandlore is a complex and mysterious branch of magic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, it isn\rquote t necessary to kill the previous owner to take true pos\-session of a wand?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ollivander swallowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Necessary? No, I should not say that it is necessary to kill.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are legends, though,\rdblquote  said Harry, and as his heart rate quickened, the pain in his scar became more intense; he was sure that Voldemort had decided to put his idea into action. \ldblquote Legends about a wand \emdash  or wands \emdash  that have passed from hand to hand by murder.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ollivander turned pale. Against the snowy pillow he was light gray, and his eyes were enormous, bloodshot, and bulging with what looked like fear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only one wand, I think,\rdblquote  he whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And You-Know-Who is interested in it, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  how?\rdblquote  croaked Ollivander, and he looked appealingly at Ron and Hermione for help. \ldblquote How do you know this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He wanted you to tell him how to overcome the connection between our wands,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ollivander looked terrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He tortured me, you must understand that! The Cruciatus Curse, I \emdash  I had no choice but to tell him what I knew, what I guessed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I understand,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You told him about the twin cores? You said he just had to borrow another wizard\rquote s wand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ollivander looked horrified, transfixed, by the amount that Harry knew. He nodded slowly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it didn\rquote t work,\rdblquote  Harry went on. \ldblquote Mine still beat the bor\-rowed wand. Do you know why that is?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ollivander shook his head as slowly as he had just nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had \'85 never heard of such a thing. Your wand performed something unique that night. The connection of the twin cores is incredibly rare, yet why your wand should have snapped the bor\-rowed wand, I do not know. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We were talking about the other wand, the wand that changes hands by murder. When You-Know-Who realized my wand had done something strange, he came back and asked about that other wand, didn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you know this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, he asked,\rdblquote  whispered Ollivander. \ldblquote He wanted to know ev\-erything I could tell him about the wand variously known as the Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny, or the Elder Wand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced sideways at Hermione. She looked flabbergasted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord,\rdblquote  said Ollivander in hushed and frightened tones, \ldblquote had always been happy with the wand I made him \emdash  yew and phoenix feather, thirteen-and-a-half inches \emdash  until he discovered the connection of the twin cores. Now he seeks another, more pow\-erful wand, as the only way to conquer yours.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he\rquote ll know soon, if he doesn\rquote t already, that mine\rquote s broken beyond repair,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Hermione, sounding frightened. \ldblquote He can\rquote t know that, Harry, how could he \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Priori Incantatem,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We left your wand and the blackthorn wand at the Malfoys\rquote , Hermione. If they examine them properly, make them re-create the spells they\rquote ve cast lately, they\rquote ll see that yours broke mine, they\rquote ll see that you tried and failed to mend it, and they\rquote ll realize that I\rquote ve been using the blackthorn one ever since.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The little color she had regained since their arrival had drained from her face. Ron gave Harry a reproachful look, and said, \ldblquote Let\rquote s not worry about that now \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Mr. Ollivander intervened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord no longer seeks the Elder Wand only for your destruction, Mr. Potter. He is determined to possess it because he believes it will make him truly invulnerable.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And will it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The owner of the Elder Wand must always fear attack,\rdblquote  said Ollivander, \ldblquote but the idea of the Dark Lord in possession of the Deathstick is, I must admit\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 formidable.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was suddenly reminded of how he had been unsure, when they first met, of how much he liked Ollivander. Even now, having been tortured and imprisoned by Voldemort, the idea of the Dark wizard in possession of this wand seemed to enthrall him as much as it repulsed him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  you really think this wand exists, then, Mr. Ollivander?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Ollivander. \ldblquote Yes, it is perfectly possible to trace the wand\rquote s course through history. There are gaps, of course, and long ones, where it vanishes from view, temporarily lost or hidden; but always it resurfaces. It has certain identifying characteristics that those who are learned in wandlore recognize. There are written ac\-counts, some of them obscure, that I and other wandmakers have made it our business to study. They have the ring of authenticity.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you \emdash  you don\rquote t think it can be a fairy tale or a myth?\rdblquote  Her\-mione asked hopefully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ollivander. \ldblquote Whether it \i needs\i0  to pass by murder, I do not know. Its history is bloody, but that may be simply due to the fact that it is such a desirable object, and arouses such passions in wizards. Immensely powerful, dangerous in the wrong hands, and an object of incredible fascination to all of us who study the power of wands.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Ollivander,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote you told You-Know-Who that Gregorovitch had the Elder Wand, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ollivander turned, if possible, even paler. He looked ghostly as he gulped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how \emdash  how do you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never mind how I know it,\rdblquote  said Harry, closing his eyes mo\-mentarily as his scar burned and he saw, for mere seconds, a vision of the main street in Hogsmeade, still dark, because it was so much farther north. \ldblquote You told You-Know-Who that Gregorovitch had the wand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was a rumor,\rdblquote  whispered Ollivander. \ldblquote A rumor, years and years ago, long before you were born! I believe Gregorovitch himself started it. You can see how good it would be for business: that he was studying and duplicating the qualities of the Elder Wand!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I can see that,\rdblquote  said Harry. He stood up. \ldblquote Mr. Ollivander, one last thing, and then we\rquote ll let you get some rest. What do you know about the Deathly Hallows?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The \emdash  the what?\rdblquote  asked the wandmaker, looking utterly bewildered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Deathly Hallows.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m afraid I don\rquote t know what you\rquote re talking about. Is this still something to do with wands?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked into the sunken face and believed that Ollivander was not acting. He did not know about the Hallows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Thank you very much. We\rquote ll leave you to get some rest now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ollivander looked stricken.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was torturing me!\rdblquote  he gasped. \ldblquote The Cruciatus Curse \'85 you have no idea. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I really do. Please get some rest. Thank you for telling me all of this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He led Ron and Hermione down the staircase. Harry caught a glimpse of Bill, Fleur, Luna, and Dean sitting at the table in the kitchen, cups of tea in front of them. They all looked up at Harry as he appeared in the doorway, but he merely nodded to them and con\-tinued into the garden, Ron and Hermione behind him. The reddish mound of earth that covered Dobby lay ahead, and Harry walked back to it, as the pain in his head built more and more powerfully. It was a huge effort now to close down the visions that were forc\-ing themselves upon him, but he knew that he would have to resist only a little longer. He would yield very soon, because he needed to know that his theory was right. He must make only one more short effort, so that he could explain to Ron and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gregorovitch had the Elder Wand a long time ago,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I saw You-Know-Who trying to find him. When he tracked him down, he found that Gregorovitch didn\rquote t have it anymore: It was stolen from him by Grindelwald. How Grindelwald found out that Gregorovitch had it, I don\rquote t know \emdash  but if Gregorovitch was stupid enough to spread the rumor, it can\rquote t have been that difficult.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort was at the gates of Hogwarts; Harry could see him standing there, and see too the lamp bobbing in the pre-dawn, com\-ing closer and closer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Grindelwald used the Elder Wand to become powerful. And at the height of his power, when Dumbledore knew he was the only one who could stop him, he dueled Grindelwald and beat him, and he took the Elder Wand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Dumbledore\i0  had the Elder Wand?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote But then \emdash  where is it now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At Hogwarts,\rdblquote  said Harry, fighting to remain with them in the cliff-top garden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then, let\rquote s go!\rdblquote  said Ron urgently. \ldblquote Harry, let\rquote s go and get it before he does!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s too late for that,\rdblquote  said Harry. He could not help himself, but clutched his head, trying to help it resist. \ldblquote He knows where it is. He\rquote s there now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  Ron said furiously. \ldblquote How long have you known this \emdash  why have we been wasting time? Why did you talk to Griphook first? We could have gone \emdash  we could still go \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he sank to his knees in the grass. \ldblquote Hermi\-one\rquote s right. Dumbledore didn\rquote t want me to have it. He didn\rquote t want me to take it. He wanted me to get the Horcruxes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The unbeatable wand, Harry!\rdblquote  moaned Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not supposed to \'85 I\rquote m supposed to get the Horcruxes. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now everything was cool and dark: The sun was barely vis\-ible over the horizon as he glided alongside Snape, up through the grounds toward the lake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I shall join you in the castle shortly,\rdblquote  he said in his high, cold voice. \ldblquote Leave me now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape bowed and set off back up the path, his black cloak billow\-ing behind him. Harry walked slowly, waiting for Snape\rquote s figure to disappear. It would not do for Snape, or indeed anyone else, to see where he was going. But there were no lights in the castle windows, and he could conceal himself\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and in a second he had cast upon himself a Disillusionment Charm that hid him even from his own eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he walked on, around the edge of the lake, taking in the out\-lines of the beloved castle, his first kingdom, his birthright. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And here it was, beside the lake, reflected in the dark waters. The white marble tomb, an unnecessary blot on the familiar landscape. He felt again that rush of controlled euphoria, that heady sense of purpose in destruction. He raised the old yew wand: How fitting that this would be its last great act.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The tomb split open from head to foot. The shrouded figure was as long and thin as it had been in life. He raised the wand again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wrappings fell open. The face was translucent, pale, sunken, yet almost perfectly preserved. They had left his spectacles on the crooked nose: He felt amused derision. Dumbledore\rquote s hands were folded upon his chest, and there it lay, clutched beneath them, bur\-ied with him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Had the old fool imagined that marble or death would protect the wand? Had he thought that the Dark Lord would be scared to violate his tomb? The spiderlike hand swooped and pulled the wand from Dumbledore\rquote s grasp, and as he took it, a shower of sparks flew from its tip, sparkling over the corpse of its last owner, ready to serve a new master at last.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 25\par
\pard\qc Shell Cottage\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Bill and Fleur\rquote s cottage stood alone on a cliff overlooking the sea, its walls embedded with shells and whitewashed. It was a lonely and beautiful place. Wherever Harry went inside the tiny cottage or its garden, he could hear the constant ebb and flow of the sea, like the breathing of some great, slumbering creature. He spent much of the next few days making excuses to escape the crowded cottage, craving the cliff-top view of open sky and wide, empty sea, and the feel of cold, salty wind on his face.\par
The enormity of his decision not to race Voldemort to the wand still scared Harry. He could not remember, ever before, choosing \i not\i0  to act. He was full of doubts, doubts that Ron could not help voicing whenever they were together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What if Dumbledore wanted us to work out the symbol in time to get the wand?\rdblquote  \ldblquote What if working out what the symbol meant made you \lquote worthy\rquote  to get the Hallows?\rdblquote  \ldblquote Harry, if that really is the Elder Wand, how the hell are we supposed to finish off You-Know-Who?\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry had no answers: There were moments when he wondered whether it had been outright madness not to try to prevent Volde\-mort breaking open the tomb. He could not even explain satisfacto\-rily why he had decided against it: Every time he tried to reconstruct the internal arguments that had led to his decision, they sounded feebler to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The odd thing was that Hermione\rquote s support made him feel just as confused as Ron\rquote s doubts. Now forced to accept that the Elder Wand was real, she maintained that it was an evil object, and that the way Voldemort had taken possession of it was repellent, not to be considered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You could never have done that, Harry,\rdblquote  she said again and again. \ldblquote You couldn\rquote t have broken into Dumbledore\rquote s grave.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the idea of Dumbledore\rquote s corpse frightened Harry much less than the possibility that he might have misunderstood the living Dumbledore\rquote s intentions. He felt that he was still groping in the dark; he had chosen his path but kept looking back, wondering whether he had misread the signs, whether he should not have taken the other way. From time to time, anger at Dumbledore crashed over him again, powerful as the waves slamming themselves against the cliff beneath the cottage, anger that Dumbledore had not explained before he died.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \i is\i0  he dead?\rdblquote  said Ron, three days after they had arrived at the cottage. Harry had been staring out over the wall that separated the cottage garden from the cliff when Ron and Hermione had found him; he wished they had not, having no wish to join in with their argument.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, he is, Ron, \i please\i0  don\rquote t start that again!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at the facts, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron, speaking across Harry,\lang3081  \lang1033 who continued to gaze at the horizon. \ldblquote The silver doe. The sword. The eye Harry saw in the mirror \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry admits he could have imagined the eye! Don\rquote t you, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I could have,\rdblquote  said Harry without looking at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you don\rquote t think you did, do you?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There you go!\rdblquote  said Ron quickly, before Hermione could carry on. \ldblquote If it wasn\rquote t Dumbledore, explain how Dobby knew we were in the cellar, Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t \emdash  but can you explain how Dumbledore sent him to us if he\rquote s lying in a tomb at Hogwarts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno, it could\rquote ve been his ghost!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore wouldn\rquote t come back as a ghost,\rdblquote  said Harry. There was little about Dumbledore he was sure of now, but he knew that much. \ldblquote He would have gone on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, \lquote gone on\rquote ?\rdblquote  asked Ron, but before Harry could say any more, a voice behind them said, \ldblquote  \rquote Arry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fleur had come out of the cottage, her long silver hair flying in the breeze.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Arry, Grip\rquote ook would like to speak to you. \rquote E eez in ze smallest bedroom, \rquote e says \rquote e does not want to be over\rquote eard.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her dislike of the goblin sending her to deliver messages was clear; she looked irritable as she walked back around the house.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Griphook was waiting for them, as Fleur had said, in the tiniest of the cottage\rquote s three bedrooms, in which Hermione and Luna slept by night. He had drawn the red cotton curtains against the bright, cloudy sky, which gave the room a fiery glow at odds with the rest of the airy, light cottage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have reached my decision, Harry Potter,\rdblquote  said the goblin, who was sitting cross-legged in a low chair, drumming its arms with his spindly fingers. \ldblquote Though the goblins of Gringotts will consider it base treachery, I have decided to help you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s great!\rdblquote  said Harry, relief surging through him. \ldblquote Griphook, thank you, we\rquote re really \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  in return,\rdblquote  said the goblin firmly, \ldblquote for payment.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slightly taken aback, Harry hesitated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How much do you want? I\rquote ve got gold.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not gold,\rdblquote  said Griphook. \ldblquote I have gold.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His black eyes glittered; there were no whites to his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I want the sword. The sword of Godric Gryffindor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s spirits plummeted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t have that,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then,\rdblquote  said the goblin softly, \ldblquote we have a problem.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can give you something else,\rdblquote  said Ron eagerly. \ldblquote I\rquote ll bet the Lestranges have got loads of stuff, you can take your pick once we get into the vault.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had said the wrong thing. Griphook flushed angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am not a thief, boy! I am not trying to procure treasures to which I have no right!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The sword\rquote s ours \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is not,\rdblquote  said the goblin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re Gryffindors, and it was Godric Gryffindor\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And before it was Gryffindor\rquote s, whose was it?\rdblquote  demanded the goblin, sitting up straight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It was made for him, wasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  cried the goblin, bristling with anger as he pointed a long finger at Ron. \ldblquote Wizarding arrogance again! That sword was Ragnuk\lang3081  \lang1033 the First\rquote s, taken from him by Godric Gryffindor! It is a lost treasure, a masterpiece of goblinwork! It belongs with the goblins! The sword is the price of my hire, take it or leave it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Griphook glared at them. Harry glanced at the other two, then said, \ldblquote We need to discuss this, Griphook, if that\rquote s all right. Could you give us a few minutes?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblin nodded, looking sour.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Downstairs in the empty sitting room, Harry walked to the fire\-place, brow furrowed, trying to think what to do. Behind him, Ron said, \ldblquote He\rquote s having a laugh. We can\rquote t let him have that sword.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is true?\rdblquote  Harry asked Hermione. \ldblquote Was the sword stolen by Gryffindor?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  she said hopelessly. \ldblquote Wizarding history often skates over what the wizards have done to other magical races, but there\rquote s no account that I know of that says Gryffindor stole the sword.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote ll be one of those goblin stories,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote about how the wiz\-ards are always trying to get one over on them. I suppose we should think ourselves lucky he hasn\rquote t asked for one of our wands.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Goblins have got good reason to dislike wizards, Ron,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione. \ldblquote They\rquote ve been treated brutally in the past.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Goblins aren\rquote t exactly fluffy little bunnies, though, are they?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote They\rquote ve killed plenty of us. They\rquote ve fought dirty too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But arguing with Griphook about whose race is most under\-handed and violent isn\rquote t going to make him more likely to help us, is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause while they tried to think of a way around the problem. Harry looked out of the window at Dobby\rquote s grave. Luna was arranging sea lavender in a jam jar beside the headstone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Ron, and Harry turned back to face him, \ldblquote how\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033 this? We tell Griphook we need the sword until we get inside the vault, and then he can have it. There\rquote s a fake in there, isn\rquote t there? We switch them, and give him the fake.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, he\rquote d know the difference better than we would!\rdblquote  said Her\-mione. \ldblquote He\rquote s the only one who realized there had been a swap!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but we could scarper before he realizes \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He quailed beneath the look Hermione was giving him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That,\rdblquote  she said quietly, \ldblquote is despicable. Ask for his help, then double-cross him? And you wonder why goblins don\rquote t like wizards, Ron?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s ears had turned red.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, all right! It was the only thing I could think of! What\rquote s your solution, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need to offer him something else, something just as valuable.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Brilliant. I\rquote ll go and get one of our other ancient goblin-made swords and you can gift wrap it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Silence fell between them again. Harry was sure that the goblin would accept nothing but the sword, even if they had something as valuable to offer him. Yet the sword was their one, indispensable weapon against the Horcruxes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He closed his eyes for a moment or two and listened to the rush of the sea. The idea that Gryffindor might have stolen the sword was unpleasant to him: He had always been proud to be a Gryffindor; Gryffindor had been the champion of Muggle-borns, the wizard who had clashed with the pureblood-loving Slytherin. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe he\rquote s lying,\rdblquote  Harry said, opening his eyes again. \ldblquote Griphook. Maybe Gryffindor didn\rquote t take the sword. How do we know the goblin version of history\rquote s right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does it make a difference?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Changes how I feel about it,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He took a deep breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll tell him he can have the sword after he\rquote s helped us get into that vault \emdash  but we\rquote ll be careful to avoid telling him exactly \i when\i0  he can have it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A grin spread slowly across Ron\rquote s face. Hermione, however, looked alarmed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, we can\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He can have it,\rdblquote  Harry went on, \ldblquote after we\rquote ve used it on all of the Horcruxes. I\rquote ll make sure he gets it then. I\rquote ll keep my word.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But that could be years!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know that, but \i he\i0  needn\rquote t. I won\rquote t be lying \'85 really.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry met her eyes with a mixture of defiance and shame. He remembered the words that had been engraved over the gateway to Nurmengard: FOR THE GREATER GOOD. He pushed the idea away. What choice did they have?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t like it,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nor do I, much,\rdblquote  Harry admitted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I think it\rquote s genius,\rdblquote  said Ron, standing up again. \ldblquote Let\rquote s go and tell him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Back in the smallest bedroom, Harry made the offer, careful to phrase it so as not to give any definite time for the handover of the sword. Hermione frowned at the floor while he was speaking; he felt irritated at her, afraid that she might give the game away. However, Griphook had eyes for nobody but Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have your word, Harry Potter, that you will give me the sword of Gryffindor if I help you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then shake,\rdblquote  said the goblin, holding out his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took it and shook. He wondered whether those black eyes saw any misgivings in his own. Then Griphook relinquished him, clapped his hands together, and said, \ldblquote So. We begin!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was like planning to break into the Ministry all over again. They settled to work in the smallest bedroom, which was kept, ac\-cording to Griphook\rquote s preference, in semidarkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have visited the Lestranges\rquote  vault only once,\rdblquote  Griphook told them, \ldblquote on the occasion I was told to place inside it the false sword. It is one of the most ancient chambers. The oldest Wizarding families store their treasures at the deepest level, where the vaults are largest and best protected. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They remained shut in the cupboardlike room for hours at a time. Slowly the days stretched into weeks. There was problem after prob\-lem to overcome, not least of which was that their store of Polyjuice Potion was greatly depleted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s really only enough left for one of us,\rdblquote  said Hermione, tilting the thick mudlike potion against the lamplight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote ll be enough,\rdblquote  said Harry, who was examining Griphook\rquote s hand-drawn map of the deepest passageways.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The other inhabitants of Shell Cottage could hardly fail to notice that something was going on now that Harry, Ron, and Hermione only emerged for mealtimes. Nobody asked questions, although Harry often felt Bill\rquote s eyes on the three of them at the table, thought\-ful, concerned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The longer they spent together, the more Harry realized that he did not much like the goblin. Griphook was unexpectedly blood\-thirsty, laughed at the idea of pain in lesser creatures, and seemed to relish the possibility that they might have to hurt other wizards\lang3081  \lang1033 to reach the Lestranges\rquote  vault. Harry could tell that his distaste was shared by the other two, but they did not discuss it: They needed Griphook.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblin ate only grudgingly with the rest of them. Even after his legs had mended, he continued to request trays of food in his room, like the still-frail Ollivander, until Bill (following an angry outburst from Fleur) went upstairs to tell him that the arrangement could not continue. Thereafter Griphook joined them at the over\-crowded table, although he refused to eat the same food, insisting, instead, on lumps of raw meat, roots, and various fungi.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt responsible: It was, after all, he who had insisted that the goblin remain at Shell Cottage so that he could question him; his fault that the whole Weasley family had been driven into hiding, that Bill, Fred, George, and Mr. Weasley could no longer work.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  he told Fleur, one blustery April evening as he helped her prepare dinner. \ldblquote I never meant you to have to deal with all of this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She had just set some knives to work, chopping up steaks for Griphook and Bill, who had preferred his meat bloody ever since he had been attacked by Greyback. While the knives sliced away behind her, her somewhat irritable expression softened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Arry, you saved my sister\rquote s life, I do not forget.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This was not, strictly speaking, true, but Harry decided against reminding her that Gabrielle had never been in real danger.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway,\rdblquote  Fleur went on, pointing her wand at a pot of sauce on the stove, which began to bubble at once, \ldblquote Mr. Ollivander leaves for Muriel\rquote s zis evening. Zat will make zings easier. Ze goblin,\rdblquote  she scowled a little at the mention of him, \ldblquote can move downstairs, and you, Ron, and Dean can take zat room.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We don\rquote t mind sleeping in the living room,\rdblquote  said Harry, who knew that Griphook would think poorly of having to sleep on the sofa; keeping Griphook happy was essential to their plans. \ldblquote Don\rquote t worry about us.\rdblquote  And when she tried to protest he went on, \ldblquote We\rquote ll be off your hands soon too, Ron, Hermione, and I. We won\rquote t need to be here much longer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what do you mean?\rdblquote  she said, frowning at him, her wand pointing at the casserole dish now suspended in midair. \ldblquote Of course you must not leave, you are safe \rquote ere!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked rather like Mrs. Weasley as she said it, and he was glad that the back door opened at that moment. Luna and Dean entered, their hair damp from the rain outside and their arms full of driftwood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and tiny little ears,\rdblquote  Luna was saying, \ldblquote a bit like a hippo\rquote s, Daddy says, only purple and hairy. And if you want to call them, you have to hum; they prefer a waltz, nothing too fast. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Looking uncomfortable, Dean shrugged at Harry as he passed, following Luna into the combined dining and sitting room where Ron and Hermione were laying the dinner table. Seizing the chance to escape Fleur\rquote s questions, Harry grabbed two jugs of pumpkin juice and followed them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and if you ever come to our house I\rquote ll be able to show you the horn, Daddy wrote to me about it but I haven\rquote t seen it yet, be\-cause the Death Eaters took me from the Hogwarts Express and I never got home for Christmas,\rdblquote  Luna was saying, as she and Dean relaid the fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Luna, we told you,\rdblquote  Hermione called over to her. \ldblquote That horn exploded. It came from an Erumpent, not a Crumple-Horned Snorkack \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, it was definitely a Snorkack horn,\rdblquote  said Luna serenely. \ldblquote Daddy told me. It will probably have re-formed by now, they mend themselves, you know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione shook her head and continued laying down forks as Bill appeared, leading Mr. Ollivander down the stairs. The wand\-maker still looked exceptionally frail, and he clung to Bill\rquote s arm as the latter supported him, carrying a large suitcase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to miss you, Mr. Ollivander,\rdblquote  said Luna, approaching the old man.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And I you, my dear,\rdblquote  said Ollivander, patting her on the shoulder. \ldblquote You were an inexpressible comfort to me in that terrible place.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, \i au revoir,\i0  Mr. Ollivander,\rdblquote  said Fleur, kissing him on both cheeks. \ldblquote And I wonder whezzer you could oblige me by delivering a package to Bill\rquote s Auntie Muriel? I never returned \rquote er tiara.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It will be an honor,\rdblquote  said Ollivander with a little bow, \ldblquote the very least I can do in return for your generous hospitality.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fleur drew out a worn velvet case, which she opened to show the wandmaker. The tiara sat glittering and twinkling in the light from the low-hanging lamp.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Moonstones and diamonds,\rdblquote  said Griphook, who had sidled into the room without Harry noticing. \ldblquote Made by goblins, I think?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And paid for by wizards,\rdblquote  said Bill quietly, and the goblin shot him a look that was both furtive and challenging.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A strong wind gusted against the cottage windows as Bill and Ollivander set off into the night. The rest of them squeezed in around the table; elbow to elbow and with barely enough room to move, they started to eat. The fire crackled and popped in the grate beside them. Fleur, Harry noticed, was merely playing with her food; she glanced at the window every few minutes; however, Bill\lang3081  \lang1033 returned before they had finished their first course, his long hair tangled by the wind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everything\rquote s fine,\rdblquote  he told Fleur. \ldblquote Ollivander settled in, Mum and Dad say hello. Ginny sends you all her love. Fred and George are driving Muriel up the wall, they\rquote re still operating an Owl-Order business out of her back room. It cheered her up to have her tiara back, though. She said she thought we\rquote d stolen it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, she eez \i charmante,\i0  your aunt,\rdblquote  said Fleur crossly, waving her wand and causing the dirty plates to rise and form a stack in midair. She caught them and marched out of the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Daddy\rquote s made a tiara,\rdblquote  piped up Luna. \ldblquote Well, more of a crown, really.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron caught Harry\rquote s eye and grinned; Harry knew that he was remembering the ludicrous headdress they had seen on their visit to Xenophilius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, he\rquote s trying to re-create the lost diadem of Ravenclaw. He thinks he\rquote s identified most of the main elements now. Adding the billywig wings really made a difference \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a bang on the front door. Everyone\rquote s head turned to\-ward it. Fleur came running out of the kitchen, looking frightened; Bill jumped to his feet, his wand pointing at the door; Harry, Ron, and Hermione did the same. Silently Griphook slipped beneath the table, out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who is it?\rdblquote  Bill called.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is I, Remus John Lupin!\rdblquote  called a voice over the howling wind. Harry experienced a thrill of fear; what had happened? \ldblquote I am a werewolf, married to Nymphadora Tonks, and you, the Secret-Keeper of Shell Cottage, told me the address and bade me come in an emergency!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lupin,\rdblquote  muttered Bill, and he ran to the door and wrenched it open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin fell over the threshold. He was white-faced, wrapped in a traveling cloak, his graying hair windswept. He straightened up, looked around the room, making sure of who was there, then cried aloud, \ldblquote It\rquote s a boy! We\rquote ve named him Ted, after Dora\rquote s father!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione shrieked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wha \emdash  ? Tonks \emdash  Tonks has had the baby?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, yes, she\rquote s had the baby!\rdblquote  shouted Lupin. All around the table came cries of delight, sighs of relief: Hermione and Fleur both squealed, \ldblquote Congratulations!\rdblquote  and Ron said, \ldblquote Blimey, a baby!\rdblquote  as if he had never heard of such a thing before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \emdash  yes \emdash  a boy,\rdblquote  said Lupin again, who seemed dazed by his own happiness. He strode around the table and hugged Harry; the scene in the basement of Grimmauld Place might never have happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll be godfather?\rdblquote  he said as he released Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote M-me?\rdblquote  stammered Harry\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You, yes, of course \emdash  Dora quite agrees, no one better \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  yeah \emdash  blimey \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt overwhelmed, astonished, delighted; now Bill was hur\-rying to fetch wine, and Fleur was persuading Lupin to join them for a drink.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t stay long, I must get back,\rdblquote  said Lupin, beaming around at them all: He looked years younger than Harry had ever seen him. \ldblquote Thank you, thank you, Bill.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bill had soon filled all of their goblets, they stood and raised them high in a toast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote To Teddy Remus Lupin,\rdblquote  said Lupin, \ldblquote a great wizard in the making!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Oo does \rquote e look like?\rdblquote  Fleur inquired.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think he looks like Dora, but she thinks he is like me. Not much hair. It looked black when he was born, but I swear it\rquote s turned ginger in the hour since. Probably be blond by the time I get back. Andromeda says Tonks\rquote s hair started changing color the day that she was born.\rdblquote  He drained his goblet. \ldblquote Oh, go on then, just one more,\rdblquote  he added, beaming, as Bill made to fill it again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wind buffeted the little cottage and the fire leapt and crackled, and Bill was soon opening another bottle of wine. Lupin\rquote s news seemed to have taken them out of themselves, removed them for a while from their state of siege: Tidings of new life were exhilarating. Only the goblin seemed untouched by the suddenly festive atmo\-sphere, and after a while he slunk back to the bedroom he now oc\-cupied alone. Harry thought he was the only one who had noticed this, until he saw Bill\rquote s eyes following the goblin up the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \'85 no \'85 I really must get back,\rdblquote  said Lupin at last, declin\-ing yet another goblet of wine. He got to his feet and pulled his traveling cloak back around himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good-bye, good-bye \emdash  I\rquote ll try and bring some pictures in a few days\rquote  time \emdash  they\rquote ll all be so glad to know that I\rquote ve seen you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He fastened his cloak and made his farewells, hugging the women and grasping hands with the men, then, still beaming, returned into the wild night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Godfather, Harry!\rdblquote  said Bill as they walked into the kitchen together, helping clear the table. \ldblquote A real honor! Congratulations!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry set down the empty goblets he was carrying, Bill pulled\lang3081  \lang1033 the door behind him closed, shutting out the still-voluble voices of the others, who were continuing to celebrate even in Lupin\rquote s absence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wanted a private word, actually, Harry. It hasn\rquote t been easy to get an opportunity with the cottage this full of people.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bill hesitated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you\rquote re planning something with Griphook.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a statement, not a question, and Harry did not bother to deny it. He merely looked at Bill, waiting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know goblins,\rdblquote  said Bill. \ldblquote I\rquote ve worked for Gringotts ever since I left Hogwarts. As far as there can be friendship between wizards and goblins, I have goblin friends \emdash  or, at least, goblins I know well, and like.\rdblquote  Again, Bill hesitated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, what do you want from Griphook, and what have you promised him in return?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t tell you that,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Sorry, Bill.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The kitchen door opened behind them; Fleur was trying to bring through more empty goblets.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait,\rdblquote  Bill told her. \ldblquote Just a moment.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She backed out and he closed the door again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then I have to say this,\rdblquote  Bill went on. \ldblquote If you have struck any kind of bargain with Griphook, and most particularly if that bar\-gain involves treasure, you must be exceptionally careful. Goblin notions of ownership, payment, and repayment are not the same as human ones.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a slight squirm of discomfort, as though a small snake had stirred inside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We are talking about a different breed of being,\rdblquote  said Bill.\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote Dealings between wizards and goblins have been fraught for cen\-turies \emdash  but you\rquote ll know all that from History of Magic. There has been fault on both sides, I would never claim that wizards have been innocent. However, there is a belief among some goblins, and those at Gringotts are perhaps most prone to it, that wizards cannot be trusted in matters of gold and treasure, that they have no respect for goblin ownership.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I respect \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began, but Bill shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t understand, Harry, nobody could understand unless they have lived with goblins. To a goblin, the rightful and true mas\-ter of any object is the maker, not the purchaser. All goblin-made objects are, in goblin eyes, rightfully theirs.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if it was bought \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  then they would consider it rented by the one who had paid the money. They have, however, great difficulty with the idea of goblin-made objects passing from wizard to wizard. You saw Griphook\rquote s face when the tiara passed under his eyes. He disap\-proves. I believe he thinks, as do the fiercest of his kind, that it ought to have been returned to the goblins once the original pur\-chaser died. They consider our habit of keeping goblin-made objects, passing them from wizard to wizard without further payment, little more than theft.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had an ominous feeling now; he wondered whether Bill guessed more than he was letting on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All I am saying,\rdblquote  said Bill, setting his hand on the door back into the sitting room, \ldblquote is to be very careful what you promise goblins, Harry. It would be less dangerous to break into Gringotts than to renege on a promise to a goblin.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry as Bill opened the door, \ldblquote yeah. Thanks. I\rquote ll bear that in mind.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As he followed Bill back to the others a wry thought came to him, born no doubt of the wine he had drunk. He seemed set on course to become just as reckless a godfather to Teddy Lupin as Sirius Black had been to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 26\par
\pard\qc Gringotts\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Their plans were made, their preparations complete; in the smallest bedroom a single long, coarse black hair (plucked from the sweater Hermione had been wearing at Malfoy Manor) lay curled in a small glass phial on the mantelpiece.\par
\ldblquote And you\rquote ll be using her actual wand,\rdblquote  said Harry, nodding to\-ward the walnut wand, \ldblquote so I reckon you\rquote ll be pretty convincing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked frightened that the wand might sting or bite her as she picked it up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hate this thing,\rdblquote  she said in a low voice. \ldblquote I really hate it. It feels all wrong, it doesn\rquote t work properly for me. \'85 It\rquote s like a bit of \i her.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could not help but remember how Hermione had dis\-missed his loathing of the blackthorn wand, insisting that he was imagining things when it did not work as well as his own, telling him to simply practice. He chose not to repeat her own advice back to her, however; the eve of their attempted assault on Gringotts felt like the wrong moment to antagonize her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote ll probably help you get in character, though,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Think what that wand\rquote s done!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But that\rquote s my point!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote This is the wand that tortured Neville\rquote s mum and dad, and who knows how many other people? This is the wand that killed Sirius!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had not thought of that: He looked down at the wand and was visited by a brutal urge to snap it, to slice it in half with Gryf\-findor\rquote s sword, which was propped against the wall beside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I miss \i my\i0  wand,\rdblquote  Hermione said miserably. \ldblquote I wish Mr. Olli\-vander could have made me another one too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Ollivander had sent Luna a new wand that morning. She was out on the back lawn at that moment, testing its capabilities in the late afternoon sun. Dean, who had lost his wand to the Snatchers, was watching rather gloomily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down at the hawthorn wand that had once be\-longed to Draco Malfoy. He had been surprised, but pleased, to discover that it worked for him at least as well as Hermione\rquote s had done. Remembering what Ollivander had told them of the secret workings of wands, Harry thought he knew what Hermione\rquote s prob\-lem was: She had not won the walnut wand\rquote s allegiance by taking it personally from Bellatrix.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door of the bedroom opened and Griphook entered. Harry reached instinctively for the hilt of the sword and drew it close to him, but regretted his action at once: He could tell that the gob\-lin had noticed. Seeking to gloss over the sticky moment, he said, \ldblquote We\rquote ve just been checking the last-minute stuff, Griphook. We\rquote ve told Bill and Fleur we\rquote re leaving tomorrow, and we\rquote ve told them not to get up to see us off.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had been firm on this point, because Hermione would need\lang3081  \lang1033 to transform into Bellatrix before they left, and the less that Bill and Fleur knew or suspected about what they were about to do, the better. They had also explained that they would not be returning. As they had lost Perkins\rquote s old tent on the night that the Snatchers caught them, Bill had lent them another one. It was now packed inside the beaded bag, which, Harry was impressed to learn, Her\-mione had protected from the Snatchers by the simple expedient of stuffing it down her sock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Though he would miss Bill, Fleur, Luna, and Dean, not to men\-tion the home comforts they had enjoyed over the last few weeks, Harry was looking forward to escaping the confinement of Shell Cottage. He was tired of trying to make sure that they were not overheard, tired of being shut in the tiny, dark bedroom. Most of all, he longed to be rid of Griphook. However, precisely how and when they were to part from the goblin without handing over Gryffindor\rquote s sword remained a question to which Harry had no answer. It had been impossible to decide how they were going to do it, because the goblin rarely left Harry, Ron, and Hermione alone together for more than five minutes at a time: \ldblquote He could give my mother lessons,\rdblquote  growled Ron, as the goblin\rquote s long fingers kept appearing around the edges of doors. With Bill\rquote s warning in mind, Harry could not help suspecting that Griphook was on the watch for possible skulduggery. Hermione disapproved so heartily of the planned double-cross that Harry had given up attempting to pick her brains on how best to do it; Ron, on the rare occasions that they had been able to snatch a few Griphook-free moments, had come up with nothing better than \ldblquote We\rquote ll just have to wing it, mate.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry slept badly that night. Lying awake in the early hours, he thought back to the way he had felt the night before they had\lang3081  \lang1033 infiltrated the Ministry of Magic and remembered a determination, almost an excitement. Now he was experiencing jolts of anxiety, nagging doubts: He could not shake off the fear that it was all going to go wrong. He kept telling himself that their plan was good, that Griphook knew what they were facing, that they were well-prepared for all the difficulties they were likely to encounter, yet still he felt uneasy. Once or twice he heard Ron stir and was sure that he too was awake, but they were sharing the sitting room with Dean, so Harry did not speak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a relief when six o\rquote clock arrived and they could slip out of their sleeping bags, dress in the semidarkness, then creep out into the garden, where they were to meet Hermione and Griphook. The dawn was chilly, but there was little wind now that it was May. Harry looked up at the stars still glimmering palely in the dark sky and listened to the sea washing backward and forward against the cliff: He was going to miss the sound.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Small green shoots were forcing their way up through the red earth of Dobby\rquote s grave now; in a year\rquote s time the mound would be covered in flowers. The white stone that bore the elf\rquote s name had al\-ready acquired a weathered look. He realized now that they could hardly have laid Dobby to rest in a more beautiful place, but Harry ached with sadness to think of leaving him behind. Looking down on the grave, he wondered yet again how the elf had known where to come to rescue them. His fingers moved absentmindedly to the little pouch still strung around his neck, through which he could feel the jagged mirror fragment in which he had been sure he had seen Dumbledore\rquote s eye. Then the sound of a door opening made him look around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix Lestrange was striding across the lawn toward them,\lang3081  \lang1033 accompanied by Griphook. As she walked, she was tucking the small, beaded bag into the inside pocket of another set of the old robes they had taken from Grimmauld Place. Though Harry knew perfectly well that it was really Hermione, he could not suppress a shiver of loathing. She was taller than he was, her long black hair rippling down her back, her heavily lidded eyes disdainful as they rested upon him; but then she spoke, and he heard Hermione through Bellatrix\rquote s low voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She tasted \i disgusting,\i0  worse than Gurdyroots! Okay, Ron, come here so I can do you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right, but remember, I don\rquote t like the beard too long \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, for heaven\rquote s sake, this isn\rquote t about looking handsome \emdash\rdblquote  \ldblquote It\rquote s not that, it gets in the way! But I liked my nose a bit shorter, try and do it the way you did last time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione sighed and set to work, muttering under her breath as she transformed various aspects of Ron\rquote s appearance. He was to be given a completely fake identity, and they were trusting to the malevolent aura cast by Bellatrix to protect him. Meanwhile Harry and Griphook were to be concealed under the Invisibility Cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote how does he look, Harry?\rdblquote\par
It was just possible to discern Ron under his disguise, but only, Harry thought, because he knew him so well. Ron\rquote s hair was now long and wavy; he had a thick brown beard and mustache, no freck\-les, a short, broad nose, and heavy eyebrows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, he\rquote s not my type, but he\rquote ll do,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Shall we go, then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All three of them glanced back at Shell Cottage, lying dark and silent under the fading stars, then turned and began to walk toward\lang3081  \lang1033 the point, just beyond the boundary wall, where the Fidelius Charm stopped working and they would be able to Disapparate. Once past the gate, Griphook spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I should climb up now, Harry Potter, I think?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry bent down and the goblin clambered onto his back, his hands linked in front of Harry\rquote s throat. He was not heavy, but Harry disliked the feeling of the goblin and the surprising strength with which he clung on. Hermione pulled the Invisibility Cloak out of the beaded bag and threw it over them both.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perfect,\rdblquote  she said, bending down to check Harry\rquote s feet. \ldblquote I can\rquote t see a thing. Let\rquote s go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned on the spot, with Griphook on his shoulders, con\-centrating with all his might on the Leaky Cauldron, the inn that was the entrance to Diagon Alley. The goblin clung even tighter as they moved into the compressing darkness, and seconds later Harry\rquote s feet found pavement and he opened his eyes on Charing Cross Road. Muggles bustled past wearing the hangdog expressions of early morning, quite unconscious of the little inn\rquote s existence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The bar of the Leaky Cauldron was nearly deserted. Tom, the stooped and toothless landlord, was polishing glasses behind the bar counter; a couple of warlocks having a muttered conversation in the far corner glanced at Hermione and drew back into the shadows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Madam Lestrange,\rdblquote  murmured Tom, and as Hermione passed he inclined his head subserviently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good morning,\rdblquote  said Hermione, and as Harry crept past, still carrying Griphook piggyback under the Cloak, he saw Tom look surprised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Too polite,\rdblquote  Harry whispered in Hermione\rquote s ear as they passed\lang3081  \lang1033 out of the inn into the tiny backyard. \ldblquote You need to treat people like they\rquote re scum!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, okay!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione drew out Bellatrix\rquote s wand and tapped a brick in the nondescript wall in front of them. At once the bricks began to whirl and spin: A hole appeared in the middle of them, which grew wider and wider, finally forming an archway onto the narrow cobbled street that was Diagon Alley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was quiet, barely time for the shops to open, and there were hardly any shoppers abroad. The crooked, cobbled street was much altered now from the bustling place Harry had visited before his first term at Hogwarts so many years before. More shops than ever were boarded up, though several new establishments dedicated to the Dark Arts had been created since his last visit. Harry\rquote s own face glared down at him from posters plastered over many windows, al\-ways captioned with the words UNDESIRABLE NUMBER ONE.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A number of ragged people sat huddled in doorways. He heard them moaning to the few passersby, pleading for gold, insisting that they were really wizards. One man had a bloody bandage over his eye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As they set off along the street, the beggars glimpsed Hermione. They seemed to melt away before her, drawing hoods over their faces and fleeing as fast as they could. Hermione looked after them curiously, until the man with the bloodied bandage came stagger\-ing right across her path.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My children!\rdblquote  he bellowed, pointing at her. His voice was cracked, high-pitched; he sounded distraught. \ldblquote Where are my chil\-dren? What has he done with them? You know, \i you know\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I really \emdash\rdblquote  stammered Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The man lunged at her, reaching for her throat: Then, with a bang and a burst of red light he was thrown backward onto the ground, unconscious. Ron stood there, his wand still outstretched and a look of shock visible behind his beard. Faces appeared at the windows on either side of the street, while a little knot of prosperous-looking passersby gathered their robes about them and broke into gentle trots, keen to vacate the scene.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Their entrance into Diagon Alley could hardly have been more conspicuous; for a moment Harry wondered whether it might not be better to leave now and try to think of a different plan. Before they could move or consult one another, however, they heard a cry from behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why, Madam Lestrange!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry whirled around and Griphook tightened his hold around Harry\rquote s neck: A tall, thin wizard with a crown of bushy gray hair and a long, sharp nose was striding toward them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Travers,\rdblquote  hissed the goblin into Harry\rquote s ear, but at that mo\-ment Harry could not think who Travers was. Hermione had drawn herself up to her fullest height and said with as much contempt as she could muster:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what do you want?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Travers stopped in his tracks, clearly affronted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i He\rquote s another Death Eater\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 breathed Griphook, and Harry sidled sideways to repeat the information into Hermione\rquote s ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I merely sought to greet you,\rdblquote  said Travers coolly, \ldblquote but if my presence is not welcome \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry recognized his voice now; Travers was one of the Death Eaters who had been summoned to Xenophilius\rquote s house.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, not at all, Travers,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly, trying to cover up her mistake. \ldblquote How are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I confess I am surprised to see you out and about, Bellatrix.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really? Why?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  Travers coughed, \ldblquote I \i heard\i0  that the inhabitants of Malfoy Manor were confined to the house, after the \'85 ah \'85 \i escape.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry willed Hermione to keep her head. If this was true, and Bellatrix was not supposed to be out in public \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord forgives those who have served him most faith\-fully in the past,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a magnificent imitation of Bel\-latrix\rquote s most contemptuous manner. \ldblquote Perhaps your credit is not as good with him as mine is, Travers.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Though the Death Eater looked offended, he also seemed less suspicious. He glanced down at the man Ron had just Stunned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did it offend you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It does not matter, it will not do so again,\rdblquote  said Hermione coolly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Some of these wandless can be troublesome,\rdblquote  said Travers. \ldblquote While they do nothing but beg I have no objection, but one of them actually asked me to plead her case at the Ministry last week. \lquote\i I\rquote m a witch, sir, I\rquote m a witch, let me prove it to you\i0 !\rquote  \rdblquote\i  \i0 he said in a squeaky impersonation. \ldblquote As if I was going to give her my wand \emdash  but whose wand,\rdblquote  said Travers curiously, \ldblquote are you using at the moment, Bel\-latrix? I heard that your own was \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have my wand here,\rdblquote  said Hermione coldly, holding up Bella\-trix\rquote s wand. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know what rumors you have been listening to, Travers, but you seem sadly misinformed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Travers seemed a little taken aback at that, and he turned instead to Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who is your friend? I do not recognize him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is Dragomir Despard,\rdblquote  said Hermione; they had decided that a fictional foreigner was the safest cover for Ron to assume. \ldblquote He speaks very little English, but he is in sympathy with the Dark Lord\rquote s aims. He has traveled here from Transylvania to see our new regime.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Indeed? How do you do, Dragomir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Ow you?\rdblquote  said Ron, holding out his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Travers extended two fingers and shook Ron\rquote s hand as though frightened of dirtying himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what brings you and your \emdash  ah \emdash  sympathetic friend to Diagon Alley this early?\rdblquote  asked Travers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I need to visit Gringotts,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Alas, I also,\rdblquote  said Travers. \ldblquote Gold, filthy gold! We cannot live without it, yet I confess I deplore the necessity of consorting with our long-fingered friends.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt Griphook\rquote s clasped hands tighten momentarily around his neck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shall we?\rdblquote  said Travers, gesturing Hermione forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione had no choice but to fall into step beside him and head along the crooked, cobbled street toward the place where the snowy-white Gringotts stood towering over the other little shops. Ron sloped along beside them, and Harry and Griphook followed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A watchful Death Eater was the very last thing they needed, and the worst of it was, with Travers marching at what he believed to be Bellatrix\rquote s side, there was no means for Harry to communicate with Hermione or Ron. All too soon they arrived at the foot of the\lang3081  \lang1033 marble steps leading up to the great bronze doors. As Griphook had already warned them, the liveried goblins who usually flanked the entrance had been replaced by two wizards, both of whom were clutching long thin golden rods.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, Probity Probes,\rdblquote  sighed Travers theatrically, \ldblquote so crude \emdash  but effective!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he set off up the steps, nodding left and right to the wiz\-ards, who raised the golden rods and passed them up and down his body. The Probes, Harry knew, detected spells of concealment and hidden magical objects. Knowing that he had only seconds; Harry pointed Draco\rquote s wand at each of the guards in turn and murmured, \ldblquote\i Confundo\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 twice. Unnoticed by Travers, who was looking through the bronze doors at the inner hall, each of the guards gave a little start as the spells hit them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s long black hair rippled behind her as she climbed the steps.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One moment, madam,\rdblquote  said the guard, raising his Probe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you\rquote ve just done that!\rdblquote  said Hermione in Bellatrix\rquote s com\-manding, arrogant voice. Travers looked around, eyebrows raised. The guard was confused. He stared down at the thin golden Probe and then at his companion, who said in a slightly dazed voice,\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, you\rquote ve just checked them, Marius.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione swept forward, Ron by her side, Harry and Griphook trotting invisibly behind them. Harry glanced back as they crossed the threshold: The wizards were both scratching their heads.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Two goblins stood before the inner doors, which were made of silver and which carried the poem warning of dire retribution to potential thieves. Harry looked up at it, and all of a sudden a knife-sharp memory came to him: standing on this very spot on the day\lang3081  \lang1033 that he had turned eleven, the most wonderful birthday of his life, and Hagrid standing beside him saying, \ldblquote\i Like I said, yeh\rquote d be mad ter try an\rquote  rob it.\i0\rdblquote  Gringotts had seemed a place of wonder that day, the enchanted repository of a trove of gold he had never known he possessed, and never for an instant could he have dreamed that he would return to steal. \'85 But within seconds they were standing in the vast marble hall of the bank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The long counter was manned by goblins sitting on high stools, serving the first customers of the day. Hermione, Ron, and Travers headed toward an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass. Hermione allowed Travers to step ahead of her on the pretext of explaining features of the hall to Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblin tossed the coin he was holding aside, said to nobody in particular, \ldblquote Leprechaun,\rdblquote  and then greeted Travers, who passed over a tiny golden key, which was examined and given back to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione stepped forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Madam Lestrange!\rdblquote  said the goblin, evidently startled. \ldblquote Dear me! How \emdash  how may I help you today?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\ldblquote I \lang1033 wish to enter my vault,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The old goblin seemed to recoil a little. Harry glanced around. Not only was Travers hanging back, watching, but several other goblins had looked up from their work to stare at Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have \'85 identification?\rdblquote  asked the goblin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Identification? I \emdash  I have never been asked for identification before!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i They know\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 whispered Griphook in Harry\rquote s ear. \ldblquote\i They must have been warned there might be an impostor\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your wand will do, madam,\rdblquote  said the goblin. He held out a slightly trembling hand, and in a dreadful blast of realization Harry\lang3081  \lang1033 knew that the goblins of Gringotts were aware that Bellatrix\rquote s wand had been stolen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Act now, act now,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 whispered Griphook in Harry\rquote s ear, \ldblquote\i the Im\-perius Curse\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry raised the hawthorn wand beneath the cloak, pointed it at the old goblin, and whispered, for the first time in his life, \ldblquote\i Imperio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A curious sensation shot down Harry\rquote s arm, a feeling of tingling warmth that seemed to flow from his mind, down the sinews and veins connecting him to the wand and the curse it had just cast. The goblin took Bellatrix\rquote s wand, examined it closely, and then said, \ldblquote Ah, you have had a new wand made, Madam Lestrange!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote No, no, that\rquote s mine \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A new wand?\rdblquote  said Travers, approaching the counter again; still the goblins all around were watching. \ldblquote But how could you have done, which wandmaker did you use?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry acted without thinking: Pointing his wand at Travers, he muttered, \ldblquote\i Imperio\i0 !\rdblquote  once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, I see,\rdblquote  said Travers, looking down at Bellatrix\rquote s wand, \ldblquote yes, very handsome. And is it working well? I always think wands require a little breaking in, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked utterly bewildered, but to Harry\rquote s enormous relief she accepted the bizarre turn of events without comment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The old goblin behind the counter clapped his hands and a younger goblin approached.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I shall need the Clankers,\rdblquote  he told the goblin, who dashed away and returned a moment later with a leather bag that seemed to be full of jangling metal, which he handed to his senior. \ldblquote Good, good! So, if you will follow me, Madam Lestrange,\rdblquote  said the old goblin,\lang3081  \lang1033 hopping down off his stool and vanishing from sight, \ldblquote I shall take you to your vault.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He appeared around the end of the counter, jogging happily to\-ward them, the contents of the leather bag still jingling. Travers was now standing quite still with his mouth hanging wide open. Ron was drawing attention to this odd phenomenon by regarding Travers with confusion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 Bogrod!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Another goblin came scurrying around the counter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We have instructions,\rdblquote  he said with a bow to Hermione. \ldblquote For\-give me, Madam, but there have been special orders regarding the vault of Lestrange.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He whispered urgently in Bogrod\rquote s ear, but the Imperiused goblin shook him off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am aware of the instructions. Madam Lestrange wishes to visit her vault. \'85 Very old family\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 old clients \'85 This way, please \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And, still clanking, he hurried toward one of the many doors leading off the hall. Harry looked back at Travers, who was still rooted to the spot looking abnormally vacant, and made his deci\-sion: With a flick of his wand he made Travers come with them, walking meekly in their wake as they reached the door and passed into the rough stone passageway beyond, which was lit with flam\-ing torches.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re in trouble; they suspect,\rdblquote  said Harry as the door slammed behind them and he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak. Griphook jumped down from his shoulders; neither Travers nor Bogrod showed the slightest surprise at the sudden appearance of Harry Potter in their midst. \ldblquote They\rquote re Imperiused,\rdblquote  he added, in response\lang3081  \lang1033 to Hermione and Ron\rquote s confused queries about Travers and Bogrod, who were both now standing there looking blank. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think I did it strongly enough, I don\rquote t know. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And another memory darted through his mind, of the real Bel\-latrix Lestrange shrieking at him when he had first tried to use an Unforgivable Curse: \ldblquote You need to \i mean\i0  them, Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do we do?\rdblquote  asked Ron. \ldblquote Shall we get out now, while we can?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If we can,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking back toward the door into the main hall, beyond which who knew what was happening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve got this far, I say we go on,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good!\rdblquote  said Griphook. \ldblquote So, we need Bogrod to control the cart; I no longer have the authority. But there will not be room for the wizard.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pointed his wand at Travers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Imperio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wizard turned and set off along the dark track at a smart pace.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you making him do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hide,\rdblquote  said Harry as he pointed his wand at Bogrod, who whistled to summon a little cart that came trundling along the tracks toward them out of the darkness. Harry was sure he could hear shouting behind them in the main hall as they all clambered into it, Bogrod in front with Griphook, Harry, Ron, and Hermione crammed together in the back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a jerk the cart moved off, gathering speed: They hurtled past Travers, who was wriggling into a crack in the wall, then the cart began twisting and turning through the labyrinthine passages, sloping downward all the time. Harry could not hear anything over\lang3081  \lang1033 the rattling of the cart on the tracks: His hair flew behind him as they swerved between stalactites, flying ever deeper into the earth, but he kept glancing back. They might as well have left enormous footprints behind them; the more he thought about it, the more foolish it seemed to have disguised Hermione as Bellatrix, to have brought along Bellatrix\rquote s wand, when the Death Eaters knew who had stolen it \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were deeper than Harry had ever penetrated within Grin\-gotts; they took a hairpin bend at speed and saw ahead of them, with seconds to spare, a waterfall pounding over the track. Harry heard Griphook shout, \ldblquote No!\rdblquote  but there was no braking: They zoomed through it. Water filled Harry\rquote s eyes and mouth: He could not see or breathe: Then, with an awful lurch, the cart flipped over and they were all thrown out of it. Harry heard the cart smash into pieces against the passage wall, heard Hermione shriek something, and felt himself glide back toward the ground as though weightless, landing painlessly on the rocky passage floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C-Cushioning Charm,\rdblquote  Hermione spluttered, as Ron pulled her to her feet, but to Harry\rquote s horror he saw that she was no longer Bella\-trix; instead she stood there in overlarge robes, sopping wet and com\-pletely herself; Ron was red-haired and beardless again. They were realizing it as they looked at each other, feeling their own faces.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Thief\rquote s Downfall!\rdblquote  said Griphook, clambering to his feet and looking back at the deluge onto the tracks, which, Harry knew now, had been more than water. \ldblquote It washes away all enchantment, all magical concealment! They know there are impostors in Grin\-gotts, they have set off defenses against us!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw Hermione checking that she still had the beaded bag, and hurriedly thrust his own hand under his jacket to make sure he\lang3081  \lang1033 had not lost the Invisibility Cloak. Then he turned to see Bogrod shaking his head in bewilderment: The Thief\rquote s Downfall seemed to have lifted the Imperius Curse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need him,\rdblquote  said Griphook, \ldblquote we cannot enter the vault with\-out a Gringotts goblin. And we need the Clankers!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Imperio\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry said again; his voice echoed through the stone passage as he felt again the sense of heady control that flowed from brain to wand. Bogrod submitted once more to his will, his be\-fuddled expression changing to one of polite indifference, as Ron hurried to pick up the leather bag of metal tools.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I think I can hear people coming!\rdblquote  said Hermione, and she pointed Bellatrix\rquote s wand at the waterfall and cried, \ldblquote\i Protego\i0 !\rdblquote  They saw the Shield Charm break the flow of enchanted water as it flew up the passageway.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good thinking,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Lead the way, Griphook!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are we going to get out again?\rdblquote  Ron asked as they hurried on foot into the darkness after the goblin, Bogrod panting in their wake like an old dog.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s worry about that when we have to,\rdblquote  said Harry. He was trying to listen: He thought he could hear something clanking and moving around nearby. \ldblquote Griphook, how much farther?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not far, Harry Potter, not far \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And they turned a corner and saw the thing for which Harry had been prepared, but which still brought all of them to a halt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A gigantic dragon was tethered to the ground in front of them, barring access to four or five of the deepest vaults in the place. The beast\rquote s scales had turned pale and flaky during its long incarcera\-tion under the ground; its eyes were milkily pink; both rear legs bore heavy cuffs from which chains led to enormous pegs driven\lang3081  \lang1033 deep into the rocky floor. Its great spiked wings, folded close to its body, would have filled the chamber if it spread them, and when it turned its ugly head toward them, it roared with a noise that made the rock tremble, opened its mouth, and spat a jet of fire that sent them running back up the passageway.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is partially blind,\rdblquote  panted Griphook, \ldblquote but even more savage for that. However, we have the means to control it. It has learned what to expect when the Clankers come. Give them to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron passed the bag to Griphook, and the goblin pulled out a number of small metal instruments that when shaken made a loud, ringing noise like miniature hammers on anvils. Griphook handed them out: Bogrod accepted his meekly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what to do,\rdblquote  Griphook told Harry, Ron, and Hermi\-one. \ldblquote It will expect pain when it hears the noise: It will retreat, and Bogrod must place his palm upon the door of the vault.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They advanced around the corner again, shaking the Clankers, and the noise echoed off the rocky walls, grossly magnified, so that the inside of Harry\rquote s skull seemed to vibrate with the din. The dragon let out another hoarse roar, then retreated. Harry could see it trembling, and as they drew nearer he saw the scars made by vi\-cious slashes across its face, and guessed that it had been taught to fear hot swords when it heard the sound of the Clankers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Make him press his hand to the door!\rdblquote  Griphook urged Harry, who turned his wand again upon Bogrod. The old goblin obeyed, pressing his palm to the wood, and the door of the vault melted away to reveal a cavelike opening crammed from floor to ceiling with golden coins and goblets, silver armor, the skins of strange creatures \emdash  some with long spines, others with drooping wings \emdash  potions in jeweled flasks, and a skull still wearing a crown.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Search, fast!\rdblquote  said Harry as they all hurried inside the vault.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had described Hufflepuff\rquote s cup to Ron and Hermione, but if it was the other, unknown Horcrux that resided in this vault, he did not know what it looked like. He barely had time to glance around, however, before there was a muffled clunk from behind them: The door had reappeared, sealing them inside the vault, and they were plunged into total darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No matter, Bogrod will be able to release us!\rdblquote  said Griphook as Ron gave a shout of surprise. \ldblquote Light your wands, can\rquote t you? And hurry, we have very little time!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Lumos\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shone his lit wand around the vault: Its beam fell upon glittering jewels; he saw the fake sword of Gryffindor lying on a high shelf amongst a jumble of chains. Ron and Hermione had lit their wands too, and were now examining the piles of objects sur\-rounding them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, could this be \emdash  ? Aargh!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione screamed in pain, and Harry turned his wand on her in time to see a jeweled goblet tumbling from her grip. But as it fell, it split, became a shower of goblets, so that a second later, with a great clatter, the floor was covered in identical cups rolling in every direction, the original impossible to discern amongst them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It burned me!\rdblquote  moaned Hermione, sucking her blistered fingers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They have added Gemino and Flagrante Curses!\rdblquote  said Griphook. \ldblquote Everything you touch will burn and multiply, but the copies are worthless \emdash  and if you continue to handle the treasure, you will eventually be crushed to death by the weight of expanding gold!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, don\rquote t touch anything!\rdblquote  said Harry desperately, but even as he said it, Ron accidentally nudged one of the fallen goblets with his\lang3081  \lang1033 foot, and twenty more exploded into being while Ron hopped on the spot, part of his shoe burned away by contact with the hot metal.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stand still, don\rquote t move!\rdblquote  said Hermione, clutching at Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just look around!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Remember, the cup\rquote s small and gold, it\rquote s got a badger engraved on it, two handles \emdash  otherwise see if you can spot Ravenclaw\rquote s symbol anywhere, the eagle \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They directed their wands into every nook and crevice, turning cautiously on the spot. It was impossible not to brush up against anything; Harry sent a great cascade of fake Galleons onto the ground where they joined the goblets, and now there was scarcely room to place their feet, and the glowing gold blazed with heat, so that the vault felt like a furnace. Harry\rquote s wandlight passed over shields and goblin-made helmets set on shelves rising to the ceiling; higher and higher he raised the beam, until suddenly it found an object that made his heart skip and his hand tremble.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i It\rquote s there, it\rquote s up there\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione pointed their wands at it too, so that the little golden cup sparkled in a three-way spotlight: the cup that had be\-longed to Helga Hufflepuff, which had passed into the possession of Hepzibah Smith, from whom it had been stolen by Tom Riddle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And how the hell are we going to get up there without touching anything?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Accio Cup\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 cried Hermione, who had evidently forgotten in her desperation what Griphook had told them during their planning sessions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No use, no use!\rdblquote  snarled the goblin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then what do we do?\rdblquote  said Harry, glaring at the goblin. \ldblquote If you want the sword, Griphook, then you\rquote ll have to help us more than \emdash  wait! Can I touch stuff with the sword? Hermione, give it here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione fumbled inside her robes, drew out the beaded bag, rummaged for a few seconds, then removed the shining sword. Harry seized it by its rubied hilt and touched the tip of the blade to a silver flagon nearby, which did not multiply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I can just poke the sword through a handle \emdash  but how am I going to get up there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The shelf on which the cup reposed was out of reach for any of them, even Ron, who was tallest. The heat from the enchanted treasure rose in waves, and sweat ran down Harry\rquote s face and back as he struggled to think of a way up to the cup; and then he heard the dragon roar on the other side of the vault door, and the sound of clanking growing louder and louder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were truly trapped now: There was no way out except through the door, and a horde of goblins seemed to be approach\-ing on the other side. Harry looked at Ron and Hermione and saw terror in their faces.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry as the clanking grew louder, \ldblquote I\rquote ve got to get up there, we\rquote ve got to get rid of it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She raised her wand, pointed it at Harry, and whispered, \ldblquote\i Levi\-corpus.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hoisted into the air by his ankle, Harry hit a suit of armor and replicas burst out of it like white-hot bodies, filling the cramped space. With screams of pain Ron, Hermione, and the two goblins were knocked aside into other objects, which also began to replicate. Half buried in a rising tide of red-hot treasure, they struggled and yelled as Harry thrust the sword through the handle of Hufflepuff\rquote s cup, hooking it onto the blade.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Impervius\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 screeched Hermione in an attempt to protect herself, Ron, and the goblins from the burning metal.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then the worst scream yet made Harry look down: Ron and Her\-mione were waist-deep in treasure, struggling to keep Bogrod from slipping beneath the rising tide, but Griphook had sunk out of sight and nothing but the tips of a few long fingers were left in view.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry seized Griphook\rquote s fingers and pulled. The blistered goblin emerged by degrees, howling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Liberacorpus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 yelled Harry, and with a crash he and Griphook landed on the surface of the swelling treasure, and the sword flew out of Harry\rquote s hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get it!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, fighting the pain of the hot metal on his skin, as Griphook clambered onto his shoulders again, determined to avoid the swelling mass of red-hot objects. \ldblquote Where\rquote s the sword? It had the cup on it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The clanking on the other side of the door was growing deafen\-ing \emdash  it was too late \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Griphook who had seen it and Griphook who lunged, and in that instant Harry knew that the goblin had never expected them to keep their word. One hand holding tightly to a fistful of Harry\rquote s hair, to make sure he did not fall into the heaving sea of burning gold, Griphook seized the hilt of the sword and swung it high out of Harry\rquote s reach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The tiny golden cup, skewered by the handle on the sword\rquote s blade, was flung into the air. The goblin still astride him, Harry dived and caught it, and although he could feel it scalding his flesh he did not relinquish it, even while countless Hufflepuff cups burst from his fist, raining down upon him as the entrance of the vault opened up again and he found himself sliding uncontrollably on an expanding\lang3081  \lang1033 avalanche of fiery gold and silver that bore him, Ron, and Hermione into the outer chamber.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hardly aware of the pain from the burns covering his body, and still borne along on the swell of replicating treasure, Harry shoved the cup into his pocket and reached up to retrieve the sword, but Griphook was gone. Sliding from Harry\rquote s shoulders the moment he could, he had sprinted for cover amongst the surrounding goblins, brandishing the sword and crying, \ldblquote Thieves! Thieves! Help! Thieves!\rdblquote  He vanished into the midst of the advancing crowd, all of whom were holding daggers and who accepted him without question.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slipping on the hot metal, Harry struggled to his feet and knew that the only way out was through.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Stupefy\i0 !\rdblquote  he bellowed, and Ron and Hermione joined in: Jets of red light flew into the crowd of goblins, and some toppled over, but others advanced, and Harry saw several wizard guards running around the corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The tethered dragon let out a roar, and a gush of flame flew over the goblins: The wizards fled, doubled-up, back the way they had come, and inspiration, or madness, came to Harry. Pointing his wand at the thick cuffs chaining the beast to the floor, he yelled, \ldblquote\i Relashio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The cuffs broke open with loud bangs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This way!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, and still shooting Stunning Spells at the advancing goblins, he sprinted toward the blind dragon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash  Harry \emdash  what are you doing?\rdblquote  cried Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get up, climb up, come on \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dragon had not realized that it was free: Harry\rquote s foot found the crook of its hind leg and he pulled himself up onto its back.\lang3081  \lang1033 The scales were hard as steel; it did not even seem to feel him. He stretched out an arm; Hermione hoisted herself up; Ron climbed on behind them, and a second later the dragon became aware that it was untethered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a roar it reared: Harry dug in his knees, clutching as tightly as he could to the jagged scales as the wings opened, knocking the shrieking goblins aside like skittles, and it soared into the air. Harry, Ron, and Hermione, flat on its back, scraped against the ceiling as it dived toward the passage opening, while the pursuing goblins hurled daggers that glanced off its flanks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll never get out, it\rquote s too big!\rdblquote  Hermione screamed, but the dragon opened its mouth and belched flame again, blasting the tunnel, whose floors and ceiling cracked and crumbled. By sheer force the dragon clawed and fought its way through. Harry\rquote s eyes were shut tight against the heat and dust: Deafened by the crash\-ing of rock and the dragon\rquote s roars, he could only cling to its back, expecting to be shaken off at any moment; then he heard Hermione yelling, \ldblquote\i Defodio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was helping the dragon enlarge the passageway, carving out the ceiling as it struggled upward toward the fresher air, away from the shrieking and clanking goblins: Harry and Ron copied her, blasting the ceiling apart with more gouging spells. They passed the underground lake, and the great crawling, snarling beast seemed to sense freedom and space ahead of it, and behind them the passage was full of the dragon\rquote s thrashing, spiked tail, of great lumps of rock, gigantic fractured stalactites, and the clanking of the goblins seemed to be growing more muffled, while ahead, the dragon\rquote s fire kept their progress clear \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then at last, by the combined force of their spells and the dragon\rquote s brute strength, they had blasted their way out of the passage into the marble hallway. Goblins and wizards shrieked and ran for cover, and finally the dragon had room to stretch its wings: Turning its horned head toward the cool outside air it could smell beyond the entrance, it took off, and with Harry, Ron, and Hermione still clinging to its back, it forced its way through the metal doors, leav\-ing them buckled and hanging from their hinges, as it staggered into Diagon Alley and launched itself into the sky.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 27\par
\pard\qc The Final Hiding Place\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
There was no means of steering; the dragon could not see where it was going, and Harry knew that if it turned sharply or rolled in midair they would find it impossible to cling onto its broad back. Nevertheless, as they climbed higher and higher, London unfurling below them like a gray-and-green map, Harry\rquote s overwhelming feeling was of gratitude for an escape that had seemed impossible. Crouching low over the beast\rquote s neck, he clung tight to the metallic scales, and the cool breeze was soothing on his burned and blistered skin, the dragon\rquote s wings beating the air like the sails of a windmill. Behind him, whether from delight or fear he could not tell, Ron kept swearing at the top of his voice, and Hermione seemed to be sobbing.\par
After five minutes or so, Harry lost some of his immediate dread that the dragon was going to throw them off, for it seemed intent on nothing but getting as far away from its underground prison as possible; but the question of how and when they were to dis\-mount remained rather frightening. He had no idea how long\lang3081  \lang1033 dragons could fly without landing, nor how this particular dragon, which could barely see, would locate a good place to put down. He glanced around constantly, imagining that he could feel his scar prickling. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 How long would it be before Voldemort knew that they had broken into the Lestranges\rquote  vault? How soon would the goblins of Gringotts notify Bellatrix? How quickly would they realize what had been taken? And then, when they discovered that the golden cup was missing? Voldemort would know, at last, that they were hunting Horcruxes. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dragon seemed to crave cooler and fresher air: It climbed steadily until they were flying through wisps of chilly cloud, and Harry could no longer make out the little colored dots which were cars pouring in and out of the capital. On and on they flew, over countryside parceled out in patches of green and brown, over roads and rivers winding through the landscape like strips of matte and glossy ribbon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you reckon it\rquote s looking for?\rdblquote  Ron yelled as they flew farther and farther north.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  Harry bellowed back. His hands were numb with cold but he did not dare attempt to shift his grip. He had been wondering for some time what they would do if they saw the coast sail beneath them, if the dragon headed for open sea; he was cold and numb, not to mention desperately hungry and thirsty. When, he wondered, had the beast itself last eaten? Surely it would need sustenance before long? And what if, at that point, it realized it had three highly edible humans sitting on its back?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sun slipped lower in the sky, which was turning indigo; and still the dragon flew, cities and towns gliding out of sight beneath\lang3081  \lang1033 them, its enormous shadow sliding over the earth like a great dark cloud. Every part of Harry ached with the effort of holding on to the dragon\rquote s back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it my imagination,\rdblquote  shouted Ron after a considerable stretch of silence, \ldblquote or are we losing height?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down and saw deep green mountains and lakes, coppery in the sunset. The landscape seemed to grow larger and more detailed as he squinted over the side of the dragon, and he wondered whether it had divined the presence of fresh water by the flashes of reflected sunlight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lower and lower the dragon flew, in great spiraling circles, hon\-ing in, it seemed, upon one of the smaller lakes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I say we jump when it gets low enough!\rdblquote  Harry called back to the others. \ldblquote Straight into the water before it realizes we\rquote re here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They agreed, Hermione a little faintly, and now Harry could see the dragon\rquote s wide yellow underbelly rippling in the surface of the water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NOW!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He slithered over the side of the dragon and plummeted feetfirst toward the surface of the lake; the drop was greater than he had estimated and he hit the water hard, plunging like a stone into a freezing, green, reed-filled world. He kicked toward the surface and emerged, panting, to see enormous ripples emanating in circles from the places where Ron and Hermione had fallen. The dragon did not seem to have noticed anything: It was already fifty feet away, swooping low over the lake to scoop up water in its scarred snout. As Ron and Hermione emerged, spluttering and gasping, from the depths of the lake, the dragon flew on, its wings beating hard, and landed at last on a distant bank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione struck out for the opposite shore. The\lang3081  \lang1033 lake did not seem to be deep: Soon it was more a question of fighting their way through reeds and mud than swimming, and at last they flopped, sodden, panting, and exhausted, onto slippery grass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione collapsed, coughing and shuddering. Though Harry could have happily lain down and slept, he staggered to his feet, drew out his wand, and started casting the usual protective spells around them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When he had finished, he joined the others. It was the first time that he had seen them properly since escaping from the vault. Both had angry red burns all over their faces and arms, and their cloth\-ing was singed away in places. They were wincing as they dabbed essence of dittany onto their many injuries. Hermione handed Harry the bottle, then pulled out three bottles of pumpkin juice she had brought from Shell Cottage and clean, dry robes for all of them. They changed and then gulped down the juice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, on the upside,\rdblquote  said Ron finally, who was sitting watch\-ing the skin on his hands regrow, \ldblquote we got the Horcrux. On the downside \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  no sword,\rdblquote  said Harry through gritted teeth, as he dripped dittany through the singed hole in his jeans onto the angry burn beneath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No sword,\rdblquote  repeated Ron. \ldblquote That double-crossing little scab \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled the Horcrux from the pocket of the wet jacket he had just taken off and set it down on the grass in front of them. Glinting in the sun, it drew their eyes as they swigged their bottles of juice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At least we can\rquote t wear it this time, that\rquote d look a bit weird hang\-ing round our necks,\rdblquote  said Ron, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked across the lake to the far bank, where the dragon was still drinking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote ll happen to it, do you think?\rdblquote  she asked. \ldblquote Will it be all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You sound like Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s a dragon, Hermione, it can look after itself. It\rquote s us we need to worry about.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t know how to break this to you,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote but I think they \i might\i0  have noticed we broke into Gringotts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All three of them started to laugh, and once started, it was dif\-ficult to stop. Harry\rquote s ribs ached, he felt lightheaded with hunger, but he lay back on the grass beneath the reddening sky and laughed until his throat was raw.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are we going to do, though?\rdblquote  said Hermione finally, hic\-cuping herself back to seriousness. \ldblquote He\rquote ll know, won\rquote t he? You-Know-Who will know we know about his Horcruxes!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe they\rquote ll be too scared to tell him?\rdblquote  said Ron hopefully. \ldblquote Maybe they\rquote ll cover up \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sky, the smell of lake water, the sound of Ron\rquote s voice were extinguished: Pain cleaved Harry\rquote s head like a sword stroke. He was standing in a dimly lit room, and a semicircle of wizards faced him, and on the floor at his feet knelt a small, quaking figure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did you say to me?\rdblquote  His voice was high and cold, but fury and fear burned inside him. The one thing he had dreaded \emdash  but it could not be true, he could not see how \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblin was trembling, unable to meet the red eyes high above his.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Say it again!\rdblquote  murmured Voldemort. \ldblquote\i Say it again\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote M-my Lord,\rdblquote  stammered the goblin, its black eyes wide with ter\-ror, \ldblquote m-my Lord \'85 we t-tried t-to st-stop them. \'85 Im-impostors, my Lord \'85 broke \emdash  broke into the \emdash  into the Lestranges\rquote  v-vault. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Impostors? What impostors? I thought Gringotts had ways of revealing impostors? Who were they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was \'85 it was \'85 the P-Potter b-boy and t-two accom\-plices. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i And they took\i0 ?\rdblquote  he said, his voice rising, a terrible fear gripping him. \ldblquote Tell me! \i What did they take\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A \'85 a s-small golden c-cup, m-my Lord \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The scream of rage, of denial left him as if it were a stranger\rquote s: He was crazed, frenzied, it could not be true, it was impossible, no\-body had ever known: How was it possible that the boy could have discovered his secret?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Elder Wand slashed through the air and green light erupted through the room; the kneeling goblin rolled over, dead; the watching wizards scattered before him, terrified: Bellatrix and Lucius Malfoy threw others behind them in their race for the door, and again and again his wand fell, and those who were left were slain, all of them, for bringing him this news, for hearing about the golden cup \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Alone amongst the dead he stormed up and down, and they passed before him in vision: his treasures, his safeguards, his anchors to immortality \emdash  the diary was destroyed and the cup was stolen: What if, \i what if,\i0  the boy knew about the others? Could he know, had he already acted, had he traced more of them? Was Dumbledore at the root of this? Dumbledore, who had always suspected him; Dumbledore, dead on his orders; Dumbledore, whose wand was\lang3081  \lang1033 his now, yet who reached out from the ignominy of death through the boy, \i the boy\i0  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But surely if the boy had destroyed any of his Horcruxes, he, Lord Voldemort, would have known, would have felt it? He, the greatest wizard of them all; he, the most powerful; he, the killer of Dumble\-dore and of how many other worthless, nameless men: How could Lord Voldemort not have known, if he, himself, most important and precious, had been attacked, mutilated?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 True, he had not felt it when the diary had been destroyed, but he had thought that was because he had no body to feel, being less than ghost. \'85 No, surely, the rest were safe. \'85 The other Hor\-cruxes must be intact. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he must know, he must be sure. \'85 He paced the room, kicking aside the goblin\rquote s corpse as he passed, and the pictures blurred and burned in his boiling brain: the lake, the shack, and Hogwarts \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A modicum of calm cooled his rage now: How could the boy know that he had hidden the ring in the Gaunt shack? No one had ever known him to be related to the Gaunts, he had hidden the connection, the killings had never been traced to him: The ring, surely, was safe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And how could the boy, or anybody else, know about the cave or penetrate its protection? The idea of the locket being stolen was absurd. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As for the school: He alone knew where in Hogwarts he had stowed the Horcrux, because he alone had plumbed the deepest secrets of that place. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And there was still Nagini, who must remain close now, no longer sent to do his bidding, under his protection. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But to be sure, to be utterly sure, he must return to each of his hiding places, he must redouble protection around each of his Hor\-cruxes. \'85 A job, like the quest for the Elder Wand, that he must undertake alone \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Which should he visit first, which was in most danger? An old unease flickered inside him. Dumbledore had known his middle name. \'85 Dumbledore might have made the connection with the Gaunts. \'85 Their abandoned home was, perhaps, the least secure of his hiding places, it was there that he would go first. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The lake, surely impossible \'85 though was there a slight possibil\-ity that Dumbledore might have known some of his past misdeeds, through the orphanage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Hogwarts\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but he knew that his Horcrux there was safe; it would be impossible for Potter to enter Hogsmeade without detec\-tion, let alone the school. Nevertheless, it would be prudent to alert Snape to the fact that the boy might try to reenter the castle. \'85 To tell Snape why the boy might return would be foolish, of course; it had been a grave mistake to trust Bellatrix and Malfoy: Didn\rquote t their stupidity and carelessness prove how unwise it was ever to trust?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He would visit the Gaunt shack first, then, and take Nagini with him: He would not be parted from the snake anymore \'85 and he strode from the room, through the hall, and out into the dark gar\-den where the fountain played; he called the snake in Parseltongue and it slithered out to join him like a long shadow. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s eyes flew open as he wrenched himself back to the pres\-ent: He was lying on the bank of the lake in the setting sun, and Ron and Hermione were looking down at him. Judging by their worried looks, and by the continued pounding of his scar, his sud\-den excursion into Voldemort\rquote s mind had not passed unnoticed. He\lang3081  \lang1033 struggled up, shivering, vaguely surprised that he was still wet to his skin, and saw the cup lying innocently in the grass before him, and the lake, deep blue shot with gold in the failing sun.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He knows.\rdblquote  His own voice sounded strange and low after Vol\-demort\rquote s high screams. \ldblquote He knows, and he\rquote s going to check where the others are, and the last one,\rdblquote  he was already on his feet, \ldblquote is at Hogwarts. I knew it. I \i knew\i0  it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was gaping at him; Hermione sat up, looking worried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what did you see? How do you know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw him find out about the cup, I \emdash  I was in his head, he\rquote s\rdblquote  \emdash  Harry remembered the killings \emdash  \ldblquote he\rquote s seriously angry, and scared too, he can\rquote t understand how we knew, and now he\rquote s going to check the others are safe, the ring first. He thinks the Hogwarts one is safest, because Snape\rquote s there, because it\rquote ll be so hard not to be seen getting in, I think he\rquote ll check that one last, but he could still be there within hours \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you see where in Hogwarts it is?\rdblquote  asked Ron, now scram\-bling to his feet too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, he was concentrating on warning Snape, he didn\rquote t think about exactly where it is \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait, \i wait\i0 !\rdblquote  cried Hermione as Ron caught up the Horcrux and Harry pulled out the Invisibility Cloak again. \ldblquote We can\rquote t just \i go,\i0  we haven\rquote t got a plan, we need to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need to get going,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly. He had been hop\-ing to sleep, looking forward to getting into the new tent, but that was impossible now. \ldblquote Can you imagine what he\rquote s going to do once he realizes the ring and the locket are gone? What if he moves the Hogwarts Horcrux, decides it isn\rquote t safe enough?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how are we going to get in?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll go to Hogsmeade,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote and try to work something out once we see what the protection around the school\rquote s like. Get under the Cloak, Hermione, I want to stick together this time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But we don\rquote t really fit \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote ll be dark, no one\rquote s going to notice our feet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The flapping of enormous wings echoed across the black water: The dragon had drunk its fill and risen into the air. They paused in their preparations to watch it climb higher and higher, now black against the rapidly darkening sky, until it vanished over a nearby mountain. Then Hermione walked forward and took her place be\-tween the other two. Harry pulled the Cloak down as far as it would go, and together they turned on the spot into the crushing darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 28\par
\pard\qc The Final Hiding Place\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
There was no means of steering; the dragon could not see where it was going, and Harry knew that if it turned sharply or rolled in midair they would find it impossible to cling onto its broad back. Nevertheless, as they climbed higher and higher, London unfurling below them like a gray-and-green map, Harry\rquote s overwhelming feeling was of gratitude for an escape that had seemed impossible. Crouching low over the beast\rquote s neck, he clung tight to the metallic scales, and the cool breeze was soothing on his burned and blistered skin, the dragon\rquote s wings beating the air like the sails of a windmill. Behind him, whether from delight or fear he could not tell, Ron kept swearing at the top of his voice, and Hermione seemed to be sobbing.\par
After five minutes or so, Harry lost some of his immediate dread that the dragon was going to throw them off, for it seemed intent on nothing but getting as far away from its underground prison as possible; but the question of how and when they were to dis\-mount remained rather frightening. He had no idea how long\lang3081  \lang1033 dragons could fly without landing, nor how this particular dragon, which could barely see, would locate a good place to put down. He glanced around constantly, imagining that he could feel his scar prickling. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 How long would it be before Voldemort knew that they had broken into the Lestranges\rquote  vault? How soon would the goblins of Gringotts notify Bellatrix? How quickly would they realize what had been taken? And then, when they discovered that the golden cup was missing? Voldemort would know, at last, that they were hunting Horcruxes. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dragon seemed to crave cooler and fresher air: It climbed steadily until they were flying through wisps of chilly cloud, and Harry could no longer make out the little colored dots which were cars pouring in and out of the capital. On and on they flew, over countryside parceled out in patches of green and brown, over roads and rivers winding through the landscape like strips of matte and glossy ribbon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you reckon it\rquote s looking for?\rdblquote  Ron yelled as they flew farther and farther north.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  Harry bellowed back. His hands were numb with cold but he did not dare attempt to shift his grip. He had been wondering for some time what they would do if they saw the coast sail beneath them, if the dragon headed for open sea; he was cold and numb, not to mention desperately hungry and thirsty. When, he wondered, had the beast itself last eaten? Surely it would need sustenance before long? And what if, at that point, it realized it had three highly edible humans sitting on its back?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sun slipped lower in the sky, which was turning indigo; and still the dragon flew, cities and towns gliding out of sight beneath\lang3081  \lang1033 them, its enormous shadow sliding over the earth like a great dark cloud. Every part of Harry ached with the effort of holding on to the dragon\rquote s back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it my imagination,\rdblquote  shouted Ron after a considerable stretch of silence, \ldblquote or are we losing height?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down and saw deep green mountains and lakes, coppery in the sunset. The landscape seemed to grow larger and more detailed as he squinted over the side of the dragon, and he wondered whether it had divined the presence of fresh water by the flashes of reflected sunlight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lower and lower the dragon flew, in great spiraling circles, hon\-ing in, it seemed, upon one of the smaller lakes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I say we jump when it gets low enough!\rdblquote  Harry called back to the others. \ldblquote Straight into the water before it realizes we\rquote re here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They agreed, Hermione a little faintly, and now Harry could see the dragon\rquote s wide yellow underbelly rippling in the surface of the water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NOW!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He slithered over the side of the dragon and plummeted feetfirst toward the surface of the lake; the drop was greater than he had estimated and he hit the water hard, plunging like a stone into a freezing, green, reed-filled world. He kicked toward the surface and emerged, panting, to see enormous ripples emanating in circles from the places where Ron and Hermione had fallen. The dragon did not seem to have noticed anything: It was already fifty feet away, swooping low over the lake to scoop up water in its scarred snout. As Ron and Hermione emerged, spluttering and gasping, from the depths of the lake, the dragon flew on, its wings beating hard, and landed at last on a distant bank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione struck out for the opposite shore. The\lang3081  \lang1033 lake did not seem to be deep: Soon it was more a question of fighting their way through reeds and mud than swimming, and at last they flopped, sodden, panting, and exhausted, onto slippery grass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione collapsed, coughing and shuddering. Though Harry could have happily lain down and slept, he staggered to his feet, drew out his wand, and started casting the usual protective spells around them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When he had finished, he joined the others. It was the first time that he had seen them properly since escaping from the vault. Both had angry red burns all over their faces and arms, and their cloth\-ing was singed away in places. They were wincing as they dabbed essence of dittany onto their many injuries. Hermione handed Harry the bottle, then pulled out three bottles of pumpkin juice she had brought from Shell Cottage and clean, dry robes for all of them. They changed and then gulped down the juice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, on the upside,\rdblquote  said Ron finally, who was sitting watch\-ing the skin on his hands regrow, \ldblquote we got the Horcrux. On the downside \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  no sword,\rdblquote  said Harry through gritted teeth, as he dripped dittany through the singed hole in his jeans onto the angry burn beneath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No sword,\rdblquote  repeated Ron. \ldblquote That double-crossing little scab \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled the Horcrux from the pocket of the wet jacket he had just taken off and set it down on the grass in front of them. Glinting in the sun, it drew their eyes as they swigged their bottles of juice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote At least we can\rquote t wear it this time, that\rquote d look a bit weird hang\-ing round our necks,\rdblquote  said Ron, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked across the lake to the far bank, where the dragon was still drinking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote ll happen to it, do you think?\rdblquote  she asked. \ldblquote Will it be all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You sound like Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s a dragon, Hermione, it can look after itself. It\rquote s us we need to worry about.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t know how to break this to you,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote but I think they \i might\i0  have noticed we broke into Gringotts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All three of them started to laugh, and once started, it was dif\-ficult to stop. Harry\rquote s ribs ached, he felt lightheaded with hunger, but he lay back on the grass beneath the reddening sky and laughed until his throat was raw.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are we going to do, though?\rdblquote  said Hermione finally, hic\-cuping herself back to seriousness. \ldblquote He\rquote ll know, won\rquote t he? You-Know-Who will know we know about his Horcruxes!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe they\rquote ll be too scared to tell him?\rdblquote  said Ron hopefully. \ldblquote Maybe they\rquote ll cover up \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sky, the smell of lake water, the sound of Ron\rquote s voice were extinguished: Pain cleaved Harry\rquote s head like a sword stroke. He was standing in a dimly lit room, and a semicircle of wizards faced him, and on the floor at his feet knelt a small, quaking figure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did you say to me?\rdblquote  His voice was high and cold, but fury and fear burned inside him. The one thing he had dreaded \emdash  but it could not be true, he could not see how \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The goblin was trembling, unable to meet the red eyes high above his.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Say it again!\rdblquote  murmured Voldemort. \ldblquote\i Say it again\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote M-my Lord,\rdblquote  stammered the goblin, its black eyes wide with ter\-ror, \ldblquote m-my Lord \'85 we t-tried t-to st-stop them. \'85 Im-impostors, my Lord \'85 broke \emdash  broke into the \emdash  into the Lestranges\rquote  v-vault. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Impostors? What impostors? I thought Gringotts had ways of revealing impostors? Who were they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was \'85 it was \'85 the P-Potter b-boy and t-two accom\-plices. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i And they took\i0 ?\rdblquote  he said, his voice rising, a terrible fear gripping him. \ldblquote Tell me! \i What did they take\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A \'85 a s-small golden c-cup, m-my Lord \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The scream of rage, of denial left him as if it were a stranger\rquote s: He was crazed, frenzied, it could not be true, it was impossible, no\-body had ever known: How was it possible that the boy could have discovered his secret?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Elder Wand slashed through the air and green light erupted through the room; the kneeling goblin rolled over, dead; the watching wizards scattered before him, terrified: Bellatrix and Lucius Malfoy threw others behind them in their race for the door, and again and again his wand fell, and those who were left were slain, all of them, for bringing him this news, for hearing about the golden cup \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Alone amongst the dead he stormed up and down, and they passed before him in vision: his treasures, his safeguards, his anchors to immortality \emdash  the diary was destroyed and the cup was stolen: What if, \i what if,\i0  the boy knew about the others? Could he know, had he already acted, had he traced more of them? Was Dumbledore at the root of this? Dumbledore, who had always suspected him; Dumbledore, dead on his orders; Dumbledore, whose wand was\lang3081  \lang1033 his now, yet who reached out from the ignominy of death through the boy, \i the boy\i0  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But surely if the boy had destroyed any of his Horcruxes, he, Lord Voldemort, would have known, would have felt it? He, the greatest wizard of them all; he, the most powerful; he, the killer of Dumble\-dore and of how many other worthless, nameless men: How could Lord Voldemort not have known, if he, himself, most important and precious, had been attacked, mutilated?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 True, he had not felt it when the diary had been destroyed, but he had thought that was because he had no body to feel, being less than ghost. \'85 No, surely, the rest were safe. \'85 The other Hor\-cruxes must be intact. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he must know, he must be sure. \'85 He paced the room, kicking aside the goblin\rquote s corpse as he passed, and the pictures blurred and burned in his boiling brain: the lake, the shack, and Hogwarts \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A modicum of calm cooled his rage now: How could the boy know that he had hidden the ring in the Gaunt shack? No one had ever known him to be related to the Gaunts, he had hidden the connection, the killings had never been traced to him: The ring, surely, was safe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And how could the boy, or anybody else, know about the cave or penetrate its protection? The idea of the locket being stolen was absurd. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As for the school: He alone knew where in Hogwarts he had stowed the Horcrux, because he alone had plumbed the deepest secrets of that place. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And there was still Nagini, who must remain close now, no longer sent to do his bidding, under his protection. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But to be sure, to be utterly sure, he must return to each of his hiding places, he must redouble protection around each of his Hor\-cruxes. \'85 A job, like the quest for the Elder Wand, that he must undertake alone \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Which should he visit first, which was in most danger? An old unease flickered inside him. Dumbledore had known his middle name. \'85 Dumbledore might have made the connection with the Gaunts. \'85 Their abandoned home was, perhaps, the least secure of his hiding places, it was there that he would go first. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The lake, surely impossible \'85 though was there a slight possibil\-ity that Dumbledore might have known some of his past misdeeds, through the orphanage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Hogwarts\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but he knew that his Horcrux there was safe; it would be impossible for Potter to enter Hogsmeade without detec\-tion, let alone the school. Nevertheless, it would be prudent to alert Snape to the fact that the boy might try to reenter the castle. \'85 To tell Snape why the boy might return would be foolish, of course; it had been a grave mistake to trust Bellatrix and Malfoy: Didn\rquote t their stupidity and carelessness prove how unwise it was ever to trust?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He would visit the Gaunt shack first, then, and take Nagini with him: He would not be parted from the snake anymore \'85 and he strode from the room, through the hall, and out into the dark gar\-den where the fountain played; he called the snake in Parseltongue and it slithered out to join him like a long shadow. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s eyes flew open as he wrenched himself back to the pres\-ent: He was lying on the bank of the lake in the setting sun, and Ron and Hermione were looking down at him. Judging by their worried looks, and by the continued pounding of his scar, his sud\-den excursion into Voldemort\rquote s mind had not passed unnoticed. He\lang3081  \lang1033 struggled up, shivering, vaguely surprised that he was still wet to his skin, and saw the cup lying innocently in the grass before him, and the lake, deep blue shot with gold in the failing sun.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He knows.\rdblquote  His own voice sounded strange and low after Vol\-demort\rquote s high screams. \ldblquote He knows, and he\rquote s going to check where the others are, and the last one,\rdblquote  he was already on his feet, \ldblquote is at Hogwarts. I knew it. I \i knew\i0  it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was gaping at him; Hermione sat up, looking worried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what did you see? How do you know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw him find out about the cup, I \emdash  I was in his head, he\rquote s\rdblquote  \emdash  Harry remembered the killings \emdash  \ldblquote he\rquote s seriously angry, and scared too, he can\rquote t understand how we knew, and now he\rquote s going to check the others are safe, the ring first. He thinks the Hogwarts one is safest, because Snape\rquote s there, because it\rquote ll be so hard not to be seen getting in, I think he\rquote ll check that one last, but he could still be there within hours \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you see where in Hogwarts it is?\rdblquote  asked Ron, now scram\-bling to his feet too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, he was concentrating on warning Snape, he didn\rquote t think about exactly where it is \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait, \i wait\i0 !\rdblquote  cried Hermione as Ron caught up the Horcrux and Harry pulled out the Invisibility Cloak again. \ldblquote We can\rquote t just \i go,\i0  we haven\rquote t got a plan, we need to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need to get going,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly. He had been hop\-ing to sleep, looking forward to getting into the new tent, but that was impossible now. \ldblquote Can you imagine what he\rquote s going to do once he realizes the ring and the locket are gone? What if he moves the Hogwarts Horcrux, decides it isn\rquote t safe enough?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how are we going to get in?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll go to Hogsmeade,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote and try to work something out once we see what the protection around the school\rquote s like. Get under the Cloak, Hermione, I want to stick together this time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But we don\rquote t really fit \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote ll be dark, no one\rquote s going to notice our feet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The flapping of enormous wings echoed across the black water: The dragon had drunk its fill and risen into the air. They paused in their preparations to watch it climb higher and higher, now black against the rapidly darkening sky, until it vanished over a nearby mountain. Then Hermione walked forward and took her place be\-tween the other two. Harry pulled the Cloak down as far as it would go, and together they turned on the spot into the crushing darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 29\par
\pard\qc The Lost Diadem\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote Neville \emdash  what the \emdash  how \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
But Neville had spotted Ron and Hermione, and with yells of delight was hugging them too. The longer Harry looked at Neville, the worse he appeared: One of his eyes was swollen yellow and purple, there were gouge marks on his face, and his general air of unkemptness suggested that he had been living rough. Nevertheless, his battered visage shone with happiness as he let go of Hermione and said again, \ldblquote I knew you\rquote d come! Kept telling Seamus it was a matter of time!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville, what\rquote s happened to you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? This?\rdblquote  Neville dismissed his injuries with a shake of the head. \ldblquote This is nothing. Seamus is worse. You\rquote ll see. Shall we get go\-ing then? Oh,\rdblquote  he turned to Aberforth, \ldblquote Ab, there might be a couple more people on the way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Couple more?\rdblquote  repeated Aberforth ominously. \ldblquote What d\rquote you\lang3081  \lang1033 mean, a couple more, Longbottom? There\rquote s a curfew and a Cater\-wauling Charm on the whole village!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, that\rquote s why they\rquote ll be Apparating directly into the bar,\rdblquote  said Neville. \ldblquote Just send them down the passage when they get here, will you? Thanks a lot.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville held out his hand to Hermione and helped her to climb up onto the mantelpiece and into the tunnel; Ron followed, then Neville. Harry addressed Aberforth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know how to thank you. You\rquote ve saved our lives twice.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look after \rquote em, then,\rdblquote  said Aberforth gruffly. \ldblquote I might not be able to save \rquote em a third time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry clambered up onto the mantelpiece and through the hole behind Ariana\rquote s portrait. There were smooth stone steps on the other side: It looked as though the passageway had been there for years. Brass lamps hung from the walls and the earthy floor was worn and smooth; as they walked, their shadows rippled, fanlike, across the wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How long\rquote s this been here?\rdblquote  Ron asked as they set off. \ldblquote It isn\rquote t on the Marauder\rquote s Map, is it, Harry? I thought there were only seven passages in and out of school?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They sealed off all of those before the start of the year,\rdblquote  said Neville. \ldblquote There\rquote s no chance of getting through any of them now, not with curses over the entrances and Death Eaters and demen\-tors waiting at the exits.\rdblquote  He started walking backward, beaming, drinking them in. \ldblquote Never mind that stuff. \'85 Is it true? Did you break into Gringotts? Did you escape on a dragon? It\rquote s everywhere, everyone\rquote s talking about it, Terry Boot got beaten up by Carrow for yelling about it in the Great Hall at dinner!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it\rquote s true,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville laughed gleefully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did you do with the dragon?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Released it into the wild,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Hermione was all for keep\-ing it as a pet \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t exaggerate, Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what have you been doing? People have been saying you\rquote ve just been on the run, Harry, but I don\rquote t think so. I think you\rquote ve been up to something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re right,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but tell us about Hogwarts, Neville, we haven\rquote t heard anything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s been \'85 well, it\rquote s not really like Hogwarts anymore,\rdblquote  said Neville, the smile fading from his face as he spoke. \ldblquote Do you know about the Carrows?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Those two Death Eaters who teach here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They do more than teach,\rdblquote  said Neville. \ldblquote They\rquote re in charge of all discipline. They like punishment, the Carrows.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like Umbridge?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nah, they make her look tame. The other teachers are all sup\-posed to refer us to the Carrows if we do anything wrong. They don\rquote t, though, if they can avoid it. You can tell they all hate them as much as we do.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Amycus, the bloke, he teaches what used to be Defense Against the Dark Arts, except now it\rquote s just the Dark Arts. We\rquote re sup\-posed to practice the Cruciatus Curse on people who\rquote ve earned detentions \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione\rquote s united voices echoed up and down the passage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Neville. \ldblquote That\rquote s how I got this one,\rdblquote  he pointed at a\lang3081  \lang1033 particularly deep gash in his cheek, \ldblquote I refused to do it. Some people are into it, though; Crabbe and Goyle love it. First time they\rquote ve ever been top in anything, I expect.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Alecto, Amycus\rquote s sister, teaches Muggle Studies, which is com\-pulsory for everyone. We\rquote ve all got to listen to her explain how Muggles are like animals, stupid and dirty, and how they drove wizards into hiding by being vicious toward them, and how the natural order is being reestablished. I got this one,\rdblquote  he indicated another slash to his face, \ldblquote for asking her how much Muggle blood she and her brother have got.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, Neville,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote there\rquote s a time and a place for get\-ting a smart mouth.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t hear her,\rdblquote  said Neville. \ldblquote You wouldn\rquote t have stood it either. The thing is, it helps when people stand up to them, it gives everyone hope. I used to notice that when you did it, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But they\rquote ve used you as a knife sharpener,\rdblquote  said Ron, wincing slightly as they passed a lamp and Neville\rquote s injuries were thrown into even greater relief.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville shrugged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Doesn\rquote t matter. They don\rquote t want to spill too much pure blood, so they\rquote ll torture us a bit if we\rquote re mouthy but they won\rquote t actually kill us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not know what was worse, the things that Neville was saying or the matter-of-fact tone in which he said them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The only people in real danger are the ones whose friends and relatives on the outside are giving trouble. They get taken hos\-tage. Old Xeno Lovegood was getting a bit too outspoken in \i The Quibbler,\i0  so they dragged Luna off the train on the way back for Christmas.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville, she\rquote s all right, we\rquote ve seen her \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I know, she managed to get a message to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 From his pocket he pulled a golden coin, and Harry recognized it as one of the fake Galleons that Dumbledore\rquote s Army had used to send one another messages.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote These have been great,\rdblquote  said Neville, beaming at Hermione. \ldblquote The Carrows never rumbled how we were communicating, it drove them mad. We used to sneak out at night and put graffiti on the walls: \i Dumbledore\rquote s Army, Still Recruiting,\i0  stuff like that. Snape hated it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \i used to\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry, who had noticed the past tense.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, it got more difficult as time went on,\rdblquote  said Neville. \ldblquote We lost Luna at Christmas, and Ginny never came back after Easter, and the three of us were sort of the leaders. The Carrows seemed to know I was behind a lot of it, so they started coming down on me hard, and then Michael Corner went and got caught releasing a first-year they\rquote d chained up, and they tortured him pretty badly. That scared people off.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No kidding,\rdblquote  muttered Ron, as the passage began to slope upward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, I couldn\rquote t ask people to go through what Michael did, so we dropped those kinds of stunts. But we were still fighting, doing underground stuff, right up until a couple of weeks ago. That\rquote s when they decided there was only one way to stop me, I suppose, and they went for Gran.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They \i what\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry, Ron, and Hermione together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Neville, panting a little now, because the passage was climbing so steeply, \ldblquote well, you can see their thinking. It had worked really well, kidnapping kids to force their relatives to behave,\lang3081  \lang1033 I s\rquote pose it was only a matter of time before they did it the other way around. Thing was,\rdblquote  he faced them, and Harry was astonished to see that he was grinning, \ldblquote they bit off a bit more than they could chew with Gran. Little old witch living alone, they probably thought they didn\rquote t need to send anyone particularly powerful. Anyway,\rdblquote  Neville laughed, \ldblquote Dawlish is still in St. Mungo\rquote s and Gran\rquote s on the run. She sent me a letter,\rdblquote  he clapped a hand to the breast pocket of his robes, \ldblquote telling me she was proud of me, that I\rquote m my parents\rquote  son, and to keep it up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cool,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Neville happily. \ldblquote Only thing was, once they realized they had no hold over me, they decided Hogwarts could do without me after all. I don\rquote t know whether they were planning to kill me or send me to Azkaban; either way, I knew it was time to disappear.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking thoroughly confused, \ldblquote aren\rquote t \emdash  aren\rquote t we heading straight back into Hogwarts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Course,\rdblquote  said Neville. \ldblquote You\rquote ll see. We\rquote re here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They turned a corner and there ahead of them was the end of the passage. Another short flight of steps led to a door just like the one hidden behind Ariana\rquote s portrait. Neville pushed it open and climbed through. As Harry followed, he heard Neville call out to unseen people:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look who it is! Didn\rquote t I tell you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry emerged into the room beyond the passage, there were several screams and yells: \ldblquote HARRY!\rdblquote  \ldblquote It\rquote s Potter, it\rquote s POTTER!\rdblquote  \ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  \ldblquote\i Hermione\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had a confused impression of colored hangings, of lamps and many faces. The next moment, he, Ron, and Hermione were en\-gulfed, hugged, pounded on the back, their hair ruffled, their hands\lang3081  \lang1033 shaken, by what seemed to be more than twenty people: They might just have won a Quidditch final.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, okay, calm down!\rdblquote  Neville called, and as the crowd backed away, Harry was able to take in their surroundings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not recognize the room at all. It was enormous, and looked rather like the interior of a particularly sumptuous tree house, or perhaps a gigantic ship\rquote s cabin. Multicolored hammocks were strung from the ceiling and from a balcony that ran around the dark wood-paneled and windowless walls, which were covered in bright tapestry hangings: Harry saw the gold Gryffindor lion, emblazoned on scarlet; the black badger of Hufflepuff, set against yellow; and the bronze eagle of Ravenclaw, on blue. The silver and green of Slytherin alone were absent. There were bulging bookcases, a few broomsticks propped against the walls, and in the corner, a large wooden-cased wireless.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are we?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Room of Requirement, of course!\rdblquote  said Neville. \ldblquote Surpassed it\-self, hasn\rquote t it? The Carrows were chasing me, and I knew I had just one chance for a hideout: I managed to get through the door and this is what I found! Well, it wasn\rquote t exactly like this when I arrived, it was a load smaller, there was only one hammock and just Gryf\-findor hangings. But it\rquote s expanded as more and more of the D.A. have arrived.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And the Carrows can\rquote t get in?\rdblquote  asked Harry, looking around for the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Seamus Finnigan, whom Harry had not recognized until he spoke: Seamus\rquote s face was bruised and puffy. \ldblquote It\rquote s a proper hideout, as long as one of us stays in here, they can\rquote t get at us, the door won\rquote t open. It\rquote s all down to Neville. He really \i gets\i0  this room.\lang3081  \lang1033 You\rquote ve got to ask it for \i exactly\i0  what you need \emdash  like, \lquote I don\rquote t want any Carrow supporters to be able to get in\rquote  \emdash  and it\rquote ll do it for you! You\rquote ve just got to make sure you close the loopholes! Neville\rquote s the man!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s quite straightforward, really,\rdblquote  said Neville modestly. \ldblquote I\rquote d been in here about a day and a half, and getting really hungry, and wishing I could get something to eat, and that\rquote s when the passage to the Hog\rquote s Head opened up. I went through it and met Aberforth. He\rquote s been providing us with food, because for some reason, that\rquote s the one thing the room doesn\rquote t really do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, well, food\rquote s one of the five exceptions to Gamp\rquote s Law of Elemental Transfiguration,\rdblquote  said Ron to general astonishment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So we\rquote ve been hiding out here for nearly two weeks,\rdblquote  said Sea\-mus, \ldblquote and it just makes more hammocks every time we need them, and it even sprouted a pretty good bathroom once girls started turning up \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and thought they\rquote d quite like to wash, yes,\rdblquote  supplied Lav\-ender Brown, whom Harry had not noticed until that point. Now that he looked around properly, he recognized many familiar faces. Both Patil twins were there, as were Terry Boot, Ernie Macmillan, Anthony Goldstein, and Michael Corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell us what you\rquote ve been up to, though,\rdblquote  said Ernie. \ldblquote There\rquote ve been so many rumors, we\rquote ve been trying to keep up with you on \i Potterwatch.\i0\rdblquote  He pointed at the wireless. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t break into Gringotts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They did!\rdblquote  said Neville. \ldblquote And the dragon\rquote s true too!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a smattering of applause and a few whoops; Ron took a bow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What were you after?\rdblquote  asked Seamus eagerly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before any of them could parry the question with one of their own, Harry felt a terrible, scorching pain in the lightning scar. As he turned his back hastily on the curious and delighted faces, the Room of Requirement vanished, and he was standing inside a ru\-ined stone shack, and the rotting floorboards were ripped apart at his feet, a disinterred golden box lay open and empty beside the hole, and Voldemort\rquote s scream of fury vibrated inside his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With an enormous effort he pulled out of Voldemort\rquote s mind again, back to where he stood, swaying, in the Room of Require\-ment, sweat pouring from his face and Ron holding him up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you all right, Harry?\rdblquote  Neville was saying. \ldblquote Want to sit down? I expect you\rquote re tired, aren\rquote t \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. He looked at Ron and Hermione, trying to tell them without words that Voldemort had just discovered the loss of one of the other Horcruxes. Time was running out fast: If Volde\-mort chose to visit Hogwarts next, they would miss their chance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need to get going,\rdblquote  he said, and their expressions told him that they understood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are we going to do, then, Harry?\rdblquote  asked Seamus. \ldblquote What\rquote s the plan?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Plan?\rdblquote  repeated Harry. He was exercising all his willpower to prevent himself succumbing again to Voldemort\rquote s rage: His scar was still burning. \ldblquote Well, there\rquote s something we \emdash  Ron, Hermione, and I \emdash  need to do, and then we\rquote ll get out of here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody was laughing or whooping anymore. Neville looked confused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, \lquote get out of here\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We haven\rquote t come back to stay,\rdblquote  said Harry, rubbing his scar, trying to soothe the pain. \ldblquote There\rquote s something important we need to do \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I can\rquote t tell you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a ripple of muttering at this: Neville\rquote s brows contracted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why can\rquote t you tell us? It\rquote s something to do with fighting You-Know-Who, right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, yeah \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then we\rquote ll help you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The other members of Dumbledore\rquote s Army were nodding, some enthusiastically, others solemnly. A couple of them rose from their chairs to demonstrate their willingness for immediate action.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t understand.\rdblquote  Harry seemed to have said that a lot in the last few hours. \ldblquote We \emdash  we can\rquote t tell you. We\rquote ve got to do it \emdash  alone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  asked Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because \'85\rdblquote  In his desperation to start looking for the miss\-ing Horcrux, or at least to have a private discussion with Ron and Hermione about where they might commence their search, Harry found it difficult to gather his thoughts. His scar was still searing. \ldblquote Dumbledore left the three of us a job,\rdblquote  he said carefully, \ldblquote and we weren\rquote t supposed to tell \emdash  I mean, he wanted us to do it, just the three of us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re his army,\rdblquote  said Neville. \ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s Army. We were all in it together, we\rquote ve been keeping it going while you three have been off on your own \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It hasn\rquote t exactly been a picnic, mate,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I never said it had, but I don\rquote t see why you can\rquote t trust us. Every\-one in this room\rquote s been fighting and they\rquote ve been driven in here because the Carrows were hunting them down. Everyone in here\rquote s proven they\rquote re loyal to Dumbledore \emdash  loyal to you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  Harry began, without knowing what he was going to say, but it did not matter: The tunnel door had just opened behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We got your message, Neville! Hello you three, I thought you must be here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Luna and Dean. Seamus gave a great roar of delight and ran to hug his best friend.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, everyone!\rdblquote  said Luna happily. \ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s great to be back!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Luna,\rdblquote  said Harry distractedly, \ldblquote what are you doing here? How did you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I sent for her,\rdblquote  said Neville, holding up the fake Galleon. \ldblquote I promised her and Ginny that if you turned up I\rquote d let them know. We all thought that if you came back, it would mean revolution. That we were going to overthrow Snape and the Carrows.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course that\rquote s what it means,\rdblquote  said Luna brightly. \ldblquote Isn\rquote t it, Harry? We\rquote re going to fight them out of Hogwarts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen,\rdblquote  said Harry with a rising sense of panic, \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, but that\rquote s not what we came back for. There\rquote s something we\rquote ve got to do, and then \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re going to leave us in this mess?\rdblquote  demanded Michael Corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote What we\rquote re doing will benefit everyone in the end, it\rquote s all about trying to get rid of You-Know-Who \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then let us help!\rdblquote  said Neville angrily. \ldblquote We want to be a part of it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was another noise behind them, and Harry turned. His heart seemed to fail: Ginny was now climbing through the hole in the wall, closely followed by Fred, George, and Lee Jordan. Ginny gave Harry a radiant smile: He had forgotten, or had never fully ap\-preciated, how beautiful she was, but he had never been less pleased to see her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aberforth\rquote s getting a bit annoyed,\rdblquote  said Fred, raising his hand in answer to several cries of greeting. \ldblquote He wants a kip, and his bar\rquote s turned into a railway station.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s mouth fell open. Right behind Lee Jordan came Harry\rquote s old girlfriend, Cho Chang. She smiled at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I got the message,\rdblquote  she said, holding up her own fake Galleon, and she walked over to sit beside Michael Corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what\rquote s the plan, Harry?\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There isn\rquote t one,\rdblquote  said Harry, still disoriented by the sudden ap\-pearance of all these people, unable to take everything in while his scar was still burning so fiercely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just going to make it up as we go along, are we? My favorite kind,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve got to stop this!\rdblquote  Harry told Neville. \ldblquote What did you call them all back for? This is insane \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re fighting, aren\rquote t we?\rdblquote  said Dean, taking out his fake Gal\-leon. \ldblquote The message said Harry was back, and we were going to fight! I\rquote ll have to get a wand, though \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You haven\rquote t got a \i wand\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash  ?\rdblquote  began Seamus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron turned suddenly to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why can\rquote t they help?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They can help.\rdblquote  He dropped his voice and said, so that none of them could hear but Hermione, who stood between them, \ldblquote We don\rquote t know where it is. We\rquote ve got to find it fast. We don\rquote t have to tell them it\rquote s a Horcrux.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked from Ron to Hermione, who murmured, \ldblquote I think Ron\rquote s right. We don\rquote t even know what we\rquote re looking for, we need them.\rdblquote  And when Harry looked unconvinced, \ldblquote You don\rquote t have to do everything alone, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought fast, his scar still prickling, his head threatening to split again. Dumbledore had warned him against telling anyone but Ron and Hermione about the Horcruxes. \i Secrets and lies, that\rquote s how we grew up, and\lang3081  \lang1033 Albus\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i he was a natural. \'85\i0  Was he turning into Dumbledore, keeping his secrets clutched to his chest, afraid to trust? But Dumbledore had trusted Snape, and where had that led? To murder at the top of the highest tower \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  he said quietly to the other two. \ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  he called to the room at large, and all noise ceased: Fred and George, who had been cracking jokes for the benefit of those nearest, fell silent, and all of them looked alert, excited.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s something we need to find,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote Some\-thing \emdash  something that\rquote ll help us overthrow You-Know-Who. It\rquote s here at Hogwarts, but we don\rquote t know where. It might have be\-longed to Ravenclaw. Has anyone heard of an object like that? Has anyone ever come across something with her eagle on it, for instance?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked hopefully toward the little group of Ravenclaws, to\lang3081  \lang1033 Padma, Michael, Terry, and Cho, but it was Luna who answered, perched on the arm of Ginny\rquote s chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, there\rquote s her lost diadem. I told you about it, remember, Harry? The lost diadem of Ravenclaw? Daddy\rquote s trying to dupli\-cate it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but the lost diadem,\rdblquote  said Michael Corner, rolling his eyes, \ldblquote is \i lost,\i0  Luna. That\rquote s sort of the point.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When was it lost?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Centuries ago, they say,\rdblquote  said Cho, and Harry\rquote s heart sank. \ldblquote Pro\-fessor Flitwick says the diadem vanished with Ravenclaw herself. People have looked, but,\rdblquote  she appealed to her fellow Ravenclaws, \ldblquote nobody\rquote s ever found a trace of it, have they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all shook their heads.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry, but what \i is\i0  a diadem?\rdblquote  asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s a kind of crown,\rdblquote  said Terry Boot. \ldblquote Ravenclaw\rquote s was supposed to have magical properties, enhance the wisdom of the wearer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Daddy\rquote s Wrackspurt siphons \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry cut across Luna.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And none of you have ever seen anything that looks like it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all shook their heads again. Harry looked at Ron and Her\-mione and his own disappointment was mirrored back at him. An object that had been lost this long, and apparently without trace, did not seem like a good candidate for the Horcrux hidden in the castle. \'85 Before he could formulate a new question, however, Cho spoke again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you\rquote d like to see what the diadem\rquote s supposed to look like, I could take you up to our common room and show you, Harry? Ravenclaw\rquote s wearing it in her statue.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s scar scorched again: For a moment the Room of Require\-ment swam before him, and he saw instead the dark earth soaring beneath him and felt the great snake wrapped around his shoulders. Voldemort was flying again, whether to the underground lake or here, to the castle, he did not know: Either way, there was hardly any time left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s on the move,\rdblquote  he said quietly to Ron and Hermione. He glanced at Cho and then back at them. \ldblquote Listen, I know it\rquote s not much of a lead, but I\rquote m going to go and look at this statue, at least find out what the diadem looks like. Wait for me here and keep, you know \emdash  the other one \emdash  safe.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cho had got to her feet, but Ginny said rather fiercely, \ldblquote No, Luna will take Harry, won\rquote t you, Luna?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oooh, yes, I\rquote d like to,\rdblquote  said Luna happily, and Cho sat down again, looking disappointed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do we get out?\rdblquote  Harry asked Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Over here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He led Harry and Luna to a corner, where a small cupboard opened onto a steep staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It comes out somewhere different every day, so they\rquote ve never been able to find it,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Only trouble is, we never know exactly where we\rquote re going to end up when we go out. Be careful, Harry, they\rquote re always patrolling the corridors at night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No problem,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote See you in a bit.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and Luna hurried up the staircase, which was long, lit by torches, and turned corners in unexpected places. At last they reached what appeared to be solid wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get under here,\rdblquote  Harry told Luna, pulling out the Invisibility Cloak and throwing it over both of them. He gave the wall a little push.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It melted away at his touch and they slipped outside: Harry glanced back and saw that it had resealed itself at once. They were stand\-ing in a dark corridor: Harry pulled Luna back into the shadows, fumbled in the pouch around his neck, and took out the Marauder\rquote s Map. Holding it close to his nose he searched, and located his and Luna\rquote s dots at last.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re up on the fifth floor,\rdblquote  he whispered, watching Filch mov\-ing away from them, a corridor ahead. \ldblquote Come on, this way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They crept off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had prowled the castle at night many times before, but never had his heart hammered this fast, never had so much de\-pended on his safe passage through the place. Through squares of moonlight upon the floor, past suits of armor whose helmets creaked at the sound of their soft footsteps, around corners beyond which who knew what lurked, Harry and Luna walked, checking the Marauder\rquote s Map whenever light permitted, twice pausing to allow a ghost to pass without drawing attention to themselves. He expected to encounter an obstacle at any moment; his worst fear was Peeves, and he strained his ears with every step to hear the first, telltale signs of the poltergeist\rquote s approach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This way, Harry,\rdblquote  breathed Luna, plucking his sleeve and pulling him toward a spiral staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They climbed in tight, dizzying circles; Harry had never been up here before. At last they reached a door. There was no handle and no keyhole: nothing but a plain expanse of aged wood, and a bronze knocker in the shape of an eagle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Luna reached out a pale hand, which looked eerie floating in midair, unconnected to arm or body. She knocked once, and in the silence it sounded to Harry like a cannon blast. At once the beak of\lang3081  \lang1033 the eagle opened, but instead of a bird\rquote s call, a soft, musical voice said, \ldblquote Which came first, the phoenix or the flame?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmm \'85 What do you think, Harry?\rdblquote  said Luna, looking thoughtful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? Isn\rquote t there just a password?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no, you\rquote ve got to answer a question,\rdblquote  said Luna.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What if you get it wrong?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you have to wait for somebody who gets it right,\rdblquote  said Luna. \ldblquote That way you learn, you see?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 Trouble is, we can\rquote t really afford to wait for anyone else, Luna.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I see what you mean,\rdblquote  said Luna seriously. \ldblquote Well then, I think the answer is that a circle has no beginning.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well reasoned,\rdblquote  said the voice, and the door swung open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The deserted Ravenclaw common room was a wide, circular room, airier than any Harry had ever seen at Hogwarts. Graceful arched windows punctuated the walls, which were hung with blue-and-bronze silks: By day, the Ravenclaws would have a spectacular view of the surrounding mountains. The ceiling was domed and painted with stars, which were echoed in the midnight-blue carpet. There were tables, chairs, and bookcases, and in a niche opposite the door stood a tall statue of white marble.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry recognized Rowena Ravenclaw from the bust he had seen at Luna\rquote s house. The statue stood beside a door that led, he guessed, to dormitories above. He strode right up to the marble woman, and she seemed to look back at him with a quizzical half smile on her face, beautiful yet slightly intimidating. A delicate-looking circlet had been reproduced in marble on top of her head. It was not un\-like the tiara Fleur had worn at her wedding. There were tiny words\lang3081  \lang1033 etched into it. Harry stepped out from under the Cloak and climbed up onto Ravenclaw\rquote s plinth to read them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote\i Wit beyond measure is man\rquote s greatest treasure.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\i\par
\i0\ldblquote Which makes you pretty skint, witless,\rdblquote  said a cackling voice.\par
Harry whirled around, slipped off the plinth, and landed on the floor. The sloping-shouldered figure of Alecto Carrow was standing before him, and even as Harry raised his wand, she pressed a stubby forefinger to the skull and snake branded on her forearm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 30\par
\pard\qc The Sacking of\par
Severus Snape\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
The moment her finger touched the Mark, Harry\rquote s scar burned savagely, the starry room vanished from sight, and he was standing upon an outcrop of rock beneath a cliff, and the sea was washing around him and there was triumph in his heart \emdash  \i They have the boy.\i0\par
A loud \i bang\i0  brought Harry back to where he stood: Disoriented, he raised his wand, but the witch before him was already falling forward; she hit the ground so hard that the glass in the bookcases tinkled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve never Stunned anyone except in our D.A. lessons,\rdblquote  said Luna, sounding mildly interested. \ldblquote That was noisier than I thought it would be.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And sure enough, the ceiling had begun to tremble. Scurrying, echoing footsteps were growing louder from behind the door lead\-ing to the dormitories: Luna\rquote s spell had woken Ravenclaws sleeping above.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Luna, where are you? I need to get under the Cloak!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Luna\rquote s feet appeared out of nowhere; he hurried to her side and she let the Cloak fall back over them as the door opened and a stream of Ravenclaws, all in their nightclothes, flooded into the common room. There were gasps and cries of surprise as they saw Alecto lying there unconscious. Slowly they shuffled in around her, a savage beast that might wake at any moment and attack them. Then one brave little first-year darted up to her and prodded her backside with his big toe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think she might be dead!\rdblquote  he shouted with delight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, look,\rdblquote  whispered Luna happily, as the Ravenclaws crowded in around Alecto. \ldblquote They\rquote re pleased!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 great\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry closed his eyes, and as his scar throbbed he chose to sink again into Voldemort\rquote s mind. \'85 He was moving along the tunnel into the first cave. \'85 He had chosen to make sure of the locket before coming \'85 but that would not take him long. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a rap on the common room door and every Ravenclaw froze. From the other side, Harry heard the soft, musical voice that issued from the eagle door knocker: \ldblquote Where do Vanished objects go?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno, do I? Shut it!\rdblquote  snarled an uncouth voice that Harry knew was that of the Carrow brother, Amycus. \ldblquote Alecto? \i Alecto\i0 ? Are you there? Have you got him? Open the door!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Ravenclaws were whispering amongst themselves, terrified. Then, without warning, there came a series of loud bangs, as though somebody was firing a gun into the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i ALECTO\i0 ! If he comes, and we haven\rquote t got Potter \emdash  d\rquote you want to go the same way as the Malfoys? ANSWER ME!\rdblquote  Amycus\lang3081  \lang1033 bellowed, shaking the door for all he was worth, but still it did not open. The Ravenclaws were all backing away, and some of the most frightened began scampering back up the staircase to their beds. Then, just as Harry was wondering whether he ought not to blast open the door and Stun Amycus before the Death Eater could do anything else, a second, most familiar voice rang out beyond the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote May I ask what you are doing, Professor Carrow?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Trying \emdash  to get \emdash  through this damned \emdash  door!\rdblquote  shouted Amycus. \ldblquote Go and get Flitwick! Get him to open it, now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But isn\rquote t your sister in there?\rdblquote  asked Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t Professor Flitwick let her in earlier this evening, at your urgent request? Perhaps she could open the door for you? Then you needn\rquote t wake up half the castle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She ain\rquote t answering, you old besom! \i You\i0  open it! Garn! Do it, now!\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly, if you wish it,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, with aw\-ful coldness. There was a genteel tap of the knocker and the musical voice asked again,\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where do Vanished objects go?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Into nonbeing, which is to say, everything,\rdblquote  replied Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nicely phrased,\rdblquote  replied the eagle door knocker, and the door swung open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The few Ravenclaws who had remained behind sprinted for the stairs as Amycus burst over the threshold, brandishing his wand. Hunched like his sister, he had a pallid, doughy face and tiny eyes, which fell at once on Alecto, sprawled motionless on the floor. He let out a yell of fury and fear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote ve they done, the little whelps?\rdblquote  he screamed. \ldblquote I\rquote ll Cruci\-ate the lot of\lang3081  \rquote\lang1033 em till they tell me who did it \emdash  and what\rquote s the Dark Lord going to say?\rdblquote  he shrieked, standing over his sister and smack\-ing himself on the forehead with his fist. \ldblquote We haven\rquote t got him, and they\rquote ve gorn and killed her!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s only Stunned,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall impatiently, who had stooped down to examine Alecto. \ldblquote She\rquote ll be perfectly all right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No she bludgering well won\rquote t!\rdblquote  bellowed Amycus. \ldblquote Not after the Dark Lord gets hold of her! She\rquote s gorn and sent for him, I felt me Mark burn, and he thinks we\rquote ve got Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Got Potter\rquote ?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall sharply. \ldblquote What do you mean, \lquote got Potter\rquote ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He told us Potter might try and get inside Ravenclaw Tower, and to send for him if we caught him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why would Harry Potter try to get inside Ravenclaw Tower? Potter belongs in my House!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Beneath the disbelief and anger, Harry heard a little strain of pride in her voice, and affection for Minerva McGonagall gushed up inside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We was told he might come in here!\rdblquote  said Carrow. \ldblquote I dunno why, do I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall stood up and her beady eyes swept the room. Twice they passed right over the place where Harry and Luna stood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can push it off on the kids,\rdblquote  said Amycus, his piglike face suddenly crafty. \ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote s what we\rquote ll do. We\rquote ll say Alecto was ambushed by the kids, them kids up there\rdblquote  \emdash  he looked up at the starry ceiling toward the dormitories \emdash  \ldblquote and we\rquote ll say they forced\lang3081  \lang1033 her to press her Mark, and that\rquote s why he got a false alarm. \'85 He can punish them. Couple of kids more or less, what\rquote s the difference?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Only the difference between truth and lies, courage and coward\-ice,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, who had turned pale, \ldblquote a difference, in short, which you and your sister seem unable to appreciate. But let me make one thing very clear. You are not going to pass off your many ineptitudes on the students of Hogwarts. I shall not permit it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Amycus moved forward until he was offensively close to Profes\-sor McGonagall, his face within inches of hers. She refused to back away, but looked down at him as if he were something disgusting she had found stuck to a lavatory seat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not a case of what \i you\rquote ll\i0  permit, Minerva McGonagall. Your time\rquote s over. It\rquote s us what\rquote s in charge here now, and you\rquote ll back me up or you\rquote ll pay the price.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he spat in her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled the Cloak off himself, raised his wand, and said, \ldblquote You shouldn\rquote t have done that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Amycus spun around, Harry shouted, \ldblquote\i Crucio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Death Eater was lifted off his feet. He writhed through the air like a drowning man, thrashing and howling in pain, and then, with a crunch and a shattering of glass, he smashed into the front of a bookcase and crumpled, insensible, to the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see what Bellatrix meant,\rdblquote  said Harry, the blood thundering through his brain, \ldblquote you need to really mean it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter!\rdblquote  whispered Professor McGonagall, clutching her heart. \ldblquote Potter \emdash  you\rquote re here! What \emdash  ? How \emdash  ?\rdblquote  She struggled to pull herself together. \ldblquote Potter, that was foolish!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He spat at you,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, I \emdash  that was very \emdash  very \i gallant\i0  of you \emdash  but don\rquote t you realize \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I do,\rdblquote  Harry assured her. Somehow her panic steadied him. \ldblquote Professor McGonagall, Voldemort\rquote s on the way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, are we allowed to say the name now?\rdblquote  asked Luna with an air of interest, pulling off the Invisibility Cloak. This appearance of a second outlaw seemed to overwhelm Professor McGonagall, who staggered backward and fell into a nearby chair, clutching at the neck of her old tartan dressing gown.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think it makes any difference what we call him,\rdblquote  Harry told Luna. \ldblquote He already knows where I am.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In a distant part of Harry\rquote s brain, that part connected to the an\-gry, burning scar, he could see Voldemort sailing fast over the dark lake in the ghostly green boat. \'85 He had nearly reached the island where the stone basin stood. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You must flee,\rdblquote  whispered Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Now, Potter, as quickly as you can!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote There\rquote s something I need to do. Professor, do you know where the diadem of Ravenclaw is?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The d-diadem of Ravenclaw? Of course not \emdash  hasn\rquote t it been lost for centuries?\rdblquote  She sat up a little straighter. \ldblquote Potter, it was madness, utter madness, for you to enter this castle \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had to,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Professor, there\rquote s something hidden here that I\rquote m supposed to find, and it \i could\i0  be the diadem \emdash  if I could just speak to Professor Flitwick \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a sound of movement, of clinking glass: Amycus was coming round. Before Harry or Luna could act, Professor McGona\-gall rose to her feet, pointed her wand at the groggy Death Eater, and said, \ldblquote\i Imperio.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Amycus got up, walked over to his sister, picked up her wand, then shuffled obediently to Professor McGonagall and handed it over along with his own. Then he lay down on the floor beside Alecto. Professor McGonagall waved her wand again, and a length of shim\-mering silver rope appeared out of thin air and snaked around the Carrows, binding them tightly together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, turning to face him again with superb indifference to the Carrows\rquote  predicament, \ldblquote if He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named does indeed know that you are here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As she said it, a wrath that was like physical pain blazed through Harry, setting his scar on fire, and for a second he looked down upon a basin whose potion had turned clear, and saw that no golden locket lay safe beneath the surface \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, are you all right?\rdblquote  said a voice, and Harry came back: He was clutching Luna\rquote s shoulder to steady himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Time\rquote s running out, Voldemort\rquote s getting nearer. Professor, I\rquote m acting on Dumbledore\rquote s orders, I must find what he wanted me to find! But we\rquote ve got to get the students out while I\rquote m searching the castle \emdash  it\rquote s me Voldemort wants, but he won\rquote t care about killing a few more or less, not now \emdash\rdblquote  \i not now he knows I\rquote m attacking Hor\-cruxes,\i0  Harry finished the sentence in his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re acting on \i Dumbledore\rquote s\i0  orders?\rdblquote  she repeated with a look of dawning wonder. Then she drew herself up to her fullest height.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We shall secure the school against He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named while you search for this \emdash  this object.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is that possible?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think so,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall dryly, \ldblquote we teachers are rather good at magic, you know. I am sure we will be able to hold\lang3081  \lang1033 him off for a while if we all put our best efforts into it. Of course, something will have to be done about Professor Snape \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Let me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and if Hogwarts is about to enter a state of siege, with the Dark Lord at the gates, it would indeed be advisable to take as many innocent people out of the way as possible. With the Floo Network under observation, and Apparition impossible within the grounds \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s a way,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, and he explained about the passageway leading into the Hog\rquote s Head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, we\rquote re talking about hundreds of students \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, Professor, but if Voldemort and the Death Eaters are concentrating on the school boundaries they won\rquote t be interested in anyone who\rquote s Disapparating out of the Hog\rquote s Head.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s something in that,\rdblquote  she agreed. She pointed her wand at the Carrows, and a silver net fell upon their bound bodies, tied itself around them, and hoisted them into the air, where they dangled beneath the blue-and-gold ceiling like two large, ugly sea creatures. \ldblquote Come. We must alert the other Heads of House. You\rquote d better put that Cloak back on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She marched toward the door, and as she did so she raised her wand. From the tip burst three silver cats with spectacle markings around their eyes. The Patronuses ran sleekly ahead, filling the spi\-ral staircase with silvery light, as Professor McGonagall, Harry, and Luna hurried back down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Along the corridors they raced, and one by one the Patronuses left them; Professor McGonagall\rquote s tartan dressing gown rustled over the floor, and Harry and Luna jogged behind her under the Cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had descended two more floors when another set of quiet footsteps joined theirs. Harry, whose scar was still prickling, heard them first: He felt in the pouch around his neck for the Marauder\rquote s Map, but before he could take it out, McGonagall too seemed to become aware of their company. She halted, raised her wand ready to duel, and said, \ldblquote Who\rquote s there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is I,\rdblquote  said a low voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 From behind a suit of armor stepped Severus Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hatred boiled up in Harry at the sight of him: He had forgotten the details of Snape\rquote s appearance in the magnitude of his crimes, forgotten how his greasy black hair hung in curtains around his thin face, how his black eyes had a dead, cold look. He was not wearing nightclothes, but was dressed in his usual black cloak, and he too was holding his wand ready for a fight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are the Carrows?\rdblquote  he asked quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wherever you told them to be, I expect, Severus,\rdblquote  said Profes\-sor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape stepped nearer, and his eyes flitted over Professor McGona\-gall into the air around her, as if he knew that Harry was there. Harry held his wand up too, ready to attack.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was under the impression,\rdblquote  said Snape, \ldblquote that Alecto had ap\-prehended an intruder.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote And what gave you that impression?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape made a slight flexing movement of his left arm, where the Dark Mark was branded into his skin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, but naturally,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote You Death Eat\-ers have your own private means of communication, I forgot.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape pretended not to have heard her. His eyes were still prob\-ing the air all about her, and he was moving gradually closer, with an air of hardly noticing what he was doing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did not know that it was your night to patrol the corridors, Minerva.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have some objection?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wonder what could have brought you out of your bed at this late hour?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought I heard a disturbance,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really? But all seems calm.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape looked into her eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you seen Harry Potter, Minerva? Because if you have, I must insist \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall moved faster than Harry could have be\-lieved: Her wand slashed through the air and for a split second Harry thought that Snape must crumple, unconscious, but the swiftness of his Shield Charm was such that McGonagall was thrown off bal\-ance. She brandished her wand at a torch on the wall and it flew out of its bracket: Harry, about to curse Snape, was forced to pull Luna out of the way of the descending flames, which became a ring of fire that filled the corridor and flew like a lasso at Snape \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then it was no longer fire, but a great black serpent that McGona\-gall blasted to smoke, which re-formed and solidified in seconds to become a swarm of pursuing daggers: Snape avoided them only by forcing the suit of armor in front of him, and with echoing clangs the daggers sank, one after another, into its breast \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Minerva!\rdblquote  said a squeaky voice, and looking behind him, still shielding Luna from flying spells, Harry saw Professors Flitwick and Sprout sprinting up the corridor toward them in their night\-clothes, with the enormous Professor Slughorn panting along at the rear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  squealed Flitwick, raising his wand. \ldblquote You\rquote ll do no more murder at Hogwarts!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Flitwick\rquote s spell hit the suit of armor behind which Snape had taken shelter: With a clatter it came to life. Snape struggled free of the crushing arms and sent it flying back toward his attackers: Harry and Luna had to dive sideways to avoid it as it smashed into the wall and shattered. When Harry looked up again, Snape was in full flight, McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout all thundering after him: He hurtled through a classroom door and, moments later, he heard McGonagall cry, \ldblquote Coward! \i COWARD\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s happened, what\rquote s happened?\rdblquote  asked Luna.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dragged her to her feet and they raced along the corri\-dor, trailing the Invisibility Cloak behind them, into the deserted classroom where Professors McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout were standing at a smashed window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He jumped,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall as Harry and Luna ran into the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mean he\rquote s \i dead\i0 ?\rdblquote  Harry sprinted to the window, ignoring Flitwick\rquote s and Sprout\rquote s yells of shock at his sudden appearance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, he\rquote s not dead,\rdblquote  said McGonagall bitterly. \ldblquote Unlike Dumble\-dore, he was still carrying a wand \'85 and he seems to have learned a few tricks from his master.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a tingle of horror, Harry saw in the distance a huge, batlike shape flying through the darkness toward the perimeter wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were heavy footfalls behind them, and a great deal of puff\-ing: Slughorn had just caught up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  he panted, massaging his immense chest beneath his\lang3081  \lang1033 emerald-green silk pajamas. \ldblquote My dear boy \'85 what a surprise \'85 Minerva, do please explain. \'85 Severus \'85 what\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Our headmaster is taking a short break,\rdblquote  said Professor McGona\-gall, pointing at the Snape-shaped hole in the window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor!\rdblquote  Harry shouted, his hands at his forehead. He could see the Inferi-filled lake sliding beneath him, and he felt the ghostly green boat bump into the underground shore, and Voldemort leapt from it with murder in his heart \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor, we\rquote ve got to barricade the school, he\rquote s coming now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is coming,\rdblquote  she told the other teachers. Sprout and Flitwick gasped; Slughorn let out a low groan. \ldblquote Potter has work to do in the castle on Dumbledore\rquote s orders. We need to put in place every protection of which we are capable while Potter does what he needs to do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You realize, of course, that nothing we do will be able to keep out You-Know-Who indefinitely?\rdblquote  squeaked Flitwick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But we can hold him up,\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Pomona,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, and between the two witches there passed a look of grim understanding. \ldblquote I sug\-gest we establish basic protection around the place, then gather our students and meet in the Great Hall. Most must be evacuated, though if any of those who are over age wish to stay and fight, I think they ought to be given the chance.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Agreed,\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout, already hurrying toward the door. \ldblquote I shall meet you in the Great Hall in twenty minutes with my House.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And as she jogged out of sight, they could hear her muttering, \ldblquote Tentacula. Devil\rquote s Snare. And Snargaluff pods \'85 yes, I\rquote d like to see the Death Eaters fighting those.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can act from here,\rdblquote  said Flitwick, and although he could barely see out of it, he pointed his wand through the smashed window and started muttering incantations of great complexity. Harry heard a weird rushing noise, as though Flitwick had unleashed the power of the wind into the grounds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor,\rdblquote  Harry said, approaching the little Charms master, \ldblquote Professor, I\rquote m sorry to interrupt, but this is important. Have you got any idea where the diadem of Ravenclaw is?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  \i Protego Horribilis\i0  \emdash  the diadem of Ravenclaw?\rdblquote  squeaked Flitwick. \ldblquote A little extra wisdom never goes amiss, Potter, but I hardly think it would be much use in \i this\i0  situation!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I only meant \emdash  do you know where it is? Have you ever seen it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seen it? Nobody has seen it in living memory! Long since lost, boy!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a mixture of desperate disappointment and panic. What, then, was the Horcrux?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We shall meet you and your Ravenclaws in the Great Hall, Filius!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, beckoning to Harry and Luna to follow her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had just reached the door when Slughorn rumbled into speech.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My word,\rdblquote  he puffed, pale and sweaty, his walrus mustache aquiver. \ldblquote What a to-do! I\rquote m not at all sure whether this is wise, Minerva. He is bound to find a way in, you know, and anyone who has tried to delay him will be in most grievous peril \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I shall expect you and the Slytherins in the Great Hall in twenty minutes, also,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote If you wish to leave with your students, we shall not stop you. But if any of you attempt\lang3081  \lang1033 to sabotage our resistance or take up arms against us within this castle, then, Horace, we duel to kill.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Minerva!\rdblquote  he said, aghast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The time has come for Slytherin House to decide upon its loyal\-ties,\rdblquote  interrupted Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Go and wake your stu\-dents, Horace.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not stay to watch Slughorn splutter: He and Luna ran after Professor McGonagall, who had taken up a position in the middle of the corridor and raised her wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Piertotum\i0  \emdash  oh, for heaven\rquote s sake, Filch, not \i now\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The aged caretaker had just come hobbling into view, shouting, \ldblquote Students out of bed! Students in the corridors!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re supposed to be, you blithering idiot!\rdblquote  shouted McGona\-gall. \ldblquote Now go and do something constructive! Find Peeves!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote P-Peeves?\rdblquote  stammered Filch as though he had never heard the name before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, \i Peeves,\i0  you fool, \i Peeves\i0 ! Haven\rquote t you been complaining about him for a quarter of a century? Go and fetch him, at once!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Filch evidently thought Professor McGonagall had taken leave of her senses, but hobbled away, hunch-shouldered, muttering under his breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now \emdash  \i Piertotum Locomotor\i0 !\rdblquote  cried Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And all along the corridor the statues and suits of armor jumped down from their plinths, and from the echoing crashes from the floors above and below, Harry knew that their fellows throughout the castle had done the same.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hogwarts is threatened!\rdblquote  shouted Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Man the boundaries, protect us, do your duty to our school!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Clattering and yelling, the horde of moving statues stampeded\lang3081  \lang1033 past Harry: some of them smaller, others larger, than life. There were animals too, and the clanking suits of armor brandished swords and spiked balls on chains.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, Potter,\rdblquote  said McGonagall, \ldblquote you and Miss Lovegood had better return to your friends and bring them to the Great Hall \emdash  I shall rouse the other Gryffindors.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They parted at the top of the next staircase, Harry and Luna running back toward the concealed entrance to the Room of Re\-quirement. As they ran, they met crowds of students, most wearing traveling cloaks over their pajamas, being shepherded down to the Great Hall by teachers and prefects.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Harry Potter\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was him, I swear, I just saw him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry did not look back, and at last they reached the entrance to the Room of Requirement. Harry leaned against the enchanted wall, which opened to admit them, and he and Luna sped back down the steep staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wh \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As the room came into view, Harry slipped down a few stairs in shock. It was packed, far more crowded than when he had last been in there. Kingsley and Lupin were looking up at him, as were Oliver Wood, Katie Bell, Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet, Bill and Fleur, and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, what\rquote s happening?\rdblquote  said Lupin, meeting him at the foot of the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort\rquote s on his way, they\rquote re barricading the school \emdash  Snape\rquote s run for it \emdash  What are you doing here? How did you know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We sent messages to the rest of Dumbledore\rquote s Army,\rdblquote  Fred\lang3081  \lang1033 explained. \ldblquote You couldn\rquote t expect everyone to miss the fun, Harry, and the D.A. let the Order of the Phoenix know, and it all kind of snowballed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What first, Harry?\rdblquote  called George. \ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re evacuating the younger kids and everyone\rquote s meeting in the Great Hall to get organized,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote We\rquote re fighting.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a great roar and a surge toward the foot of the stairs; he was pressed back against the wall as they ran past him, the mingled members of the Order of the Phoenix, Dumbledore\rquote s Army, and Harry\rquote s old Quidditch team, all with their wands drawn, heading up into the main castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, Luna,\rdblquote  Dean called as he passed, holding out his free hand; she took it and followed him back up the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The crowd was thinning: Only a little knot of people remained below in the Room of Requirement, and Harry joined them. Mrs. Weasley was struggling with Ginny. Around them stood Lupin, Fred, George, Bill, and Fleur.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re underage!\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley shouted at her daughter as Harry approached. \ldblquote I won\rquote t permit it! The boys, yes, but you, you\rquote ve got to go home!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I won\rquote t!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny\rquote s hair flew as she pulled her arm out of her mother\rquote s grip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m in Dumbledore\rquote s Army \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A teenagers\rquote  gang!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A teenagers\rquote  gang that\rquote s about to take him on, which no one else has dared to do!\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s sixteen!\rdblquote  shouted Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote She\rquote s not old enough! What you two were thinking, bringing her with you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George looked slightly ashamed of themselves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum\rquote s right, Ginny,\rdblquote  said Bill gently. \ldblquote You can\rquote t do this. Every\-one underage will have to leave, it\rquote s only right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t go home!\rdblquote  Ginny shouted, angry tears sparkling in her eyes. \ldblquote My whole family\rquote s here, I can\rquote t stand waiting there alone and not knowing and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her eyes met Harry\rquote s for the first time. She looked at him be\-seechingly, but he shook his head and she turned away bitterly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  she said, staring at the entrance to the tunnel back to the Hog\rquote s Head. \ldblquote I\rquote ll say good-bye now, then, and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a scuffling and a great thump: Someone else had clam\-bered out of the tunnel, overbalanced slightly, and fallen. He pulled himself up on the nearest chair, looked around through lopsided horn-rimmed glasses, and said, \ldblquote Am I too late? Has it started? I only just found out, so I \emdash  I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Percy spluttered into silence. Evidently he had not expected to run into most of his family. There was a long moment of astonishment, broken by Fleur turning to Lupin and saying, in a wildly transparent attempt to break the tension, \ldblquote So \emdash  \rquote ow eez leetle Teddy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin blinked at her, startled. The silence between the Weasleys seemed to be solidifying, like ice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  oh yes \emdash  he\rquote s fine!\rdblquote  Lupin said loudly. \ldblquote Yes, Tonks is with him \emdash  at her mother\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Percy and the other Weasleys were still staring at one another, frozen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here, I\rquote ve got a picture!\rdblquote  Lupin shouted, pulling a photograph from inside his jacket and showing it to Fleur and Harry, who saw a tiny baby with a tuft of bright turquoise hair, waving fat fists at the camera.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was a fool!\rdblquote  Percy roared, so loudly that Lupin nearly dropped\lang3081  \lang1033 his photograph. \ldblquote I was an idiot, I was a pompous prat, I was a \emdash  a \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ministry-loving, family-disowning, power-hungry moron,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Percy swallowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I was!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you can\rquote t say fairer than that,\rdblquote  said Fred, holding out his hand to Percy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley burst into tears. She ran forward, pushed Fred aside, and pulled Percy into a strangling hug, while he patted her on the back, his eyes on his father.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, Dad,\rdblquote  Percy said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley blinked rather rapidly, then he too hurried to hug his son.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What made you see sense, Perce?\rdblquote  inquired George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s been coming on for a while,\rdblquote  said Percy, mopping his eyes under his glasses with a corner of his traveling cloak. \ldblquote But I had to find a way out and it\rquote s not so easy at the Ministry, they\rquote re imprison\-ing traitors all the time. I managed to make contact with Aberforth and he tipped me off ten minutes ago that Hogwarts was going to make a fight of it, so here I am.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we do look to our prefects to take a lead at times such as these,\rdblquote  said George in a good imitation of Percy\rquote s most pompous manner. \ldblquote Now let\rquote s get upstairs and fight, or all the good Death Eaters\rquote ll be taken.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, you\rquote re my sister-in-law now?\rdblquote  said Percy, shaking hands with Fleur as they hurried off toward the staircase with Bill, Fred, and George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny!\rdblquote  barked Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny had been attempting, under cover of the reconciliation, to sneak upstairs too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly, how about this,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Why doesn\rquote t Ginny stay here, then at least she\rquote ll be on the scene and know what\rquote s going on, but she won\rquote t be in the middle of the fighting?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s a good idea,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley firmly. \ldblquote Ginny, you stay in this room, you hear me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny did not seem to like the idea much, but under her father\rquote s unusually stern gaze, she nodded. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Lupin headed off for the stairs as well.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Ron?\rdblquote  asked Harry. \ldblquote Where\rquote s Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They must have gone up to the Great Hall already,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley called over his shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t see them pass me,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They said something about a bathroom,\rdblquote  said Ginny, \ldblquote not long after you left.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A bathroom?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry strode across the room to an open door leading off the Room of Requirement and checked the bathroom beyond. It was empty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re sure they said bath \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But then his scar seared and the Room of Requirement vanished: He was looking through the high wrought-iron gates with winged boars on pillars at either side, looking through the dark grounds toward the castle, which was ablaze with lights. Nagini lay draped over his shoulders. He was possessed of that cold, cruel sense of purpose that preceded murder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 31\par
\pard\qc The Battle Of Hogwarts\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
The enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall was dark and scat\-tered with stars, and below it the four long House tables were lined with disheveled students, some in traveling cloaks, others in dressing gowns. Here and there shone the pearly white figures of the school ghosts. Every eye, living and dead, was fixed upon Profes\-sor McGonagall, who was speaking from the raised platform at the top of the Hall. Behind her stood the remaining teachers, including the palomino centaur, Firenze, and the members of the Order of the Phoenix who had arrived to fight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 evacuation will be overseen by Mr. Filch and Madam Pom\-frey. Prefects, when I give the word, you will organize your House and take your charges, in an orderly fashion, to the evacuation point.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Many of the students looked petrified. However, as Harry skirted the walls, scanning the Gryffindor table for Ron and Hermione, Ernie Macmillan stood up at the Hufflepuff table and shouted, \ldblquote And what if we want to stay and fight?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a smattering of applause.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you are of age, you may stay,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about our things?\rdblquote  called a girl at the Ravenclaw table. \ldblquote Our trunks, our owls?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We have no time to collect possessions,\rdblquote  said Professor McGona\-gall. \ldblquote The important thing is to get you out of here safely.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Professor Snape?\rdblquote  shouted a girl from the Slytherin table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He has, to use the common phrase, done a bunk,\rdblquote  replied Pro\-fessor McGonagall, and a great cheer erupted from the Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, and Ravenclaws.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry moved up the Hall alongside the Gryffindor table, still looking for Ron and Hermione. As he passed, faces turned in his direction, and a great deal of whispering broke out in his wake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We have already placed protection around the castle,\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall was saying, \ldblquote but it is unlikely to hold for very long un\-less we reinforce it. I must ask you, therefore, to move quickly and calmly, and do as your prefects \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But her final words were drowned as a different voice echoed throughout the Hall. It was high, cold, and clear: There was no telling from where it came; it seemed to issue from the walls them\-selves. Like the monster it had once commanded, it might have lain dormant there for centuries.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know that you are preparing to fight.\rdblquote  There were screams amongst the students, some of whom clutched each other, look\-ing around in terror for the source of the sound. \ldblquote Your efforts are futile. You cannot fight me. I do not want to kill you. I have great respect for the teachers of Hogwarts. I do not want to spill magical blood.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence in the Hall now, the kind of silence that presses against the eardrums, that seems too huge to be contained by walls.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give me Harry Potter,\rdblquote  said Voldemort\rquote s voice, \ldblquote and none shall be harmed. Give me Harry Potter, and I shall leave the school un\-touched. Give me Harry Potter, and you will be rewarded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have until midnight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The silence swallowed them all again. Every head turned, every eye in the place seemed to have found Harry, to hold him frozen in the glare of thousands of invisible beams. Then a figure rose from the Slytherin table and he recognized Pansy Parkinson as she raised a shaking arm and screamed, \ldblquote But he\rquote s there! Potter\rquote s \i there\i0 ! Someone grab him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before Harry could speak, there was a massive movement. The Gryffindors in front of him had risen and stood facing, not Harry, but the Slytherins. Then the Hufflepuffs stood, and almost at the same moment, the Ravenclaws, all of them with their backs to Harry, all of them looking toward Pansy instead, and Harry, awe\-struck and overwhelmed, saw wands emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloaks and from under sleeves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Miss Parkinson,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall in a clipped voice. \ldblquote You will leave the Hall first with Mr. Filch. If the rest of your House could follow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry heard the grinding of benches and then the sound of the Slytherins trooping out on the other side of the Hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ravenclaws, follow on!\rdblquote  cried Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slowly the four tables emptied. The Slytherin table was com\-pletely deserted, but a number of older Ravenclaws remained seated while their fellows filed out; even more Hufflepuffs stayed behind,\lang3081  \lang1033 and half of Gryffindor remained in their seats, necessitating Profes\-sor McGonagall\rquote s descent from the teachers\rquote  platform to chivvy the underage on their way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Absolutely not, Creevey, go! \i And\i0  you, Peakes!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hurried over to the Weasleys, all sitting together at the Gryffindor table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are Ron and Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Haven\rquote t you found \emdash  ?\rdblquote  began Mr. Weasley, looking worried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he broke off as Kingsley had stepped forward on the raised platform to address those who had remained behind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve only got half an hour until midnight, so we need to act fast! A battle plan has been agreed between the teachers of Hog\-warts and the Order of the Phoenix. Professors Flitwick, Sprout, and McGonagall are going to take groups of fighters up to the three highest towers \emdash  Ravenclaw, Astronomy, and Gryffindor \emdash  where they\rquote ll have a good overview, excellent positions from which to work spells. Meanwhile Remus\rdblquote  \emdash  he indicated Lupin \emdash  \ldblquote Arthur\rdblquote  \emdash  he pointed toward Mr. Weasley, sitting at the Gryffindor table \emdash  \ldblquote and I will take groups into the grounds. We\rquote ll need somebody to organize defense of the entrances of the passageways into the school \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sounds like a job for us,\rdblquote  called Fred, indicating himself and George, and Kingsley nodded his approval.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, leaders up here and we\rquote ll divide up the troops!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, hurrying up to him, as stu\-dents flooded the platform, jostling for position, receiving instruc\-tions, \ldblquote\i Aren\rquote t you supposed to be looking for something\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? Oh,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote oh yeah!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had almost forgotten about the Horcrux, almost forgotten that the battle was being fought so that he could search for it: The\lang3081  \lang1033 inexplicable absence of Ron and Hermione had momentarily driven every other thought from his mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then go, Potter, go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right \emdash  yeah \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sensed eyes following him as he ran out of the Great Hall again, into the entrance hall still crowded with evacuating students. He allowed himself to be swept up the marble staircase with them, but at the top he hurried off along a deserted corridor. Fear and panic were clouding his thought processes. He tried to calm himself, to concentrate on finding the Horcrux, but his thoughts buzzed as frantically and fruitlessly as wasps trapped beneath a glass. Without Ron and Hermione to help him he could not seem to marshal his ideas. He slowed down, coming to a halt halfway along an empty passage, where he sat down upon the plinth of a departed statue and pulled the Marauder\rquote s Map out of the pouch around his neck. He could not see Ron\rquote s or Hermione\rquote s names anywhere on it, though the density of the crowd of dots now making its way to the Room of Requirement might, he thought, be concealing them. He put the map away, pressed his hands over his face, and closed his eyes, trying to concentrate. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Voldemort thought \lang3081 I\rquote\lang1033 d\lang3081  \lang1033 go to Ravenclaw Tower.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 There it was: a solid fact, the place to start. Voldemort had sta\-tioned Alecto Carrow in the Ravenclaw common room, and there could only be one explanation: Voldemort feared that Harry already knew his Horcrux was connected to that House.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the only object anyone seemed to associate with Ravenclaw was the lost diadem \'85 and how could the Horcrux be the diadem? How was it possible that Voldemort, the Slytherin, had found the diadem that had eluded generations of Ravenclaws? Who could\lang3081  \lang1033 have told him where to look, when nobody had seen the diadem in living memory?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i In living memory\i0  \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Beneath his fingers, Harry\rquote s eyes flew open again. He leapt up from the plinth and tore back the way he had come, now in pursuit of his one last hope. The sound of hundreds of people marching toward the Room of Requirement grew louder and louder as he returned to the marble stairs. Prefects were shouting instructions, trying to keep track of the students in their own Houses; there was much pushing and shoving; Harry saw Zacharias Smith bowl\-ing over first-years to get to the front of the queue; here and there younger students were in tears, while older ones called desperately for friends or siblings. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry caught sight of a pearly white figure drifting across the en\-trance hall below and yelled as loudly as he could over the clamor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nick! NICK! I need to talk to you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He forced his way back through the tide of students, finally reach\-ing the bottom of the stairs, where Nearly Headless Nick, ghost of Gryffindor Tower, stood waiting for him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! My dear boy!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nick made to grasp Harry\rquote s hands with both of his own: Harry\rquote s felt as though they had been thrust into icy water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nick, you\rquote ve got to help me. Who\rquote s the ghost of Ravenclaw Tower?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nearly Headless Nick looked surprised and a little offended.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Gray Lady, of course; but if it is ghostly services you require \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s got to be her \emdash  d\rquote you know where she is?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s see. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nick\rquote s head wobbled a little on his ruff as he turned hither and thither, peering over the heads of the swarming students.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s her over there, Harry, the young woman with the long hair.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked in the direction of Nick\rquote s transparent, pointing finger and saw a tall ghost who caught sight of Harry looking at her, raised her eyebrows, and drifted away through a solid wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry ran after her. Once through the door of the corridor into which she had disappeared, he saw her at the very end of the pas\-sage, still gliding smoothly away from him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey \emdash  wait \emdash  come back!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She consented to pause, floating a few inches from the ground. Harry supposed that she was beautiful, with her waist-length hair and floor-length cloak, but she also looked haughty and proud. Close to, he recognized her as a ghost he had passed several times in the corridor, but to whom he had never spoken.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re the Gray Lady?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She nodded but did not speak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The ghost of Ravenclaw Tower?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That is correct.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her tone was not encouraging.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please: I need some help. I need to know anything you can tell me about the lost diadem.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A cold smile curved her lips.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am afraid,\rdblquote  she said, turning to leave, \ldblquote that I cannot help you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WAIT!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had not meant to shout, but anger and panic were threatening to overwhelm him. He glanced at his watch as she hovered in front of him: It was a quarter to midnight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is urgent,\rdblquote  he said fiercely. \ldblquote If that diadem\rquote s at Hogwarts, I\rquote ve got to find it, fast.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are hardly the first student to covet the diadem,\rdblquote  she said disdainfully. \ldblquote Generations of students have badgered me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This isn\rquote t about trying to get better marks!\rdblquote  Harry shouted at her. \ldblquote It\rquote s about Voldemort \emdash  defeating Voldemort \emdash  or aren\rquote t you interested in that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She could not blush, but her transparent cheeks became more opaque, and her voice was heated as she replied, \ldblquote Of course I \emdash  how dare you suggest \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, help me, then!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her composure was slipping.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It \emdash  it is not a question of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote  she stammered. \ldblquote My mother\rquote s diadem \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your \i mother\rquote s\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked angry with herself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When I lived,\rdblquote  she said stiffly, \ldblquote I was Helena Ravenclaw.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re her \i daughter\i0 ? But then, you must know what happened to it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote While the diadem bestows wisdom,\rdblquote  she said with an obvious effort to pull herself together, \ldblquote I doubt that it would greatly increase your chances of defeating the wizard who calls himself Lord \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Haven\rquote t I just told you, I\rquote m not interested in wearing it!\rdblquote  Harry said fiercely. \ldblquote There\rquote s no time to explain \emdash  but if you care about Hogwarts, if you want to see Voldemort finished, you\rquote ve got to tell me anything you know about the diadem!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She remained quite still, floating in midair, staring down at him, and a sense of hopelessness engulfed Harry. Of course, if she had known anything, she would have told Flitwick or Dumbledore, who\lang3081  \lang1033 had surely asked her the same question. He had shaken his head and made to turn away when she spoke in a low voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I stole the diadem from my mother.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  you did what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i I stole the diadem,\i0\rdblquote  repeated Helena Ravenclaw in a whisper. \ldblquote I sought to make myself cleverer, more important than my mother. I ran away with it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not know how he had managed to gain her confidence, and did not ask; he simply listened, hard, as she went on:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My mother, they say, never admitted that the diadem was gone, but pretended that she had it still. She concealed her loss, my dread\-ful betrayal, even from the other founders of Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then my mother fell ill \emdash  fatally ill. In spite of my perfidy, she was desperate to see me one more time. She sent a man who had long loved me, though I spurned his advances, to find me. She knew that he would not rest until he had done so.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry waited. She drew a deep breath and threw back her head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He tracked me to the forest where I was hiding. When I refused to return with him, he became violent. The Baron was always a hot-tempered man. Furious at my refusal, jealous of my freedom, he stabbed me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The \i Baron\i0 ? You mean \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Bloody Baron, yes,\rdblquote  said the Gray Lady, and she lifted aside the cloak she wore to reveal a single dark wound in her white chest. \ldblquote When he saw what he had done, he was overcome with remorse. He took the weapon that had claimed my life, and used it to kill himself. All these centuries later, he wears his chains as an act of penitence \'85 as he should,\rdblquote  she added bitterly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And \'85 and the diadem?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It remained where I had hidden it when I heard the Baron blun\-dering through the forest toward me. Concealed inside a hollow tree.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A hollow tree?\rdblquote  repeated Harry. \ldblquote What tree? Where was this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A forest in Albania. A lonely place I thought was far beyond my mother\rquote s reach.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Albania,\rdblquote  repeated Harry. Sense was emerging miraculously from confusion, and now he understood why she was telling him what she had denied Dumbledore and Flitwick. \ldblquote You\rquote ve already told someone this story, haven\rquote t you? Another student?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She closed her eyes and nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I had \'85 no idea. \'85 He was \'85 flattering. He seemed to \'85 to understand \'85 to sympathize. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yes, Harry thought, Tom Riddle would certainly have understood Helena Ravenclaw\rquote s desire to possess fabulous objects to which she had little right.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you weren\rquote t the first person Riddle wormed things out of,\rdblquote  Harry muttered. \ldblquote He could be charming when he wanted. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 So Voldemort had managed to wheedle the location of the lost diadem out of the Gray Lady. He had traveled to that far-flung forest and retrieved the diadem from its hiding place, perhaps as soon as he left Hogwarts, before he even started work at Borgin and Burkes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And wouldn\rquote t those secluded Albanian woods have seemed an excellent refuge when, so much later, Voldemort had needed a place to lie low, undisturbed, for ten long years?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the diadem, once it became his precious Horcrux, had not\lang3081  \lang1033 been left in that lowly tree. \'85 No, the diadem had been returned secretly to its true home, and Voldemort must have put it there \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  the night he asked for a job!\rdblquote  said Harry, finishing his thought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I beg your pardon?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He hid the diadem in the castle, the night he asked Dumble\-dore to let him teach!\rdblquote  said Harry. Saying it out loud enabled him to make sense of it all. \ldblquote He must\rquote ve hidden the diadem on his way up to, or down from, Dumbledore\rquote s office! But it was still worth trying to get the job \emdash  then he might\rquote ve got the chance to nick Gryffindor\rquote s sword as well \emdash  thank you, thanks!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry left her floating there, looking utterly bewildered. As he rounded the corner back into the entrance hall, he checked his watch. It was five minutes until midnight, and though he now knew \i what\i0  the last Horcrux was, he was no closer to discovering \i where\i0  it was. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Generations of students had failed to find the diadem; that sug\-gested that it was not in Ravenclaw Tower \emdash  but if not there, where? What hiding place had Tom Riddle discovered inside Hogwarts Castle, that he believed would remain secret forever?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lost in desperate speculation, Harry turned a corner, but he had taken only a few steps down the new corridor when the window to his left broke open with a deafening, shattering crash. As he leapt aside, a gigantic body flew in through the window and hit the op\-posite wall. Something large and furry detached itself, whimpering, from the new arrival and flung itself at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid!\rdblquote  Harry bellowed, fighting off Fang the boarhound\rquote s attentions as the enormous bearded figure clambered to his feet. \ldblquote What the \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, yer here! \i Yer here\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid stooped down, bestowed upon Harry a cursory and rib-cracking hug, then ran back to the shattered window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good boy, Grawpy!\rdblquote  he bellowed through the hole in the win\-dow. \ldblquote I\rquote ll see yer in a moment, there\rquote s a good lad!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Beyond Hagrid, out in the dark night, Harry saw bursts of light in the distance and heard a weird, keening scream. He looked down at his watch: It was midnight. The battle had begun.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, Harry,\rdblquote  panted Hagrid, \ldblquote this is it, eh? Time ter fight?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, where have you come from?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Heard You-Know-Who from up in our cave,\rdblquote  said Hagrid grimly. \ldblquote Voice carried, didn\rquote  it? \lquote Yeh got till midnight ter gimme Potter.\rquote  Knew yeh mus\rquote  be here, knew what mus\rquote  be happenin\rquote . Get \i down,\i0  Fang. So we come ter join in, me an\rquote  Grawpy an\rquote  Fang. Smashed our way through the boundary by the forest, Grawpy was carryin\rquote  us, Fang an\rquote  me. Told him ter let me down at the castle, so he shoved me through the window, bless him. Not exac\rquote ly what I meant, bu\rquote  \emdash  where\rquote s Ron an\rquote  Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote is a really good question. Come on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They hurried together along the corridor, Fang lolloping beside them. Harry could hear movement through the corridors all around: running footsteps, shouts; through the windows, he could see more flashes of light in the dark grounds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote re we goin\rquote ?\rdblquote  puffed Hagrid, pounding along at Harry\rquote s heels, making the floorboards quake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno exactly,\rdblquote  said Harry, making another random turn, \ldblquote but Ron and Hermione must be around here somewhere. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The first casualties of the battle were already strewn across the passage ahead: The two stone gargoyles that usually guarded the entrance to the staffroom had been smashed apart by a jinx that\lang3081  \lang1033 had sailed through another broken window. Their remains stirred feebly on the floor, and as Harry leapt over one of their disembodied heads, it moaned faintly, \ldblquote Oh, don\rquote t mind me \'85 I\rquote ll just lie here and crumble. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Its ugly stone face made Harry think suddenly of the marble bust of Rowena Ravenclaw at Xenophilius\rquote s house, wearing that mad headdress \emdash  and then of the statue in Ravenclaw Tower, with the stone diadem upon her white curls. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And as he reached the end of the passage, the memory of a third stone effigy came back to him: that of an ugly old warlock, onto whose head Harry himself had placed a wig and a battered old tiara. The shock shot through Harry with the heat of firewhisky, and he nearly stumbled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He knew, at last, where the Horcrux sat waiting for him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tom Riddle, who confided in no one and operated alone, might have been arrogant enough to assume that he, and only he, had penetrated the deepest mysteries of Hogwarts Castle. Of course, Dumbledore and Flitwick, those model pupils, had never set foot in that particular place, but he, Harry, had strayed off the beaten track in his time at school \emdash  here at last was a secret he and Voldemort knew, that Dumbledore had never discovered \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was roused by Professor Sprout, who was thundering past followed by Neville and half a dozen others, all of them wearing earmuffs and carrying what appeared to be large potted plants.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mandrakes!\rdblquote  Neville bellowed at Harry over his shoulder as he ran. \ldblquote Going to lob them over the walls \emdash  they won\rquote t like this!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry knew now where to go: He sped off, with Hagrid and Fang galloping behind him. They passed portrait after portrait, and the\lang3081  \lang1033 painted figures raced alongside them, wizards and witches in ruffs and breeches, in armor and cloaks, cramming themselves into each others\rquote  canvases, screaming news from other parts of the castle. As they reached the end of this corridor, the whole castle shook, and Harry knew, as a gigantic vase blew off its plinth with explosive force, that it was in the grip of enchantments more sinister than those of the teachers and the Order.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all righ\rquote , Fang \emdash  it\rquote s all righ\rquote !\rdblquote  yelled Hagrid, but the great boarhound had taken flight as slivers of china flew like shrapnel through the air, and Hagrid pounded off after the terrified dog, leaving Harry alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He forged on through the trembling passages, his wand at the ready, and for the length of one corridor the little painted knight, Sir Cadogan, rushed from painting to painting beside him, clank\-ing along in his armor, screaming encouragement, his fat little pony cantering behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Braggarts and rogues, dogs and scoundrels, drive them out, Harry Potter, see them off!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hurtled around a corner and found Fred and a small knot of students, including Lee Jordan and Hannah Abbott, standing beside another empty plinth, whose statue had concealed a secret passageway. Their wands were drawn and they were listening at the concealed hole.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nice night for it!\rdblquote  Fred shouted as the castle quaked again, and Harry sprinted by, elated and terrified in equal measure. Along yet another corridor he dashed, and then there were owls everywhere, and Mrs. Norris was hissing and trying to bat them with her paws, no doubt to return them to their proper place. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aberforth Dumbledore stood blocking the corridor ahead, his wand held ready.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve had hundreds of kids thundering through my pub, Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, we\rquote re evacuating,\rdblquote  Harry said, \ldblquote Voldemort\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  attacking because they haven\rquote t handed you over, yeah,\rdblquote  said Aberforth, \ldblquote I\rquote m not deaf, the whole of Hogsmeade heard him. And it never occurred to any of you to keep a few Slytherins hostage? There are kids of Death Eaters you\rquote ve just sent to safety. Wouldn\rquote t it have been a bit smarter to keep \rquote em here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It wouldn\rquote t stop Voldemort,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote and your brother would never have done it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aberforth grunted and tore away in the opposite direction.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Your brother would never have done it. \'85\i0  Well, it was the truth, Harry thought as he ran on again; Dumbledore, who had defended Snape for so long, would never have held students ransom. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then he skidded around a final corner and with a yell of mingled relief and fury he saw them: Ron and Hermione, both with their arms full of large, curved, dirty yellow objects, Ron with a broomstick under his arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where the \i hell\i0  have you been?\rdblquote  Harry shouted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Chamber of Secrets,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Chamber \emdash  \i what\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry, coming to an unsteady halt before them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was Ron, all Ron\rquote s idea!\rdblquote  said Hermione breathlessly. \ldblquote Wasn\rquote t it absolutely brilliant? There we were, after you left, and I said to Ron, even if we find the other one, how are we going to get rid of it? We still hadn\rquote t got rid of the cup! And then he thought of it! The basilisk!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What the \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Something to get rid of Horcruxes,\rdblquote  said Ron simply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s eyes dropped to the objects clutched in Ron and Hermi\-one\rquote s arms: great curved fangs, torn, he now realized, from the skull of a dead basilisk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how did you get in there?\rdblquote  he asked, staring from the fangs to Ron. \ldblquote You need to speak Parseltongue!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He did!\rdblquote  whispered Hermione. \ldblquote Show him, Ron!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron made a horrible strangled hissing noise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s what you did to open the locket,\rdblquote  he told Harry apologeti\-cally. \ldblquote I had to have a few goes to get it right, but,\rdblquote  he shrugged modestly, \ldblquote we got there in the end.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was \i amazing.\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Amazing!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \'85\rdblquote  Harry was struggling to keep up. \ldblquote So \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So we\rquote re another Horcrux down,\rdblquote  said Ron, and from under his jacket he pulled the mangled remains of Hufflepuff\rquote s cup. \ldblquote Hermione stabbed it. Thought she should. She hasn\rquote t had the pleasure yet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Genius!\rdblquote  yelled Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was nothing,\rdblquote  said Ron, though he looked delighted with himself. \ldblquote So what\rquote s new with you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As he said it, there was an explosion from overhead: All three of them looked up as dust fell from the ceiling and they heard a distant scream.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know what the diadem looks like, and I know where it is,\rdblquote  said Harry, talking fast. \ldblquote He hid it exactly where I hid my old Potions book, where everyone\rquote s been hiding stuff for centuries. He thought he was the only one to find it. Come on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As the walls trembled again, he led the other two back through the concealed entrance and down the staircase into the Room of\lang3081  \lang1033 Requirement. It was empty except for three women: Ginny, Tonks, and an elderly witch wearing a moth-eaten hat, whom Harry rec\-ognized immediately as Neville\rquote s grandmother.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, Potter,\rdblquote  she said crisply as if she had been waiting for him. \ldblquote You can tell us what\rquote s going on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is everyone okay?\rdblquote  said Ginny and Tonks together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote S far as we know,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Are there still people in the pas\-sage to the Hog\rquote s Head?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He knew that the room would not be able to transform while there were still users inside it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was the last to come through,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Longbottom. \ldblquote I sealed it, I think it unwise to leave it open now Aberforth has left his pub. Have you seen my grandson?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s fighting,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Naturally,\rdblquote  said the old lady proudly. \ldblquote Excuse me, I must go and assist him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With surprising speed she trotted off toward the stone steps.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at Tonks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you were supposed to be with Teddy at your mother\rquote s?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I couldn\rquote t stand not knowing \emdash\rdblquote  Tonks looked anguished. \ldblquote She\rquote ll look after him \emdash  have you seen Remus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was planning to lead a group of fighters into the grounds \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Without another word, Tonks sped off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, but we need you to leave too. Just for a bit. Then you can come back in.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny looked simply delighted to leave her sanctuary.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then you can come back in!\rdblquote  he shouted after her as she ran up the steps after Tonks. \ldblquote\i You\rquote ve got to come back in\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on a moment!\rdblquote  said Ron sharply. \ldblquote We\rquote ve forgotten someone!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who?\rdblquote  asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The house-elves, they\rquote ll all be down in the kitchen, won\rquote t they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mean we ought to get them fighting?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron seriously, \ldblquote I mean we should tell them to get out. We don\rquote t want any more Dobbies, do we? We can\rquote t order them to die for us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a clatter as the basilisk fangs cascaded out of Hermi\-one\rquote s arms. Running at Ron, she flung them around his neck and kissed him full on the mouth. Ron threw away the fangs and broom\-stick he was holding and responded with such enthusiasm that he lifted Hermione off her feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is this the moment?\rdblquote  Harry asked weakly, and when nothing happened except that Ron and Hermione gripped each other still more firmly and swayed on the spot, he raised his voice. \ldblquote OI! There\rquote s a war going on here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione broke apart, their arms still around each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know, mate,\rdblquote  said Ron, who looked as though he had recently been hit on the back of the head with a Bludger, \ldblquote so it\rquote s now or never, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Never mind that, what about the Horcrux?\rdblquote  Harry shouted. \ldblquote D\rquote you think you could just \emdash  just hold it in until we\rquote ve got the diadem?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \emdash  right \emdash  sorry \emdash\rdblquote  said Ron, and he and Hermione set about gathering up fangs, both pink in the face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was clear, as the three of them stepped back into the corridor upstairs, that in the minutes that they had spent in the Room of Requirement the situation within the castle had deteriorated se\-verely: The walls and ceiling were shaking worse than ever; dust filled the air, and through the nearest window, Harry saw bursts of green and red light so close to the foot of the castle that he knew the Death Eaters must be very near to entering the place. Look\-ing down, Harry saw Grawp the giant meandering past, swinging what looked like a stone gargoyle torn from the roof and roaring his displeasure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s hope he steps on some of them!\rdblquote  said Ron as more screams echoed from close by.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As long as it\rquote s not any of our lot!\rdblquote  said a voice: Harry turned and saw Ginny and Tonks, both with their wands drawn at the next win\-dow, which was missing several panes. Even as he watched, Ginny sent a well-aimed jinx into a crowd of fighters below.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good girl!\rdblquote  roared a figure running through the dust toward them, and Harry saw Aberforth again, his gray hair flying as he led a small group of students past. \ldblquote They look like they might be breach\-ing the north battlements, they\rquote ve brought giants of their own!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you seen Remus?\rdblquote  Tonks called after him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was dueling Dolohov,\rdblquote  shouted Aberforth, \ldblquote haven\rquote t seen him since!\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tonks,\rdblquote  said Ginny, \ldblquote Tonks, I\rquote m sure he\rquote s okay \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Tonks had run off into the dust after Aberforth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny turned, helpless, to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote ll be all right,\rdblquote  said Harry, though he knew they were\lang3081  \lang1033 empty words. \ldblquote Ginny, we\rquote ll be back in a moment, just keep out of the way, keep safe \emdash  come on!\rdblquote  he said to Ron and Hermione, and they ran back to the stretch of wall beyond which the Room of Requirement was waiting to do the bidding of the next entrant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I need the place where everything is hidden,\i0  Harry begged of it in\-side his head, and the door materialized on their third run past.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The furor of the battle died the moment they crossed the thresh\-old and closed the door behind them: All was silent. They were in a place the size of a cathedral with the appearance of a city, its towering walls built of objects hidden by thousands of long-gone students.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And he never realized \i anyone\i0  could get in?\rdblquote  said Ron, his voice echoing in the silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He thought he was the only one,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Too bad for him I\rquote ve had to hide stuff in my time \'85 this way,\rdblquote  he added, \ldblquote I think it\rquote s down here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He passed the stuffed troll and the Vanishing Cabinet Draco Malfoy had mended last year with such disastrous consequences, then hesitated, looking up and down aisles of junk; he could not remember where to go next. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Accio Diadem\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 cried Hermione in desperation, but nothing flew through the air toward them. It seemed that, like the vault at Grin\-gotts, the room would not yield its hidden objects that easily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s split up,\rdblquote  Harry told the other two. \ldblquote Look for a stone bust of an old man wearing a wig and a tiara! It\rquote s standing on a cupboard and it\rquote s definitely somewhere near here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They sped off up adjacent aisles; Harry could hear the others\rquote  footsteps echoing through the towering piles of junk, of bottles, hats, crates, chairs, books, weapons, broomsticks, bats. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Somewhere near here,\rdblquote  Harry muttered to himself. \ldblquote Some\-where \'85 somewhere \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Deeper and deeper into the labyrinth he went, looking for objects he recognized from his one previous trip into the room. His breath was loud in his ears, and then his very soul seemed to shiver: There it was, right ahead, the blistered old cupboard in which he had hid\-den his old Potions book, and on top of it, the pockmarked stone warlock wearing a dusty old wig and what looked like an ancient, discolored tiara.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had already stretched out his hand, though he remained ten feet away, when a voice behind him said, \ldblquote Hold it, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He skidded to a halt and turned around. Crabbe and Goyle were standing behind him, shoulder to shoulder, wands pointing right at Harry. Through the small space between their jeering faces he saw Draco Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s my wand you\rquote re holding, Potter,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, pointing his own through the gap between Crabbe and Goyle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not anymore,\rdblquote  panted Harry, tightening his grip on the haw\-thorn wand. \ldblquote Winners, keepers, Malfoy. Who\rquote s lent you theirs?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My mother,\rdblquote  said Draco.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry laughed, though there was nothing very humorous about the situation. He could not hear Ron or Hermione anymore. They seemed to have run out of earshot, searching for the diadem.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So how come you three aren\rquote t with Voldemort?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re gonna be rewarded,\rdblquote  said Crabbe: His voice was surpris\-ingly soft for such an enormous person; Harry had hardly ever heard him speak before. Crabbe was smiling like a small child promised a large bag of sweets. \ldblquote We \rquote ung back, Potter. We decided not to go. Decided to bring you to \rquote im.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good plan,\rdblquote  said Harry in mock admiration. He could not be\-lieve that he was this close, and was going to be thwarted by Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. He began edging slowly backward toward the place where the Horcrux sat lopsided upon the bust. If he could just get his hands on it before the fight broke out\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So how did you get in here?\rdblquote  he asked, trying to distract them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I virtually lived in the Room of Hidden Things all last year,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, his voice brittle. \ldblquote I know how to get in.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We was hiding in the corridor outside,\rdblquote  grunted Goyle. \ldblquote We can do Diss-lusion Charms now! And then,\rdblquote  his face split into a gormless grin, \ldblquote you turned up right in front of us and said you was looking for a die-dum! What\rquote s a die-dum?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  Ron\rquote s voice echoed suddenly from the other side of the wall to Harry\rquote s right. \ldblquote Are you talking to someone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a whiplike movement, Crabbe pointed his wand at the fifty-foot mountain of old furniture, of broken trunks, of old books and robes and unidentifiable junk, and shouted, \ldblquote\i Descendo\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wall began to totter, then the top third crumbled into the aisle next door where Ron stood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  Harry bellowed, as somewhere out of sight Hermione screamed, and Harry heard innumerable objects crashing to the floor on the other side of the destabilized wall: He pointed his wand at the rampart, cried, \ldblquote\i Finite\i0 !\rdblquote  and it steadied.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  shouted Malfoy, staying Crabbe\rquote s arm as the latter made to repeat his spell. \ldblquote If you wreck the room you might bury this diadem thing!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that matter?\rdblquote  said Crabbe, tugging himself free. \ldblquote It\rquote s Potter the Dark Lord wants, who cares about a die-dum?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter came in here to get it,\rdblquote  said Malfoy with ill-disguised\lang3081  \lang1033 impatience at the slow-wittedness of his colleagues, \ldblquote so that must mean \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Must mean\rquote ?\rdblquote  Crabbe turned on Malfoy with undisguised fe\-rocity. \ldblquote Who cares what you think? I don\rquote t take your orders no more, \i Draco.\i0  You an\rquote  your dad are finished.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  shouted Ron again, from the other side of the junk wall. \ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  mimicked Crabbe. \ldblquote What\rquote s going \emdash  \i no,\i0  Potter! \i Crucio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had lunged for the tiara; Crabbe\rquote s curse missed him but hit the stone bust, which flew into the air; the diadem soared upward and then dropped out of sight in the mass of objects on which the bust had rested.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote STOP!\rdblquote  Malfoy shouted at Crabbe, his voice echoing through the enormous room. \ldblquote The Dark Lord wants him alive \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So? I\rquote m not killing him, am I?\rdblquote  yelled Crabbe, throwing off Malfoy\rquote s restraining arm. \ldblquote But if I can, I will, the Dark Lord wants him dead anyway, what\rquote s the diff\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A jet of scarlet light shot past Harry by inches: Hermione had run around the corner behind him and sent a Stunning Spell straight at Crabbe\rquote s head. It only missed because Malfoy pulled him out of the way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s that Mudblood! \i Avada Kedavra\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw Hermione dive aside, and his fury that Crabbe had aimed to kill wiped all else from his mind. He shot a Stunning Spell at Crabbe, who lurched out of the way, knocking Malfoy\rquote s wand out of his hand; it rolled out of sight beneath a mountain of broken furniture and boxes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t kill him! DON\rquote T KILL HIM!\rdblquote  Malfoy yelled at Crabbe\lang3081  \lang1033 and Goyle, who were both aiming at Harry: Their split second\rquote s hesitation was all Harry needed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Goyle\rquote s wand flew out of his hand and disappeared into the bul\-wark of objects beside him; Goyle leapt foolishly on the spot, trying to retrieve it; Malfoy jumped out of range of Hermione\rquote s second Stunning Spell, and Ron, appearing suddenly at the end of the aisle, shot a full Body-Bind Curse at Crabbe, which narrowly missed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crabbe wheeled around and screamed, \ldblquote\i Avada Kedavra\i0 !\rdblquote  again. Ron leapt out of sight to avoid the jet of green light. The wand\-less Malfoy cowered behind a three-legged wardrobe as Hermione charged toward them, hitting Goyle with a Stunning Spell as she came.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s somewhere here!\rdblquote  Harry yelled at her, pointing at the pile of junk into which the old tiara had fallen. \ldblquote Look for it while I go and help R \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HARRY!\rdblquote  she screamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A roaring, billowing noise behind him gave him a moment\rquote s warning. He turned and saw both Ron and Crabbe running as hard as they could up the aisle toward them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like it hot, scum?\rdblquote  roared Crabbe as he ran.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he seemed to have no control over what he had done. Flames of abnormal size were pursuing them, licking up the sides of the junk bulwarks, which were crumbling to soot at their touch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Aguamenti\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry bawled, but the jet of water that soared from the tip of his wand evaporated in the air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote RUN!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy grabbed the Stunned Goyle and dragged him along; Crabbe outstripped all of them, now looking terrified; Harry, Ron,\lang3081  \lang1033 and Hermione pelted along in his wake, and the fire pursued them. It was not normal fire; Crabbe had used a curse of which Harry had no knowledge: As they turned a corner the flames chased them as though they were alive, sentient, intent upon killing them. Now the fire was mutating, forming a gigantic pack of fiery beasts: Flaming serpents, chimaeras, and dragons rose and fell and rose again, and the detritus of centuries on which they were feeding was thrown up in the air into their fanged mouths, tossed high on clawed feet, before being consumed by the inferno.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had vanished from view: Harry, Ron, and Hermione stopped dead; the fiery monsters were circling them, drawing closer and closer, claws and horns and tails lashed, and the heat was solid as a wall around them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What can we do?\rdblquote  Hermione screamed over the deafening roars of the fire. \ldblquote What can we do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry seized a pair of heavy-looking broomsticks from the nearest pile of junk and threw one to Ron, who pulled Hermione onto it behind him. Harry swung his leg over the second broom and, with hard kicks to the ground, they soared up into the air, missing by feet the horned beak of a flaming raptor that snapped its jaws at them. The smoke and heat were becoming overwhelming: Below them the cursed fire was consuming the contraband of generations of hunted students, the guilty outcomes of a thousand banned experiments, the secrets of the countless souls who had sought refuge in the room. Harry could not see a trace of Malfoy, Crabbe, or Goyle anywhere: He swooped as low as he dared over the marauding monsters of flame to try to find them, but there was nothing but fire: What a terrible way to die. \'85 He had never wanted this. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, let\rquote s get out, let\rquote s get out!\rdblquote  bellowed Ron, though it was impossible to see where the door was through the black smoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then Harry heard a thin, piteous human scream from amidst the terrible commotion, the thunder of devouring flame.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s \emdash  too \emdash  dangerous \emdash  !\rdblquote  Ron yelled, but Harry wheeled in the air. His glasses giving his eyes some small protection from the smoke, he raked the firestorm below, seeking a sign of life, a limb or a face that was not yet charred like wood. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he saw them: Malfoy with his arms around the unconscious Goyle, the pair of them perched on a fragile tower of charred desks, and Harry dived. Malfoy saw him coming and raised one arm, but even as Harry grasped it he knew at once that it was no good: Goyle was too heavy and Malfoy\rquote s hand, covered in sweat, slid instantly out of Harry\rquote s \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote IF WE DIE FOR THEM, I\rquote LL KILL YOU, HARRY!\rdblquote  roared Ron\rquote s voice, and, as a great flaming chimaera bore down upon them, he and Hermione dragged Goyle onto their broom and rose, roll\-ing and pitching, into the air once more as Malfoy clambered up behind Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The door, get to the door, the door!\rdblquote  screamed Malfoy in Har\-ry\rquote s ear, and Harry sped up, following Ron, Hermione, and Goyle through the billowing black smoke, hardly able to breathe: and all around them the last few objects unburned by the devouring flames were flung into the air, as the creatures of the cursed fire cast them high in celebration: cups and shields, a sparkling necklace, and an old, discolored tiara \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What are you doing, what are you doing, the door\rquote s that way\i0 !\rdblquote  screamed Malfoy, but Harry made a hairpin swerve and dived. The diadem seemed to fall in slow motion, turning and glittering as it\lang3081  \lang1033 dropped toward the maw of a yawning serpent, and then he had it, caught it around his wrist \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry swerved again as the serpent lunged at him; he soared upward and straight toward the place where, he prayed, the door stood open: Ron, Hermione, and Goyle had vanished; Malfoy was screaming and holding Harry so tightly it hurt. Then, through the smoke, Harry saw a rectangular patch on the wall and steered the broom at it, and moments later clean air filled his lungs and they collided with the wall in the corridor beyond.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy fell off the broom and lay facedown, gasping, coughing, and retching. Harry rolled over and sat up: The door to the Room of Requirement had vanished, and Ron and Hermione sat panting on the floor beside Goyle, who was still unconscious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C-Crabbe,\rdblquote  choked Malfoy as soon as he could speak. \ldblquote C-Crabbe \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s dead,\rdblquote  said Ron harshly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence, apart from panting and coughing. Then a num\-ber of huge bangs shook the castle, and a great cavalcade of trans\-parent figures galloped past on horses, their heads screaming with bloodlust under their arms. Harry staggered to his feet when the Headless Hunt had passed and looked around: The battle was still going on all around him. He could hear more screams than those of the retreating ghosts. Panic flared within him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Ginny?\rdblquote  he said sharply. \ldblquote She was here. She was sup\-posed to be going back into the Room of Requirement.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, d\rquote you reckon it\rquote ll still work after that fire?\rdblquote  asked Ron, but he too got to his feet, rubbing his chest and looking left and right. \ldblquote Shall we split up and look \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Hermione, getting to her feet too. Malfoy and Goyle\lang3081  \lang1033 remained slumped hopelessly on the corridor floor; neither of them had wands. \ldblquote Let\rquote s stick together. I say we go \emdash  Harry, what\rquote s that on your arm?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? Oh yeah \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled the diadem from his wrist and held it up. It was still hot, blackened with soot, but as he looked at it closely he was just able to make out the tiny words etched upon it: WIT BEYOND MEA\-SURE IS MAN\rquote S GREATEST TREASURE.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A bloodlike substance, dark and tarry, seemed to be leaking from the diadem. Suddenly Harry felt the thing vibrate violently, then break apart in his hands, and as it did so, he thought he heard the faintest, most distant scream of pain, echoing not from the grounds or the castle, but from the thing that had just fragmented in his fingers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It must have been Fiendfyre!\rdblquote  whimpered Hermione, her eyes on the broken pieces.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fiendfyre \emdash  cursed fire \emdash  it\rquote s one of the substances that destroy Horcruxes, but I would never, ever have dared use it, it\rquote s so danger\-ous \emdash  how did Crabbe know how to \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Must\rquote ve learned from the Carrows,\rdblquote  said Harry grimly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shame he wasn\rquote t concentrating when they mentioned how to stop it, really,\rdblquote  said Ron, whose hair, like Hermione\rquote s, was singed, and whose face was blackened. \ldblquote If he hadn\rquote t tried to kill us all, I\rquote d be quite sorry he was dead.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But don\rquote t you realize?\rdblquote  whispered Hermione. \ldblquote This means, if we can just get the snake \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But she broke off as yells and shouts and the unmistakable noises of dueling filled the corridor. Harry looked around and his heart\lang3081  \lang1033 seemed to fail: Death Eaters had penetrated Hogwarts. Fred and Percy had just backed into view, both of them dueling masked and hooded men.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione ran forward to help: Jets of light flew in every direction and the man dueling Percy backed off, fast: Then his hood slipped and they saw a high forehead and streaked hair \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello, Minister!\rdblquote  bellowed Percy, sending a neat jinx straight at Thicknesse, who dropped his wand and clawed at the front of his robes, apparently in awful discomfort. \ldblquote Did I mention I\rquote m resigning?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re joking, Perce!\rdblquote  shouted Fred as the Death Eater he was battling collapsed under the weight of three separate Stunning Spells. Thicknesse had fallen to the ground with tiny spikes erupt\-ing all over him; he seemed to be turning into some form of sea urchin. Fred looked at Percy with glee.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You actually \i are\i0  joking, Perce. \'85 I don\rquote t think I\rquote ve heard you joke since you were \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The air exploded. They had been grouped together, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and Percy, the two Death Eaters at their feet, one Stunned, the other Transfigured; and in that fragment of a moment, when danger seemed temporarily at bay, the world was rent apart. Harry felt himself flying through the air, and all he could do was hold as tightly as possible to that thin stick of wood that was his one and only weapon, and shield his head in his arms: He heard the screams and yells of his companions without a hope of knowing what had happened to them \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then the world resolved itself into pain and semidarkness: He was half buried in the wreckage of a corridor that had been\lang3081  \lang1033 subjected to a terrible attack. Cold air told him that the side of the castle had been blown away, and hot stickiness on his cheek told him that he was bleeding copiously. Then he heard a terrible cry that pulled at his insides, that expressed agony of a kind neither flame nor curse could cause, and he stood up, swaying, more frightened than he had been that day, more frightened, perhaps, than he had been in his life. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Hermione was struggling to her feet in the wreckage, and three redheaded men were grouped on the ground where the wall had blasted apart. Harry grabbed Hermione\rquote s hand as they staggered and stumbled over stone and wood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  no \emdash  no!\rdblquote  someone was shouting. \ldblquote No! Fred! No!\rdblquote\par
And Percy was shaking his brother, and Ron was kneeling beside them, and Fred\rquote s eyes stared without seeing, the ghost of his last laugh still etched upon his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 32\par
\pard\qc The Elder Wand\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
The world had ended, so why had the battle not ceased, the castle fallen silent in horror, and every combatant laid down their arms? Harry\rquote s mind was in free fall, spinning out of control, unable to grasp the impossibility, because Fred Weasley could not be dead, the evidence of all his senses must be lying \emdash\par
And then a body fell past the hole blown into the side of the school, and curses flew in at them from the darkness, hitting the wall behind their heads.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get down!\rdblquote  Harry shouted, as more curses flew through the night: He and Ron had both grabbed Hermione and pulled her to the floor, but Percy lay across Fred\rquote s body, shielding it from fur\-ther harm, and when Harry shouted, \ldblquote Percy, come on, we\rquote ve got to move!\rdblquote  he shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Percy!\rdblquote  Harry saw tear tracks streaking the grime coating Ron\rquote s face as he seized his elder brother\rquote s shoulders and pulled, but Percy\lang3081  \lang1033 would not budge. \ldblquote Percy, you can\rquote t do anything for him! We\rquote re go\-ing to \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione screamed, and Harry, turning, did not need to ask why. A monstrous spider the size of a small car was trying to climb through the huge hole in the wall: One of Aragog\rquote s descendants had joined the fight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Harry shouted together; their spells collided and the monster was blown backward, its legs jerking horribly, and vanished into the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It brought friends!\rdblquote  Harry called to the others, glancing over the edge of the castle through the hole in the wall the curses had blasted: More giant spiders were climbing the side of the building, liberated from the Forbidden Forest, into which the Death Eaters must have penetrated. Harry fired Stunning Spells down upon them, knock\-ing the lead monster into its fellows, so that they rolled back down the building and out of sight. Then more curses came soaring over Harry\rquote s head, so close he felt the force of them blow his hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s move, NOW!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pushing Hermione ahead of him with Ron, Harry stooped to seize Fred\rquote s body under the armpits. Percy, realizing what Harry was trying to do, stopped clinging to the body and helped; together, crouching low to avoid the curses flying at them from the grounds, they hauled Fred out of the way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  said Harry, and they placed him in a niche where a suit of armor had stood earlier. He could not bear to look at Fred a sec\-ond longer than he had to, and after making sure that the body was well hidden, he took off after Ron and Hermione. Malfoy and Goyle had vanished, but at the end of the corridor, which was now full\lang3081  \lang1033 of dust and falling masonry, glass long gone from the windows, he saw many people running backward and forward, whether friends or foes he could not tell. Rounding the corner, Percy let out a bull-like roar: \ldblquote ROOKWOOD!\rdblquote  and sprinted off in the direction of a tall man, who was pursuing a couple of students.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, in here!\rdblquote  Hermione screamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She had pulled Ron behind a tapestry: They seemed to be wres\-tling together, and for one mad second Harry thought that they were embracing again; then he saw that Hermione was trying to restrain Ron, to stop him running after Percy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen to me \emdash  \i LISTEN, RON\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wanna help \emdash  I wanna kill Death Eaters \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His face was contorted, smeared with dust and smoke, and he was shaking with rage and grief.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, we\rquote re the only ones who can end it! Please \emdash  Ron \emdash  we need the snake, we\rquote ve got to kill the snake!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry knew how Ron felt: Pursuing another Horcrux could not bring the satisfaction of revenge; he too wanted to fight, to punish them, the people who had killed Fred, and he wanted to find the other Weasleys, and above all make sure, make quite sure, that Ginny was not \emdash  but he could not permit that idea to form in his mind \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We \i will\i0  fight!\rdblquote  Hermione said. \ldblquote We\rquote ll have to, to reach the snake! But let\rquote s not lose sight now of what we\rquote re supposed to be d-doing! We\rquote re the only ones who can end it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was crying too, and she wiped her face on her torn and singed sleeve as she spoke, but she took great heaving breaths to calm herself as, still keeping a tight hold on Ron, she turned to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You need to find out where Voldemort is, because he\rquote ll have the snake with him, won\rquote t he? Do it, Harry \emdash  look inside him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Why was it so easy? Because his scar had been burning for hours, yearning to show him Voldemort\rquote s thoughts? He closed his eyes on her command, and at once, the screams and the bangs and all the discordant sounds of the battle were drowned until they became distant, as though he stood far, far away from them. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was standing in the middle of a desolate but strangely familiar room, with peeling paper on the walls and all the windows boarded except for one. The sounds of the assault on the castle were muffled and distant. The single unblocked window revealed distant bursts of light where the castle stood, but inside the room it was dark except for a solitary oil lamp.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was rolling his wand between his fingers, watching it, his thoughts on the room in the castle, the secret room only he had ever found, the room, like the Chamber, that you had to be clever and cunning and inquisitive to discover. \'85 He was confident that the boy would not find the diadem \'85 although Dumbledore\rquote s puppet had come much farther than he had ever expected \'85 too far. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord,\rdblquote  said a voice, desperate and cracked. He turned: There was Lucius Malfoy sitting in the darkest corner, ragged and still bearing the marks of the punishment he had received after the boy\rquote s last escape. One of his eyes remained closed and puffy. \ldblquote My Lord\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 please \'85 my son \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If your son is dead, Lucius, it is not my fault. He did not come and join me, like the rest of the Slytherins. Perhaps he has decided to befriend Harry Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  never,\rdblquote  whispered Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You must hope not.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aren\rquote t \emdash  aren\rquote t you afraid, my Lord, that Potter might die at an\-other hand but yours?\rdblquote  asked Malfoy, his voice shaking. \ldblquote Wouldn\rquote t it be \'85 forgive me \'85 more prudent to call off this battle, enter the castle, and seek him y-yourself?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do not pretend, Lucius. You wish the battle to cease so that you can discover what has happened to your son. And I do not need to seek Potter. Before the night is out, Potter will have come to find me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort dropped his gaze once more to the wand in his fingers. It troubled him \'85 and those things that troubled Lord Voldemort needed to be rearranged. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go and fetch Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape, m-my Lord?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape. Now. I need him. There is a \emdash  service \emdash  I require from him. Go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Frightened, stumbling a little through the gloom, Lucius left the room. Voldemort continued to stand there, twirling the wand between his fingers, staring at it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is the only way, Nagini,\rdblquote  he whispered, and he looked around, and there was the great thick snake, now suspended in midair, twist\-ing gracefully within the enchanted, protected space he had made for her, a starry, transparent sphere somewhere between glittering cage and tank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a gasp, Harry pulled back and opened his eyes; at the same moment his ears were assaulted with the screeches and cries, the smashes and bangs of battle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s in the Shrieking Shack. The snake\rquote s with him, it\rquote s got some sort of magical protection around it. He\rquote s just sent Lucius Malfoy to find Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort\rquote s sitting in the Shrieking Shack?\rdblquote  said Hermione, outraged. \ldblquote He\rquote s not \emdash  he\rquote s not even \i fighting\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He doesn\rquote t think he needs to fight,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He thinks I\rquote m going to go to him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He knows I\rquote m after Horcruxes \emdash  he\rquote s keeping Nagini close be\-side him \emdash  obviously I\rquote m going to have to go to him to get near the thing \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Ron, squaring his shoulders. \ldblquote So you can\rquote t go, that\rquote s what he wants, what he\rquote s expecting. You stay here and look after Hermione, and I\rquote ll go and get it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry cut across Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You two stay here, I\rquote ll go under the Cloak and I\rquote ll be back as soon as I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote it makes much more sense if I take the Cloak and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t even think about it,\rdblquote  Ron snarled at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before Hermione could get farther than \ldblquote Ron, I\rquote m just as capa\-ble \emdash\rdblquote  the tapestry at the top of the staircase on which they stood was ripped open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote POTTER!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Two masked Death Eaters stood there, but even before their wands were fully raised, Hermione shouted, \ldblquote\i Glisseo\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The stairs beneath their feet flattened into a chute and she, Harry, and Ron hurtled down it, unable to control their speed but so fast that the Death Eaters\rquote  Stunning Spells flew far over their heads. They shot through the concealing tapestry at the bottom and spun onto the floor, hitting the opposite wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Duro\i0 !\rdblquote  cried Hermione, pointing her wand at the tapestry, and\lang3081  \lang1033 there were two loud, sickening crunches as the tapestry turned to stone and the Death Eaters pursuing them crumpled against it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get back!\rdblquote  shouted Ron, and he, Harry, and Hermione flat\-tened themselves against a door as a herd of galloping desks thun\-dered past, shepherded by a sprinting Professor McGonagall. She appeared not to notice them: Her hair had come down and there was a gash on her cheek. As she turned the corner, they heard her scream, \ldblquote CHARGE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you get the Cloak on,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Never mind us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he threw it over all three of them; large though they were, he doubted anyone would see their disembodied feet through the dust that clogged the air, the falling stone, the shimmer of spells.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They ran down the next staircase and found themselves in a cor\-ridor full of duelers. The portraits on either side of the fighters were crammed with figures screaming advice and encouragement, while Death Eaters, both masked and unmasked, dueled students and teachers. Dean had won himself a wand, for he was face-to-face with Dolohov, Parvati with Travers. Harry, Ron, and Hermione raised their wands at once, ready to strike, but the duelers were weaving and darting around so much that there was a strong likeli\-hood of hurting one of their own side if they cast curses. Even as they stood braced, looking for the opportunity to act, there came a great \ldblquote\i Wheeeeeeeeeeee\i0 !\rdblquote  and, looking up, Harry saw Peeves zooming over them, dropping Snargaluff pods down onto the Death Eaters, whose heads were suddenly engulfed in wriggling green tubers like fat worms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Argh!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A fistful of tubers had hit the Cloak over Ron\rquote s head; the slimy\lang3081  \lang1033 green roots were suspended improbably in midair as Ron tried to shake them loose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Someone\rquote s invisible there!\rdblquote  shouted a masked Death Eater, pointing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dean made the most of the Death Eater\rquote s momentary distrac\-tion, knocking him out with a Stunning Spell; Dolohov attempted to retaliate and Parvati shot a Body-Bind Curse at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote LET\rquote S GO!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, and he, Ron, and Hermione gath\-ered the Cloak tightly around themselves and pelted, heads down, through the midst of the fighters, slipping a little in pools of Snar\-galuff juice, toward the top of the marble staircase into the entrance hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m Draco Malfoy, I\rquote m Draco, I\rquote m on your side!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Draco was on the upper landing, pleading with another masked Death Eater. Harry Stunned the Death Eater as they passed: Mal\-foy looked around, beaming, for his savior, and Ron punched him from under the Cloak. Malfoy fell backward on top of the Death Eater, his mouth bleeding, utterly bemused.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And that\rquote s the second time we\rquote ve saved your life tonight, you two-faced bastard!\rdblquote  Ron yelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were more duelers all over the stairs and in the hall, Death Eaters everywhere Harry looked: Yaxley, close to the front doors, in combat with Flitwick, a masked Death Eater dueling Kingsley right beside them. Students ran in every direction, some carrying or dragging injured friends. Harry directed a Stunning Spell toward the masked Death Eater; it missed but nearly hit Neville, who had emerged from nowhere brandishing armfuls of Venomous Tentac\-ula, which looped itself happily around the nearest Death Eater and began reeling him in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione sped down the marble staircase: Glass shattered to their left, and the Slytherin hourglass that had recorded House points spilled its emeralds everywhere, so that people slipped and staggered as they ran. Two bodies fell from the balcony over\-head as they reached the ground, and a gray blur that Harry took for an animal sped four-legged across the hall to sink its teeth into one of the fallen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO!\rdblquote  shrieked Hermione, and with a deafening blast from her wand, Fenrir Greyback was thrown backward from the feebly stir\-ring body of Lavender Brown. He hit the marble banisters and struggled to return to his feet. Then, with a bright white flash and a crack, a crystal ball fell on top of his head, and he crumpled to the ground and did not move.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have more!\rdblquote  shrieked Professor Trelawney from over the ban\-isters. \ldblquote More for any who want them! Here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And with a movement like a tennis serve, she heaved another enormous crystal sphere from her bag, waved her wand through the air, and caused the ball to speed across the hall and smash through a window. At the same moment, the heavy wooden front doors burst open, and more of the gigantic spiders forced their way into the entrance hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Screams of terror rent the air: The fighters scattered, Death Eat\-ers and Hogwartians alike, and red and green jets of light flew into the midst of the oncoming monsters, which shuddered and reared, more terrifying than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do we get out?\rdblquote  yelled Ron over all the screaming, but before either Harry or Hermione could answer they were bowled aside: Hagrid had come thundering down the stairs, brandishing his flowery pink umbrella.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t hurt \rquote em, don\rquote t hurt \rquote em!\rdblquote  he yelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HAGRID, NO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry forgot everything else: He sprinted out from under the Cloak, running bent double to avoid the curses illuminating the whole hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HAGRID, COME BACK!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he was not even halfway to Hagrid when he saw it happen: Hagrid vanished amongst the spiders, and with a great scurrying, a foul swarming movement, they retreated under the onslaught of spells, Hagrid buried in their midst.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HAGRID!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry heard someone calling his own name, whether friend or foe he did not care: He was sprinting down the front steps into the dark grounds, and the spiders were swarming away with their prey, and he could see nothing of Hagrid at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HAGRID!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He thought he could make out an enormous arm waving from the midst of the spider swarm, but as he made to chase after them, his way was impeded by a monumental foot, which swung down out of the darkness and made the ground on which he stood shud\-der. He looked up: A giant stood before him, twenty feet high, its head hidden in shadow, nothing but its treelike, hairy shins illuminated by light from the castle doors. With one brutal, fluid movement, it smashed a massive fist through an upper window, and glass rained down upon Harry, forcing him back under the shelter of the doorway.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh my \emdash  !\rdblquote  shrieked Hermione, as she and Ron caught up with Harry and gazed upward at the giant now trying to seize people through the window above.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DON\rquote T!\rdblquote  Ron yelled, grabbing Hermione\rquote s hand as she raised her wand. \ldblquote Stun him and he\rquote ll crush half the castle \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HAGGER?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Grawp came lurching around the corner of the castle; only now did Harry realize that Grawp was, indeed, an undersized giant. The gargantuan monster trying to crush people on the upper floors looked around and let out a roar. The stone steps trembled as he stomped toward his smaller kin, and Grawp\rquote s lopsided mouth fell open, showing yellow, half-brick-sized teeth; and then they launched themselves at each other with the savagery of lions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote RUN!\rdblquote  Harry roared; the night was full of hideous yells and blows as the giants wrestled, and he seized Hermione\rquote s hand and tore down the steps into the grounds, Ron bringing up the rear. Harry had not lost hope of finding and saving Hagrid; he ran so fast that they were halfway toward the forest before they were brought up short again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The air around them had frozen: Harry\rquote s breath caught and so\-lidified in his chest. Shapes moved out in the darkness, swirling figures of concentrated blackness, moving in a great wave toward the castle, their faces hooded and their breath rattling. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione closed in beside him as the sounds of fighting behind them grew suddenly muted, deadened, because a silence only dementors could bring was falling thickly through the night, and Fred was gone, and Hagrid was surely dying or already dead. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione\rquote s voice from a very long way away. \ldblquote Patronuses, Harry, come on!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He raised his wand, but a dull hopelessness was spreading through him: How many more lay dead that he did not yet know about; he felt as though his soul had already half left his body. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HARRY, COME ON!\rdblquote  screamed Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A hundred dementors were advancing, gliding toward them, sucking their way closer to Harry\rquote s despair, which was like a prom\-ise of a feast. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He saw Ron\rquote s silver terrier burst into the air, flicker feebly, and ex\-pire; he saw Hermione\rquote s otter twist in midair and fade; and his own wand trembled in his hand, and he almost welcomed the oncoming oblivion, the promise of nothing, of no feeling. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then a silver hare, a boar, and a fox soared past Harry, Ron, and Hermione\rquote s heads: The dementors fell back before the crea\-tures\rquote  approach. Three more people had arrived out of the darkness to stand beside them, their wands outstretched, continuing to cast their Patronuses: Luna, Ernie, and Seamus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Luna encouragingly, as if they were back in the Room of Requirement and this was simply spell practice for the D.A. \ldblquote That\rquote s right, Harry \'85 come on, think of something happy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Something happy?\rdblquote  he said, his voice cracked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re all still here,\rdblquote  she whispered, \ldblquote we\rquote re still fighting. Come on, now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a silver spark, then a wavering light, and then, with the greatest effort it had ever cost him, the stag burst from the end of Harry\rquote s wand. It cantered forward, and now the dementors scat\-tered in earnest, and immediately the night was mild again, but the sounds of the surrounding battle were loud in his ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t thank you enough,\rdblquote  said Ron shakily, turning to Luna, Ernie, and Seamus, \ldblquote you just saved \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a roar and an earth-quaking tremor, another giant came lurching out of the darkness from the direction of the forest, bran\-dishing a club taller than any of them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote RUN!\rdblquote  Harry shouted again, but the others needed no telling: They all scattered, and not a second too soon, for next moment the creature\rquote s vast foot had fallen exactly where they had been standing. Harry looked round: Ron and Hermione were following him, but the other three had vanished back into the battle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s get out of range!\rdblquote  yelled Ron as the giant swung its club again and its bellows echoed through the night, across the grounds where bursts of red and green light continued to illuminate the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Whomping Willow,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Somehow he walled it all up in his mind, crammed it into a small space into which he could not look now: Thoughts of Fred and Hagrid, and his terror for all the people he loved, scattered in and outside the castle, must all wait, because they had to run, had to reach the snake and Voldemort, because that was, as Hermione said, the only way to end it \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sprinted, half believing he could outdistance death itself, ig\-noring the jets of light flying in the darkness all around him, and the sound of the lake crashing like the sea, and the creaking of the Forbidden Forest though the night was windless; through grounds that seemed themselves to have risen in rebellion, he ran faster than he had ever moved in his life, and it was he who saw the great tree first, the Willow that protected the secret at its roots with whiplike, slashing branches.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Panting and gasping, Harry slowed down, skirting the Willow\rquote s swiping branches, peering through the darkness toward its thick trunk, trying to see the single knot in the bark of the old tree that would paralyze it. Ron and Hermione caught up, Hermione so out of breath she could not speak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How \emdash  how\rquote re we going to get in?\rdblquote  panted Ron. \ldblquote I can \emdash  see the place \emdash  if we just had \emdash  Crookshanks again \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Crookshanks?\rdblquote  wheezed Hermione, bent double, clutching her chest. \ldblquote\i Are\lang3081  \lang1033 you a wizard, or what\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  right \emdash  yeah \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked around, then directed his wand at a twig on the ground and said, \ldblquote\i Wingardium Leviosa\i0 !\rdblquote  The twig flew up from the ground, spun through the air as if caught by a gust of wind, then zoomed directly at the trunk through the Willow\rquote s ominously swaying branches. It jabbed at a place near the roots, and at once, the writhing tree became still.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perfect!\rdblquote  panted Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For one teetering second, while the crashes and booms of the battle filled the air, Harry hesitated. Voldemort wanted him to do this, wanted him to come. \'85 Was he leading Ron and Hermione into a trap?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But then the reality seemed to close upon him, cruel and plain: The only way forward was to kill the snake, and the snake was where Voldemort was, and Voldemort was at the end of this tunnel. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, we\rquote re coming, just get in there!\rdblquote  said Ron, pushing him forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry wriggled into the earthy passage hidden in the tree\rquote s roots. It was a much tighter squeeze than it had been the last time they had entered it. The tunnel was low-ceilinged: They had had to double up to move through it nearly four years previously; now there was nothing for it but to crawl. Harry went first, his wand illuminated, expecting at any moment to meet barriers, but none came. They\lang3081  \lang1033 moved in silence, Harry\rquote s gaze fixed upon the swinging beam of the wand held in his fist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At last the tunnel began to slope upward and Harry saw a sliver of light ahead. Hermione tugged at his ankle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Cloak!\rdblquote  she whispered. \ldblquote Put the Cloak on!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He groped behind him and she forced the bundle of slippery cloth into his free hand. With difficulty he dragged it over himself, murmured, \ldblquote\i Nox,\i0\rdblquote  extinguishing his wandlight, and continued on his hands and knees, as silently as possible, all his senses straining, expecting every second to be discovered, to hear a cold clear voice, see a flash of green light.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then he heard voices coming from the room directly ahead of them, only slightly muffled by the fact that the opening at the end of the tunnel had been blocked up by what looked like an old crate. Hardly daring to breathe, Harry edged right up to the opening and peered through a tiny gap left between crate and wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The room beyond was dimly lit, but he could see Nagini, swirling and coiling like a serpent underwater, safe in her enchanted, starry sphere, which floated unsupported in midair. He could see the edge of a table, and a long-fingered white hand toying with a wand. Then Snape spoke, and Harry\rquote s heart lurched: Snape was inches away from where he crouched, hidden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 my Lord, their resistance is crumbling \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and it is doing so without your help,\rdblquote  said Voldemort in his high, clear voice. \ldblquote Skilled wizard though you are, Severus, I do not think you will make much difference now. We are almost there \'85 almost.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let me find the boy. Let me bring you Potter. I know I can find him, my Lord. Please.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape strode past the gap, and Harry drew back a little, keeping his eyes fixed upon Nagini, wondering whether there was any spell that might penetrate the protection surrounding her, but he could not think of anything. One failed attempt, and he would give away his position. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort stood up. Harry could see him now, see the red eyes, the flattened, serpentine face, the pallor of him gleaming slightly in the semidarkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have a problem, Severus,\rdblquote  said Voldemort softly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord?\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort raised the Elder Wand, holding it as delicately and precisely as a conductor\rquote s baton.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why doesn\rquote t it work for me, Severus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In the silence Harry imagined he could hear the snake hissing slightly as it coiled and uncoiled \emdash  or was it Voldemort\rquote s sibilant sigh lingering on the air?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My \emdash  my Lord?\rdblquote  said Snape blankly. \ldblquote I do not understand. You \emdash  you have performed extraordinary magic with that wand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote I have performed my usual magic. I am extraordinary, but this wand\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 no. It has not revealed the wonders it has promised. I feel no difference between this wand and the one I procured from Ollivander all those years ago.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort\rquote s tone was musing, calm, but Harry\rquote s scar had begun to throb and pulse: Pain was building in his forehead, and he could feel that controlled sense of fury building inside Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No difference,\rdblquote  said Voldemort again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape did not speak. Harry could not see his face: He wondered whether Snape sensed danger, was trying to find the right words to reassure his master.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort started to move around the room: Harry lost sight of him for seconds as he prowled, speaking in that same measured voice, while the pain and fury mounted in Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have thought long and hard, Severus. \'85 Do you know why I have called you back from the battle?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And for a moment Harry saw Snape\rquote s profile: His eyes were fixed upon the coiling snake in its enchanted cage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, my Lord, but I beg you will let me return. Let me find Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You sound like Lucius. Neither of you understands Potter as I do. He does not need finding. Potter will come to me. I know his weakness, you see, his one great flaw. He will hate watching the others struck down around him, knowing that it is for him that it happens. He will want to stop it at any cost. He will come.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But my Lord, he might be killed accidentally by one other than yourself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My instructions to my Death Eaters have been perfectly clear. Capture Potter. Kill his friends \emdash  the more, the better \emdash  but do not kill him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it is of you that I wished to speak, Severus, not Harry Potter. You have been very valuable to me. Very valuable.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord knows I seek only to serve him. But \emdash  let me go and find the boy, my Lord. Let me bring him to you. I know I can \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have told you, no!\rdblquote  said Voldemort, and Harry caught the glint of red in his eyes as he turned again, and the swishing of his cloak was like the slithering of a snake, and he felt Voldemort\rquote s impatience in his burning scar. \ldblquote My concern at the moment, Severus, is what will happen when I finally meet the boy!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord, there can be no question, surely \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  but there \i is\i0  a question, Severus. There is.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort halted, and Harry could see him plainly again as he slid the Elder Wand through his white fingers, staring at Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why did both the wands I have used fail when directed at Harry Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I cannot answer that, my Lord.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The stab of rage felt like a spike driven through Harry\rquote s head: He forced his own fist into his mouth to stop himself from crying out in pain. He closed his eyes, and suddenly he was Voldemort, look\-ing into Snape\rquote s pale face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My wand of yew did everything of which I asked it, Severus, except to kill Harry Potter. Twice it failed. Ollivander told me under torture of the twin cores, told me to take another\rquote s wand. I did so, but Lucius\rquote s wand shattered upon meeting Potter\rquote s.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I have no explanation, my Lord.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape was not looking at Voldemort now. His dark eyes were still fixed upon the coiling serpent in its protective sphere.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I sought a third wand, Severus. The Elder Wand, the Wand of Destiny, the Deathstick. I took it from its previous master. I took it from the grave of Albus Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now Snape looked at Voldemort, and Snape\rquote s face was like a death mask. It was marble white and so still that when he spoke, it was a shock to see that anyone lived behind the blank eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord \emdash  let me go to the boy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All this long night, when I am on the brink of victory, I have sat here,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, his voice barely louder than a whisper, \ldblquote wondering, wondering, why the Elder Wand refuses to be what it\lang3081  \lang1033 ought to be, refuses to perform as legend says it must perform for its rightful owner \'85 and I think I have the answer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape did not speak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perhaps you already know it? You are a clever man, after all, Severus. You have been a good and faithful servant, and I regret what must happen.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Elder Wand cannot serve me properly, Severus, because I am not its true master. The Elder Wand belongs to the wizard who killed its last owner. You killed Albus Dumbledore. While you live, Severus, the Elder Wand cannot be truly mine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord!\rdblquote  Snape protested, raising his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It cannot be any other way,\rdblquote  said Voldemort. \ldblquote I must master the wand, Severus. Master the wand, and I master Potter at last.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Voldemort swiped the air with the Elder Wand. It did noth\-ing to Snape, who for a split second seemed to think he had been reprieved: But then Voldemort\rquote s intention became clear. The snake\rquote s cage was rolling through the air, and before Snape could do any\-thing more than yell, it had encased him, head and shoulders, and Voldemort spoke in Parseltongue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Kill.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a terrible scream. Harry saw Snape\rquote s face losing the little color it had left; it whitened as his black eyes widened, as the snake\rquote s fangs pierced his neck, as he failed to push the enchanted cage off himself, as his knees gave way and he fell to the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I regret it,\rdblquote  said Voldemort coldly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned away; there was no sadness in him, no remorse. It was time to leave this shack and take charge, with a wand that would\lang3081  \lang1033 now do his full bidding. He pointed it at the starry cage holding the snake, which drifted upward, off Snape, who fell sideways onto the floor, blood gushing from the wounds in his neck. Voldemort swept from the room without a backward glance, and the great serpent floated after him in its huge protective sphere.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Back in the tunnel and his own mind, Harry opened his eyes: He had drawn blood biting down on his knuckles in the effort not to shout out. Now he was looking through the tiny crack between crate and wall, watching a foot in a black boot trembling on the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  breathed Hermione behind him, but he had already pointed his wand at the crate blocking his view. It lifted an inch into the air and drifted sideways silently. As quietly as he could, he pulled himself up into the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He did not know why he was doing it, why he was approaching the dying man: He did not know what he felt as he saw Snape\rquote s white face, and the fingers trying to staunch the bloody wound at his neck. Harry took off the Invisibility Cloak and looked down upon the man he hated, whose widening black eyes found Harry as he tried to speak. Harry bent over him, and Snape seized the front of his robes and pulled him close.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A terrible rasping, gurgling noise issued from Snape\rquote s throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take \'85 it. \'85 Take \'85 it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something more than blood was leaking from Snape. Silvery blue, neither gas nor liquid, it gushed from his mouth and his ears and his eyes, and Harry knew what it was, but did not know what to do \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A flask, conjured from thin air, was thrust into his shaking hands by Hermione. Harry lifted the silvery substance into it with his\lang3081  \lang1033 wand. When the flask was full to the brim, and Snape looked as though there was no blood left in him, his grip on Harry\rquote s robes slackened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look \'85 at\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 me. \'85\rdblquote  he whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The green eyes found the black, but after a second, something in the depths of the dark pair seemed to vanish, leaving them fixed, blank, and empty. The hand holding Harry thudded to the floor, and Snape moved no more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 33\par
\pard\qc The Prince\rquote s Tale\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry remained kneeling at Snape\rquote s side, simply staring down at him, until quite suddenly a high, cold voice spoke so close to them that Harry jumped to his feet, the flask gripped tightly in his hands, thinking that Voldemort had reentered the room.\par
Voldemort\rquote s voice reverberated from the walls and floor, and Harry realized that he was talking to Hogwarts and to all the sur\-rounding area, that the residents of Hogsmeade and all those still fighting in the castle would hear him as clearly as if he stood beside them, his breath on the back of their necks, a deathblow away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have fought,\rdblquote  said the high, cold voice, \ldblquote valiantly. Lord Vol\-demort knows how to value bravery.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yet you have sustained heavy losses. If you continue to resist me, you will all die, one by one. I do not wish this to happen. Every drop of magical blood spilled is a loss and a waste.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lord Voldemort is merciful. I command my forces to retreat immediately.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have one hour. Dispose of your dead with dignity. Treat your injured.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I speak now, Harry Potter, directly to you. You have permitted your friends to die for you rather than face me yourself. I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest. If, at the end of that hour, you have not come to me, have not given yourself up, then battle recommences. This time, I shall enter the fray myself, Harry Potter, and I shall find you, and I shall punish every last man, woman, and child who has tried to conceal you from me. One hour.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Both Ron and Hermione shook their heads frantically, looking at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t listen to him,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote ll be all right,\rdblquote  said Hermione wildly. \ldblquote Let\rquote s \emdash  let\rquote s get back to the castle, if he\rquote s gone to the forest we\rquote ll need to think of a new plan \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She glanced at Snape\rquote s body, then hurried back to the tunnel en\-trance. Ron followed her. Harry gathered up the Invisibility Cloak, then looked down at Snape. He did not know what to feel, except shock at the way Snape had been killed, and the reason for which it had been done. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They crawled back through the tunnel, none of them talking, and Harry wondered whether Ron and Hermione could still hear Voldemort ringing in their heads, as he could.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i You have permitted your friends to die for you rather than face me yourself. I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest. \'85\i0  \i One hour. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Small bundles seemed to litter the lawn at the front of the castle. It could only be an hour or so from dawn, yet it was pitch-black. The three of them hurried toward the stone steps. A lone clog, the\lang3081  \lang1033 size of a small boat, lay abandoned in front of them. There was no other sign of Grawp or of his attacker.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The castle was unnaturally silent. There were no flashes of light now, no bangs or screams or shouts. The flagstones of the deserted entrance hall were stained with blood. Emeralds were still scattered all over the floor, along with pieces of marble and splintered wood. Part of the banisters had been blown away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where is everyone?\rdblquote  whispered Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron led the way to the Great Hall. Harry stopped in the doorway.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The House tables were gone and the room was crowded. The survivors stood in groups, their arms around each other\rquote s necks. The injured were being treated upon the raised platform by Madam Pomfrey and a group of helpers. Firenze was amongst the injured; his flank poured blood and he shook where he lay, unable to stand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dead lay in a row in the middle of the Hall. Harry could not see Fred\rquote s body, because his family surrounded him. George was kneeling at his head; Mrs. Weasley was lying across Fred\rquote s chest, her body shaking, Mr. Weasley stroking her hair while tears cascaded down his cheeks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Without a word to Harry, Ron and Hermione walked away. Harry saw Hermione approach Ginny, whose face was swollen and blotchy, and hug her. Ron joined Bill, Fleur, and Percy, who flung an arm around Ron\rquote s shoulders. As Ginny and Hermione moved closer to the rest of the family, Harry had a clear view of the bodies lying next to Fred: Remus and Tonks, pale and still and peaceful-looking, apparently asleep beneath the dark, enchanted ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Great Hall seemed to fly away, become smaller, shrink, as Harry reeled backward from the doorway. He could not draw\lang3081  \lang1033 breath. He could not bear to look at any of the other bodies, to see who else had died for him. He could not bear to join the Weasleys, could not look into their eyes, when if he had given himself up in the first place, Fred might never have died. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned away and ran up the marble staircase. Lupin, Tonks\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 He yearned not to feel. \'85 He wished he could rip out his heart, his innards, everything that was screaming inside him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The castle was completely empty; even the ghosts seemed to have joined the mass mourning in the Great Hall. Harry ran without stopping, clutching the crystal flask of Snape\rquote s last thoughts, and he did not slow down until he reached the stone gargoyle guarding the headmaster\rquote s office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Password?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore!\rdblquote  said Harry without thinking, because it was he whom he yearned to see, and to his surprise the gargoyle slid aside, revealing the spiral staircase behind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But when Harry burst into the circular office he found a change. The portraits that hung all around the walls were empty. Not a single headmaster or headmistress remained to see him; all, it seemed, had flitted away, charging through the paintings that lined the castle, so that they could have a clear view of what was going on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced hopelessly at Dumbledore\rquote s deserted frame, which hung directly behind the headmaster\rquote s chair, then turned his back on it. The stone Pensieve lay in the cabinet where it had always been: Harry heaved it onto the desk and poured Snape\rquote s memories into the wide basin with its runic markings around the edge. To escape into someone else\rquote s head would be a blessed relief. \'85 Nothing that even Snape had left him could be worse than his own thoughts. The memories swirled, silver white and strange, and without hesitating,\lang3081  \lang1033 with a feeling of reckless abandonment, as though this would as\-suage his torturing grief, Harry dived.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He fell headlong into sunlight, and his feet found warm ground. When he straightened up, he saw that he was in a nearly deserted playground. A single huge chimney dominated the distant skyline. Two girls were swinging backward and forward, and a skinny boy was watching them from behind a clump of bushes. His black hair was overlong and his clothes were so mismatched that it looked deliberate: too short jeans, a shabby, overlarge coat that might have belonged to a grown man, an odd smocklike shirt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry moved closer to the boy. Snape looked no more than nine or ten years old, sallow, small, stringy. There was undisguised greed in his thin face as he watched the younger of the two girls swinging higher and higher than her sister.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lily, don\rquote t do it!\rdblquote  shrieked the elder of the two.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the girl had let go of the swing at the very height of its arc and flown into the air, quite literally flown, launched herself sky\-ward with a great shout of laughter, and instead of crumpling on the playground asphalt, she soared like a trapeze artist through the air, staying up far too long, landing far too lightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mummy told you not to!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Petunia stopped her swing by dragging the heels of her sandals on the ground, making a crunching, grinding sound, then leapt up, hands on hips.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mummy said you weren\rquote t allowed, Lily!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I\rquote m fine,\rdblquote  said Lily, still giggling. \ldblquote Tuney, look at this. Watch what I can do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Petunia glanced around. The playground was deserted apart from themselves and, though the girls did not know it, Snape. Lily had\lang3081  \lang1033 picked up a fallen flower from the bush behind which Snape lurked. Petunia advanced, evidently torn between curiosity and disapproval. Lily waited until Petunia was near enough to have a clear view, then held out her palm. The flower sat there, opening and closing its pet\-als, like some bizarre, many-lipped oyster.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop it!\rdblquote  shrieked Petunia.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not hurting you,\rdblquote  said Lily, but she closed her hand on the blossom and threw it back to the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not right,\rdblquote  said Petunia, but her eyes had followed the flower\rquote s flight to the ground and lingered upon it. \ldblquote How do you do it?\rdblquote  she added, and there was definite longing in her voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s obvious, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  Snape could no longer contain himself, but had jumped out from behind the bushes. Petunia shrieked and ran backward toward the swings, but Lily, though clearly startled, remained where she was. Snape seemed to regret his appearance. A dull flush of color mounted the sallow cheeks as he looked at Lily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s obvious?\rdblquote  asked Lily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape had an air of nervous excitement. With a glance at the dis\-tant Petunia, now hovering beside the swings, he lowered his voice and said, \ldblquote I know what you are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re \'85 you\rquote re a witch,\rdblquote  whispered Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked affronted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i That\rquote s \i0 not a very nice thing to say to somebody!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She turned, nose in the air, and marched off toward her sister.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Snape. He was highly colored now, and Harry won\-dered why he did not take off the ridiculously large coat, unless it was because he did not want to reveal the smock beneath it. He\lang3081  \lang1033 flapped after the girls, looking ludicrously batlike, like his older self.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sisters considered him, united in disapproval, both holding on to one of the swing poles as though it was the safe place in tag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \i are,\i0\rdblquote  said Snape to Lily. \ldblquote You \i are\i0  a witch. I\rquote ve been watch\-ing you for a while. But there\rquote s nothing wrong with that. My mum\rquote s one, and I\rquote m a wizard.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Petunia\rquote s laugh was like cold water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wizard!\rdblquote  she shrieked, her courage returned now that she had recovered from the shock of his unexpected appearance. \ldblquote\i I\i0  know who \i you\i0  are. You\rquote re that Snape boy! They live down Spinner\rquote s End by the river,\rdblquote  she told Lily, and it was evident from her tone that she considered the address a poor recommendation. \ldblquote Why have you been spying on us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Haven\rquote t been spying,\rdblquote  said Snape, hot and uncomfortable and dirty-haired in the bright sunlight. \ldblquote Wouldn\rquote t spy on \i you,\i0  anyway,\rdblquote  he added spitefully, \ldblquote\i you\rquote re\i0  a Muggle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Though Petunia evidently did not understand the word, she could hardly mistake the tone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lily, come on, we\rquote re leaving!\rdblquote  she said shrilly. Lily obeyed her sister at once, glaring at Snape as she left. He stood watching them as they marched through the playground gate, and Harry, the only one left to observe him, recognized Snape\rquote s bitter disappointment, and understood that Snape had been planning this moment for a while, and that it had all gone wrong. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The scene dissolved, and before Harry knew it, re-formed around him. He was now in a small thicket of trees. He could see a sunlit river glittering through their trunks. The shadows cast by the trees made a basin of cool green shade. Two children sat facing each other,\lang3081  \lang1033 cross-legged on the ground. Snape had removed his coat now; his odd smock looked less peculiar in the half light.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 and the Ministry can punish you if you do magic outside school, you get letters.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I \i have\i0  done magic outside school!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re all right. We haven\rquote t got wands yet. They let you off when you\rquote re a kid and you can\rquote t help it. But once you\rquote re eleven,\rdblquote  he nod\-ded importantly, \ldblquote and they start training you, then you\rquote ve got to go careful.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a little silence. Lily had picked up a fallen twig and twirled it in the air, and Harry knew that she was imagining sparks trailing from it. Then she dropped the twig, leaned in toward the boy, and said, \ldblquote It \i is\i0  real, isn\rquote t it? It\rquote s not a joke? Petunia says you\rquote re lying to me. Petunia says there isn\rquote t a Hogwarts. It \i is\i0  real, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s real for us,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote Not for her. But we\rquote ll get the letter, you and me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote  whispered Lily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Definitely,\rdblquote  said Snape, and even with his poorly cut hair and his odd clothes, he struck an oddly impressive figure sprawled in front of her, brimful of confidence in his destiny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And will it really come by owl?\rdblquote  Lily whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Normally,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote But you\rquote re Muggle-born, so someone from the school will have to come and explain to your parents.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does it make a difference, being Muggle-born?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape hesitated. His black eyes, eager in the greenish gloom, moved over the pale face, the dark red hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote It doesn\rquote t make any difference.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Lily, relaxing: It was clear that she had been worrying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve got loads of magic,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote I saw that. All the time I was watching you \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice trailed away; she was not listening, but had stretched out on the leafy ground and was looking up at the canopy of leaves overhead. He watched her as greedily as he had watched her in the playground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are things at your house?\rdblquote  Lily asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A little crease appeared between his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re not arguing anymore?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, they\rquote re arguing,\rdblquote  said Snape. He picked up a fistful of leaves and began tearing them apart, apparently unaware of what he was doing. \ldblquote But it won\rquote t be that long and I\rquote ll be gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Doesn\rquote t your dad like magic?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He doesn\rquote t like anything, much,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A little smile twisted Snape\rquote s mouth when she said his name.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell me about the dementors again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you want to know about them for?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I use magic outside school \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They wouldn\rquote t give you to the dementors for that! Demen\-tors are for people who do really bad stuff. They guard the wizard prison, Azkaban. You\rquote re not going to end up in Azkaban, you\rquote re too \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned red again and shredded more leaves. Then a small\lang3081  \lang1033 rustling noise behind Harry made him turn: Petunia, hiding behind a tree, had lost her footing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tuney!\rdblquote  said Lily, surprise and welcome in her voice, but Snape had jumped to his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s spying now?\rdblquote  he shouted. \ldblquote What d\rquote you want?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Petunia was breathless, alarmed at being caught. Harry could see her struggling for something hurtful to say.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is that you\rquote re wearing, anyway?\rdblquote  she said, pointing at Snape\rquote s chest. \ldblquote Your mum\rquote s blouse?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a \i crack\i0 : A branch over Petunia\rquote s head had fallen. Lily screamed: The branch caught Petunia on the shoulder, and she stag\-gered backward and burst into tears.\par
\ldblquote Tuney!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Petunia was running away. Lily rounded on Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you make that happen?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No.\rdblquote  He looked both defiant and scared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You did!\rdblquote  She was backing away from him. \ldblquote You \i did\i0 ! You hurt her!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  no I didn\rquote t!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the lie did not convince Lily: After one last burning look, she ran from the little thicket, off after her sister, and Snape looked miserable and confused. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And the scene re-formed. Harry looked around: He was on plat\-form nine and three-quarters, and Snape stood beside him, slightly hunched, next to a thin, sallow-faced, sour-looking woman who greatly resembled him. Snape was staring at a family of four a short distance away. The two girls stood a little apart from their parents. Lily seemed to be pleading with her sister; Harry moved closer to listen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 I\rquote m sorry, Tuney, I\rquote m sorry! Listen \emdash\rdblquote  She caught her sister\rquote s hand and held tight to it, even though Petunia tried to pull it away. \ldblquote Maybe once I\rquote m there \emdash  no, listen, Tuney! Maybe once I\rquote m there, I\rquote ll be able to go to Professor Dumbledore and persuade him to change his mind!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t \emdash  want \emdash  to \emdash  go!\rdblquote  said Petunia, and she dragged her hand back out of her sister\rquote s grasp. \ldblquote You think I want to go to some stupid castle and learn to be a \emdash  a \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Her pale eyes roved over the platform, over the cats mewling in their owners\rquote  arms, over the owls fluttering and hooting at each other in cages, over the students, some already in their long black robes, loading trunks onto the scarlet steam engine or else greeting one another with glad cries after a summer apart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  you think I want to be a \emdash  a freak?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lily\rquote s eyes filled with tears as Petunia succeeded in tugging her hand away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not a freak,\rdblquote  said Lily. \ldblquote That\rquote s a horrible thing to say.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s where you\rquote re going,\rdblquote  said Petunia with relish. \ldblquote A special school for freaks. You and that Snape boy \'85 weirdos, that\rquote s what you two are. It\rquote s good you\rquote re being separated from normal people. It\rquote s for our safety.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lily glanced toward her parents, who were looking around the platform with an air of wholehearted enjoyment, drinking in the scene. Then she looked back at her sister, and her voice was low and fierce.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t think it was such a freak\rquote s school when you wrote to the headmaster and begged him to take you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Petunia turned scarlet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Beg? I didn\rquote t beg!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw his reply. It was very kind.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You shouldn\rquote t have read \emdash\rdblquote  whispered Petunia, \ldblquote that was my private \emdash  how could you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lily gave herself away by half-glancing toward where Snape stood nearby. Petunia gasped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That boy found it! You and that boy have been sneaking in my room!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  not sneaking \emdash\rdblquote  Now Lily was on the defensive. \ldblquote Severus saw the envelope, and he couldn\rquote t believe a Muggle could have con\-tacted Hogwarts, that\rquote s all! He says there must be wizards working undercover in the postal service who take care of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Apparently wizards poke their noses in everywhere!\rdblquote  said Petunia, now as pale as she had been flushed. \ldblquote\i Freak\i0 !\rdblquote  she spat at her sister, and she flounced off to where her parents stood. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The scene dissolved again. Snape was hurrying along the corridor of the Hogwarts Express as it clattered through the countryside. He had already changed into his school robes, had perhaps taken the first opportunity to take off his dreadful Muggle clothes. At last he stopped, outside a compartment in which a group of rowdy boys were talking. Hunched in a corner seat beside the window was Lily, her face pressed against the windowpane.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape slid open the compartment door and sat down opposite Lily. She glanced at him and then looked back out of the window. She had been crying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want to talk to you,\rdblquote  she said in a constricted voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tuney h-hates me. Because we saw that letter from Dumble\-dore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She threw him a look of deep dislike.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So she\rquote s my sister!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s only a \emdash\rdblquote  He caught himself quickly; Lily, too busy trying to wipe her eyes without being noticed, did not hear him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But we\rquote re going!\rdblquote  he said, unable to suppress the exhilaration in his voice. \ldblquote This is it! We\rquote re off to Hogwarts!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She nodded, mopping her eyes, but in spite of herself, she half smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d better be in Slytherin,\rdblquote  said Snape, encouraged that she had brightened a little.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Slytherin?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One of the boys sharing the compartment, who had shown no interest at all in Lily or Snape until that point, looked around at the word, and Harry, whose attention had been focused entirely on the two beside the window, saw his father: slight, black-haired like Snape, but with that indefinable air of having been well-cared-for, even adored, that Snape so conspicuously lacked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who wants to be in Slytherin? I think I\rquote d leave, wouldn\rquote t you?\rdblquote  James asked the boy lounging on the seats opposite him, and with a jolt, Harry realized that it was Sirius. Sirius did not smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My whole family have been in Slytherin,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey,\rdblquote  said James, \ldblquote and I thought you seemed all right!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius grinned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe I\rquote ll break the tradition. Where are you heading, if you\rquote ve got the choice?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 James lifted an invisible sword.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart!\rquote  Like my dad.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape made a small, disparaging noise. James turned on him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Got a problem with that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Snape, though his slight sneer said otherwise. \ldblquote If you\rquote d rather be brawny than brainy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote re you hoping to go, seeing as you\rquote re neither?\rdblquote  interjected Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 James roared with laughter. Lily sat up, rather flushed, and looked from James to Sirius in dislike.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, Severus, let\rquote s find another compartment.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oooooo \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 James and Sirius imitated her lofty voice; James tried to trip Snape as he passed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See ya, Snivellus!\rdblquote  a voice called, as the compartment door slammed. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And the scene dissolved once more. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was standing right behind Snape as they faced the candlelit House tables, lined with rapt faces. Then Professor McGonagall said, \ldblquote Evans, Lily!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He watched his mother walk forward on trembling legs and sit down upon the rickety stool. Professor McGonagall dropped the Sorting Hat onto her head, and barely a second after it had touched the dark red hair, the hat cried, \ldblquote\i Gryffindor\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry heard Snape let out a tiny groan. Lily took off the hat, handed it back to Professor McGonagall, then hurried toward the cheering Gryffindors, but as she went she glanced back at Snape, and there was a sad little smile on her face. Harry saw Sirius move up the bench to make room for her. She took one look at him, seemed to recognize him from the train, folded her arms, and firmly turned her back on him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The roll call continued. Harry watched Lupin, Pettigrew, and his father join Lily and Sirius at the Gryffindor table. At last, when\lang3081  \lang1033 only a dozen students remained to be sorted, Professor McGonagall called Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry walked with him to the stool, watched him place the hat upon his head. \ldblquote\i Slytherin\i0 !\rdblquote  cried the Sorting Hat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Severus Snape moved off to the other side of the Hall, away from Lily, to where the Slytherins were cheering him, to where Lucius Malfoy, a prefect badge gleaming upon his chest, patted Snape on the back as he sat down beside him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And the scene changed. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lily and Snape were walking across the castle courtyard, evidently arguing. Harry hurried to catch up with them, to listen in. As he reached them, he realized how much taller they both were: A few years seemed to have passed since their Sorting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 thought we were supposed to be friends?\rdblquote  Snape was saying. \ldblquote Best friends?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We \i are,\i0  Sev, but I don\rquote t like some of the people you\rquote re hanging round with! I\rquote m sorry, but I detest Avery and Mulciber! \i Mulciber\i0 ! What do you see in him, Sev, he\rquote s creepy! D\rquote you know what he tried to do to Mary Macdonald the other day?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lily had reached a pillar and leaned against it, looking up into the thin, sallow face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was nothing,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote It was a laugh, that\rquote s all \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was Dark Magic, and if you think that\rquote s funny \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about the stuff Potter and his mates get up to?\rdblquote  demanded Snape. His color rose again as he said it, unable, it seemed, to hold in his resentment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s Potter got to do with anything?\rdblquote  said Lily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They sneak out at night. There\rquote s something weird about that Lupin. Where does he keep going?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s ill,\rdblquote  said Lily. \ldblquote They say he\rquote s ill \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Every month at the full moon?\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know your theory,\rdblquote  said Lily, and she sounded cold. \ldblquote Why are you so obsessed with them anyway? Why do you care what they\rquote re doing at night?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m just trying to show you they\rquote re not as wonderful as everyone seems to think they are.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The intensity of his gaze made her blush.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They don\rquote t use Dark Magic, though.\rdblquote  She dropped her voice. \ldblquote And you\rquote re being really ungrateful. I heard what happened the other night. You went sneaking down that tunnel by the Whomping Wil\-low, and James Potter saved you from whatever\rquote s down there \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape\rquote s whole face contorted and he spluttered, \ldblquote Saved? Saved? You think he was playing the hero? He was saving his neck and his friends\rquote  too! You\rquote re not going to \emdash  I won\rquote t let you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Let\i0  me? \i Let\i0  me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lily\rquote s bright green eyes were slits. Snape backtracked at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean \emdash  I just don\rquote t want to see you made a fool of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  He fancies you, James Potter fancies you!\rdblquote  The words seemed wrenched from him against his will. \ldblquote And he\rquote s not\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 everyone thinks \'85 big Quidditch hero \emdash\rdblquote  Snape\rquote s bitterness and dislike were render\-ing him incoherent, and Lily\rquote s eyebrows were traveling farther and farther up her forehead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know James Potter\rquote s an arrogant toerag,\rdblquote  she said, cutting across Snape. \ldblquote I don\rquote t need you to tell me that. But Mulciber\rquote s and Avery\rquote s idea of humor is just evil. \i Evil,\i0  Sev. I don\rquote t understand how you can be friends with them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry doubted that Snape had even heard her strictures on Mul\-ciber and Avery. The moment she had insulted James Potter, his\lang3081  \lang1033 whole body had relaxed, and as they walked away there was a new spring in Snape\rquote s step. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And the scene dissolved. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry watched again as Snape left the Great Hall after sitting his O.W.L. in Defense Against the Dark Arts, watched as he wandered away from the castle and strayed inadvertently close to the place be\-neath the beech tree where James, Sirius, Lupin, and Pettigrew sat together. But Harry kept his distance this time, because he knew what happened after James had hoisted Severus into the air and taunted him; he knew what had been done and said, and it gave him no plea\-sure to hear it again. \'85 He watched as Lily joined the group and went to Snape\rquote s defense. Distantly he heard Snape shout at her in his humiliation and his fury, the unforgivable word: \ldblquote\i Mudblood.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The scene changed. \'85\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not interested.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Save your breath.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was nighttime. Lily, who was wearing a dressing gown, stood with her arms folded in front of the portrait of the Fat Lady, at the entrance to Gryffindor Tower.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I only came out because Mary told me you were threatening to sleep here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was. I would have done. I never meant to call you Mudblood, it just \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Slipped out?\rdblquote  There was no pity in Lily\rquote s voice. \ldblquote It\rquote s too late. I\rquote ve made excuses for you for years. None of my friends can understand why I even talk to you. You and your precious little Death Eater friends \emdash  you see, you don\rquote t even deny it! You don\rquote t even deny that\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033 what you\rquote re all aiming to be! You can\rquote t wait to join You-Know-Who, can you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened his mouth, but closed it without speaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t pretend anymore. You\rquote ve chosen your way, I\rquote ve chosen mine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  listen, I didn\rquote t mean \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  to call me Mudblood? But you call everyone of my birth Mudblood, Severus. Why should I be any different?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He struggled on the verge of speech, but with a contemptuous look she turned and climbed back through the portrait hole. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The corridor dissolved, and the scene took a little longer to re\-form: Harry seemed to fly through shifting shapes and colors until his surroundings solidified again and he stood on a hilltop, forlorn and cold in the darkness, the wind whistling through the branches of a few leafless trees. The adult Snape was panting, turning on the spot, his wand gripped tightly in his hand, waiting for something or for someone. \'85 His fear infected Harry too, even though he knew that he could not be harmed, and he looked over his shoulder, wondering what it was that Snape was waiting for \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then a blinding, jagged jet of white light flew through the air: Harry thought of lightning, but Snape had dropped to his knees and his wand had flown out of his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t kill me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was not my intention.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Any sound of Dumbledore Apparating had been drowned by the sound of the wind in the branches. He stood before Snape with his robes whipping around him, and his face was illuminated from below in the light cast by his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Severus? What message does Lord Voldemort have for me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  no message \emdash  I\rquote m here on my own account!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape was wringing his hands: He looked a little mad, with his straggling black hair flying around him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I come with a warning \emdash  no, a request \emdash  please \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore flicked his wand. Though leaves and branches still flew through the night air around them, silence fell on the spot where he and Snape faced each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What request could a Death Eater make of me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The \emdash  the prophecy \'85 the prediction \'85 Trelawney \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote How much did you relay to Lord Voldemort?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everything \emdash  everything I heard!\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote That is why \emdash  it is for that reason \emdash  he thinks it means Lily Evans!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The prophecy did not refer to a woman,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote It spoke of a boy born at the end of July \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what I mean! He thinks it means her son, he is going to hunt her down \emdash  kill them all \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If she means so much to you,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote surely Lord Voldemort will spare her? Could you not ask for mercy for the mother, in exchange for the son?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have \emdash  I have asked him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You disgust me,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and Harry had never heard so much contempt in his voice. Snape seemed to shrink a little. \ldblquote You do not care, then, about the deaths of her husband and child? They can die, as long as you have what you want?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape said nothing, but merely looked up at Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hide them all, then,\rdblquote  he croaked. \ldblquote Keep her \emdash  them \emdash  safe. Please.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what will you give me in return, Severus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In \emdash  in return?\rdblquote  Snape gaped at Dumbledore, and Harry expected him to protest, but after a long moment he said, \ldblquote Anything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The hilltop faded, and Harry stood in Dumbledore\rquote s office, and something was making a terrible sound, like a wounded animal. Snape was slumped forward in a chair and Dumbledore was stand\-ing over him, looking grim. After a moment or two, Snape raised his face, and he looked like a man who had lived a hundred years of misery since leaving the wild hilltop.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 you were going \'85 to keep her \'85\lang3081  \lang1033 safe. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She and James put their faith in the wrong person,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore. \ldblquote Rather like you, Severus. Weren\rquote t you hoping that Lord Voldemort would spare her?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape\rquote s breathing was shallow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Her boy survives,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a tiny jerk of the head, Snape seemed to flick off an irk\-some fly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Her son lives. He has her eyes, precisely her eyes. You remember the shape and color of Lily Evans\rquote s eyes, I am sure?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DON\rquote T!\rdblquote  bellowed Snape. \ldblquote Gone \'85 dead \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is this remorse, Severus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wish \'85 I wish \i I\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 were dead. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what use would that be to anyone?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore coldly. \ldblquote If you loved Lily Evans, if you truly loved her, then your way forward is clear.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape seemed to peer through a haze of pain, and Dumbledore\rquote s words appeared to take a long time to reach him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \emdash  what do you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know how and why she died. Make sure it was not in vain. Help me protect Lily\rquote s son.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He does not need protection. The Dark Lord has gone \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord will return, and Harry Potter will be in terrible danger when he does.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a long pause, and slowly Snape regained control of him\-self, mastered his own breathing. At last he said, \ldblquote Very well. Very well. But never \emdash  never tell, Dumbledore! This must be between us! Swear it! I cannot bear \'85 especially Potter\rquote s son \'85 I want your word!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My word, Severus, that I shall never reveal the best of you?\rdblquote  Dumbledore sighed, looking down into Snape\rquote s ferocious, anguished face. \ldblquote If you insist\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The office dissolved but re-formed instantly. Snape was pacing up and down in front of Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  mediocre, arrogant as his father, a determined rule-breaker, delighted to find himself famous, attention-seeking and impertinent \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You see what you expect to see, Severus,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, with\-out raising his eyes from a copy of \i Transfiguration Today.\i0  \ldblquote Other teachers report that the boy is modest, likable, and reasonably tal\-ented. Personally, I find him an engaging child.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore turned a page, and said, without looking up, \ldblquote Keep an eye on Quirrell, won\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A whirl of color, and now everything darkened, and Snape and Dumbledore stood a little apart in the entrance hall, while the last stragglers from the Yule Ball passed them on their way to bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  murmured Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Karkaroff\rquote s Mark is becoming darker too. He is panicking, he fears retribution; you know how much help he gave the Minis\-try after the Dark Lord fell.\rdblquote  Snape looked sideways at Dumble\-dore\rquote s crooked-nosed profile. \ldblquote Karkaroff intends to flee if the Mark burns.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does he?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore softly, as Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies came giggling in from the grounds. \ldblquote And are you tempted to join him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Snape, his black eyes on Fleur\rquote s and Roger\rquote s retreating figures. \ldblquote I am not such a coward.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  agreed Dumbledore. \ldblquote You are a braver man by far than Igor Karkaroff. You know, I sometimes think we Sort too soon. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He walked away, leaving Snape looking stricken. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now Harry stood in the headmaster\rquote s office yet again. It was nighttime, and Dumbledore sagged sideways in the thronelike chair behind the desk, apparently semiconscious. His right hand dangled over the side, blackened and burned. Snape was muttering incantations, pointing his wand at the wrist of the hand, while with his left hand he tipped a goblet full of thick golden potion down Dumbledore\rquote s throat. After a moment or two, Dumbledore\rquote s eyelids fluttered and opened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why,\rdblquote  said Snape, without preamble, \ldblquote\i why\i0  did you put on that ring? It carries a curse, surely you realized that. Why even touch it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Marvolo Gaunt\rquote s ring lay on the desk before Dumbledore. It was cracked; the sword of Gryffindor lay beside it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore grimaced.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 was a fool. Sorely tempted \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tempted by what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore did not answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is a miracle you managed to return here!\rdblquote  Snape sounded fu\-rious. \ldblquote That ring carried a curse of extraordinary power, to contain it is all we can hope for; I have trapped the curse in one hand for the time being \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore raised his blackened, useless hand, and examined it with the expression of one being shown an interesting curio.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have done very well, Severus. How long do you think I have?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s tone was conversational; he might have been asking for a weather forecast. Snape hesitated, and then said, \ldblquote I cannot tell. Maybe a year. There is no halting such a spell forever. It will spread eventually, it is the sort of curse that strengthens over time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore smiled. The news that he had less than a year to live seemed a matter of little or no concern to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am fortunate, extremely fortunate, that I have you, Severus.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you had only summoned me a little earlier, I might have been able to do more, buy you more time!\rdblquote  said Snape furiously. He looked down at the broken ring and the sword. \ldblquote Did you think that breaking the ring would break the curse?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Something like that \'85 I was delirious, no doubt. \'85\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. With an effort he straightened himself in his chair. \ldblquote Well, really, this makes matters much more straightforward.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape looked utterly perplexed. Dumbledore smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I refer to the plan Lord Voldemort is revolving around me. His plan to have the poor Malfoy boy murder me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape sat down in the chair Harry had so often occupied, across the desk from Dumbledore. Harry could tell that he wanted to say more on the subject of Dumbledore\rquote s cursed hand, but the other\lang3081  \lang1033 held it up in polite refusal to discuss the matter further. Scowling, Snape said, \ldblquote The Dark Lord does not expect Draco to succeed. This is merely punishment for Lucius\rquote s recent failures. Slow torture for Draco\rquote s parents, while they watch him fail and pay the price.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In short, the boy has had a death sentence pronounced upon him as surely as I have,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Now, I should have thought the natural successor to the job, once Draco fails, is yourself?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a short pause.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That, I think, is the Dark Lord\rquote s plan.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lord Voldemort foresees a moment in the near future when he will not need a spy at Hogwarts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He believes the school will soon be in his grasp, yes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And if it does fall into his grasp,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, almost, it seemed, as an aside, \ldblquote I have your word that you will do all in your power to protect the students of Hogwarts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape gave a stiff nod.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good. Now then. Your first priority will be to discover what Draco is up to. A frightened teenage boy is a danger to others as well as to himself. Offer him help and guidance, he ought to accept, he likes you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  much less since his father has lost favor. Draco blames me, he thinks I have usurped Lucius\rquote s position.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All the same, try. I am concerned less for myself than for acciden\-tal victims of whatever schemes might occur to the boy. Ultimately, of course, there is only one thing to be done if we are to save him from Lord Voldemort\rquote s wrath.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape raised his eyebrows and his tone was sardonic as he asked, \ldblquote Are you intending to let him kill you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly not. \i You\i0  must kill me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a long silence, broken only by an odd clicking noise. Fawkes the phoenix was gnawing a bit of cuttlebone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Would you like me to do it now?\rdblquote  asked Snape, his voice heavy with irony. \ldblquote Or would you like a few moments to compose an epitaph?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, not quite yet,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling. \ldblquote I daresay the moment will present itself in due course. Given what has happened tonight,\rdblquote  he indicated his withered hand, \ldblquote we can be sure that it will happen within a year.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you don\rquote t mind dying,\rdblquote  said Snape roughly, \ldblquote why not let Draco do it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That boy\rquote s soul is not yet so damaged,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I would not have it ripped apart on my account.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And my soul, Dumbledore? Mine?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You alone know whether it will harm your soul to help an old man avoid pain and humiliation,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I ask this one great favor of you, Severus, because death is coming for me as surely as the Chudley Cannons will finish bottom of this year\rquote s league. I confess I should prefer a quick, painless exit to the protracted and messy affair it will be if, for instance, Greyback is involved \emdash  I hear Voldemort has recruited him? Or dear Bellatrix, who likes to play with her food before she eats it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His tone was light, but his blue eyes pierced Snape as they had frequently pierced Harry, as though the soul they discussed was visible to him. At last Snape gave another curt nod.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore seemed satisfied.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Severus \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The office disappeared, and now Snape and Dumbledore were strolling together in the deserted castle grounds by twilight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you doing with Potter, all these evenings you are clos\-eted together?\rdblquote  Snape asked abruptly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore looked weary.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why? You aren\rquote t trying to give him \i more\i0  detentions, Severus? The boy will soon have spent more time in detention than out.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He is his father over again \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In looks, perhaps, but his deepest nature is much more like his mother\rquote s. I spend time with Harry because I have things to discuss with him, information I must give him before it is too late.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Information,\rdblquote  repeated Snape. \ldblquote You trust him \'85 you do not trust me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is not a question of trust. I have, as we both know, limited time. It is essential that I give the boy enough information for him to do what he needs to do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And why may I not have the same information?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I prefer not to put all of my secrets in one basket, particularly not a basket that spends so much time dangling on the arm of Lord Voldemort.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which I do on your orders!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you do it extremely well. Do not think that I underesti\-mate the constant danger in which you place yourself, Severus. To give Voldemort what appears to be valuable information while withholding the essentials is a job I would entrust to nobody but you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yet you confide much more in a boy who is incapable of Occlu\-mency, whose magic is mediocre, and who has a direct connection into the Dark Lord\rquote s mind!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort fears that connection,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Not so long ago he had one small taste of what truly sharing Harry\rquote s mind\lang3081  \lang1033 means to him. It was pain such as he has never experienced. He will not try to possess Harry again, I am sure of it. Not in that way.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t understand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lord Voldemort\rquote s soul, maimed as it is, cannot bear close contact with a soul like Harry\rquote s. Like a tongue on frozen steel, like flesh in flame \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Souls? We were talking of minds!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In the case of Harry and Lord Voldemort, to speak of one is to speak of the other.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore glanced around to make sure that they were alone. They were close by the Forbidden Forest now, but there was no sign of anyone near them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote After you have killed me, Severus \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You refuse to tell me everything, yet you expect that small ser\-vice of me!\rdblquote  snarled Snape, and real anger flared in the thin face now. \ldblquote You take a great deal for granted, Dumbledore! Perhaps I have changed my mind!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You gave me your word, Severus. And while we are talking about services you owe me, I thought you agreed to keep a close eye on our young Slytherin friend?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape looked angry, mutinous. Dumbledore sighed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come to my office tonight, Severus, at eleven, and you shall not complain that I have no confidence in you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were back in Dumbledore\rquote s office, the windows dark, and Fawkes sat silent as Snape sat quite still, as Dumbledore walked around him, talking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry must not know, not until the last moment, not until it is necessary, otherwise how could he have the strength to do what must be done?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what must he do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That is between Harry and me. Now listen closely, Severus. There will come a time \emdash  after my death \emdash  do not argue, do not interrupt! There will come a time when Lord Voldemort will seem to fear for the life of his snake.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For Nagini?\rdblquote  Snape looked astonished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Precisely. If there comes a time when Lord Voldemort stops send\-ing that snake forth to do his bidding, but keeps it safe beside him un\-der magical protection, then, I think, it will be safe to tell Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell him what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore took a deep breath and closed his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell him that on the night Lord Voldemort tried to kill him, when Lily cast her own life between them as a shield, the Killing Curse rebounded upon Lord Voldemort, and a fragment of Volde\-mort\rquote s soul was blasted apart from the whole, and latched itself onto the only living soul left in that collapsing building. Part of Lord Vol\-demort lives inside Harry, and it is that which gives him the power of speech with snakes, and a connection with Lord Voldemort\rquote s mind that he has never understood. And while that fragment of soul, unmissed by Voldemort, remains attached to and protected by Harry, Lord Voldemort cannot die.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry seemed to be watching the two men from one end of a long tunnel, they were so far away from him, their voices echoing strangely in his ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So the boy \'85 the boy must die?\rdblquote  asked Snape quite calmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Voldemort himself must do it, Severus. That is essential.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Another long silence. Then Snape said, \ldblquote I thought\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 all these years \'85 that we were protecting him for her. For Lily.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We have protected him because it has been essential to teach him, to raise him, to let him try his strength,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, his eyes still tight shut. \ldblquote Meanwhile, the connection between them grows ever stronger, a parasitic growth: Sometimes I have thought he suspects it himself. If I know him, he will have arranged matters so that when he does set out to meet his death, it will truly mean the end of Voldemort.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore opened his eyes. Snape looked horrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You have kept him alive so that he can die at the right mo\-ment?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be shocked, Severus. How many men and women have you watched die?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lately, only those whom I could not save,\rdblquote  said Snape. He stood up. \ldblquote You have used me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Meaning?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have spied for you and lied for you, put myself in mortal dan\-ger for you. Everything was supposed to be to keep Lily Potter\rquote s son safe. Now you tell me you have been raising him like a pig for slaughter \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But this is touching, Severus,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore seriously. \ldblquote Have you grown to care for the boy, after all?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For \i him\i0 ?\rdblquote  shouted Snape. \ldblquote\i Expecto Patronum\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 From the tip of his wand burst the silver doe: She landed on the office floor, bounded once across the office, and soared out of the window. Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote After all this time?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Always,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And the scene shifted. Now, Harry saw Snape talking to the portrait of Dumbledore behind his desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will have to give Voldemort the correct date of Harry\rquote s de\-parture from his aunt and uncle\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Not to do so will raise suspicion, when Voldemort believes you so well informed. However, you must plant the idea of decoys; that, I think, ought to ensure Harry\rquote s safety. Try Confunding Mundungus Fletcher. And Severus, if you are forced to take part in the chase, be sure to act your part convincingly. \'85 I am counting upon you to remain in Lord Voldemort\rquote s good books as long as possible, or Hogwarts will be left to the mercy of the Carrows. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Now Snape was head to head with Mundungus in an unfamiliar tavern, Mundungus\rquote s face looking curiously blank, Snape frowning in concentration.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will suggest to the Order of the Phoenix,\rdblquote  Snape murmured, \ldblquote that they use decoys. Polyjuice Potion. Identical Potters. It is the only thing that might work. You will forget that I have suggested this. You will present it as your own idea. You understand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I understand,\rdblquote  murmured Mundungus, his eyes unfocused. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Now Harry was flying alongside Snape on a broomstick through a clear dark night: He was accompanied by other hooded Death Eat\-ers, and ahead were Lupin and a Harry who was really George. \'85 A Death Eater moved ahead of Snape and raised his wand, pointing it directly at Lupin\rquote s back \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Sectumsempra\i0 !\rdblquote  shouted Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the spell, intended for the Death Eater\rquote s wand hand, missed and hit George instead \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And next, Snape was kneeling in Sirius\rquote s old bedroom. Tears were\lang3081  \lang1033 dripping from the end of his hooked nose as he read the old letter from Lily. The second page carried only a few words:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qj\i could ever have been friends with Gellert Grindelwald. I think her mind\rquote s going, personally!\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj Lots of love,\par
Lily\par
\i0\par
Snape took the page bearing Lily\rquote s signature, and her love, and tucked it inside his robes. Then he ripped in two the photograph he was also holding, so that he kept the part from which Lily laughed, throwing the portion showing James and Harry back onto the floor, under the chest of drawers. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now Snape stood again in the headmaster\rquote s study as Phineas Nigellus came hurrying into his portrait.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Headmaster! They are camping in the Forest of Dean! The Mudblood\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do not use that word!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  the Granger girl, then, mentioned the place as she opened her bag and I heard her!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good. Very good!\rdblquote  cried the portrait of Dumbledore behind the headmaster\rquote s chair. \ldblquote Now, Severus, the sword! Do not forget that it must be taken under conditions of need and valor \emdash  and he must not know that you give it! If Voldemort should read Harry\rquote s mind and see you acting for him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\ldblquote I \lang1033 know,\rdblquote  said Snape curtly. He approached the portrait of Dum\-bledore and pulled at its side. It swung forward, revealing a hidden cavity behind it from which he took the sword of Gryffindor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you still aren\rquote t going to tell me why it\rquote s so important to give Potter the sword?\rdblquote  said Snape as he swung a traveling cloak over his robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t think so,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore\rquote s portrait. \ldblquote He will know what to do with it. And Severus, be very careful, they may not take kindly to your appearance after George Weasley\rquote s mishap \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape turned at the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry, Dumbledore,\rdblquote  he said coolly. \ldblquote I have a plan. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Snape left the room. Harry rose up out of the Pensieve, and moments later he lay on the carpeted floor in exactly the same room: Snape might just have closed the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 34\par
\pard\qc The Forest Again\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Finally, the truth. Lying with his face pressed into the dusty carpet of the office where he had once thought he was learn\-ing the secrets of victory, Harry understood at last that he was not supposed to survive. His job was to walk calmly into Death\rquote s welcoming arms. Along the way, he was to dispose of Voldemort\rquote s remaining links to life, so that when at last he flung himself across Voldemort\rquote s path, and did not raise a wand to defend himself, the end would be clean, and the job that ought to have been done in Godric\rquote s Hollow would be finished: Neither would live, neither could survive.\par
He felt his heart pounding fiercely in his chest. How strange that in his dread of death, it pumped all the harder, valiantly keeping him alive. But it would have to stop, and soon. Its beats were num\-bered. How many would there be time for, as he rose and walked through the castle for the last time, out into the grounds and into the forest?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Terror washed over him as he lay on the floor, with that funeral drum pounding inside him. Would it hurt to die? All those times he had thought that it was about to happen and escaped, he had never really thought of the thing itself: His will to live had always been so much stronger than his fear of death. Yet it did not occur to him now to try to escape, to outrun Voldemort. It was over, he knew it, and all that was left was the thing itself: dying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If he could only have died on that summer\rquote s night when he had left number four, Privet Drive, for the last time, when the noble phoenix-feather wand had saved him! If he could only have died like Hedwig, so quickly he would not have known it had happened! Or if he could have launched himself in front of a wand to save someone he loved. \'85 He envied even his parents\rquote  deaths now. This cold-blooded walk to his own destruction would require a different kind of bravery. He felt his fingers trembling slightly and made an effort to control them, although no one could see him; the portraits on the walls were all empty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slowly, very slowly, he sat up, and as he did so he felt more alive and more aware of his own living body than ever before. Why had he never appreciated what a miracle he was, brain and nerve and bounding heart? It would all be gone \'85 or at least, he would be gone from it. His breath came slow and deep, and his mouth and throat were completely dry, but so were his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s betrayal was almost nothing. Of course there had been a bigger plan; Harry had simply been too foolish to see it, he realized that now. He had never questioned his own assumption that Dumbledore wanted him alive. Now he saw that his life span had always been determined by how long it took to eliminate all the Horcruxes. Dumbledore had passed the job of destroying them to\lang3081  \lang1033 him, and obediently he had continued to chip away at the bonds ty\-ing not only Voldemort, but himself, to life! How neat, how elegant, not to waste any more lives, but to give the dangerous task to the boy who had already been marked for slaughter, and whose death would not be a calamity, but another blow against Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Dumbledore had known that Harry would not duck out, that he would keep going to the end, even though it was \i his\i0  end, because he had taken trouble to get to know him, hadn\rquote t he? Dumble\-dore knew, as Voldemort knew, that Harry would not let anyone else die for him now that he had discovered it was in his power to stop it. The images of Fred, Lupin, and Tonks lying dead in the Great Hall forced their way back into his mind\rquote s eye, and for a moment he could hardly breathe: Death was impatient. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Dumbledore had overestimated him. He had failed: The snake survived. One Horcrux remained to bind Voldemort to the earth, even after Harry had been killed. True, that would mean an easier job for somebody. He wondered who would do it. \'85 Ron and Hermione would know what needed to be done, of course. \'85 That would have been why Dumbledore wanted him to confide in two others \'85 so that if he fulfilled his true destiny a little early, they could carry on. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Like rain on a cold window, these thoughts pattered against the hard surface of the incontrovertible truth, which was that he must die. \i I must die.\i0  It must end.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione seemed a long way away, in a far-off country; he felt as though he had parted from them long ago. There would be no good-byes and no explanations, he was determined of that. This was a journey they could not take together, and the attempts they would make to stop him would waste valuable time. He looked\lang3081  \lang1033 down at the battered gold watch he had received on his seventeenth birthday. Nearly half of the hour allotted by Voldemort for his sur\-render had elapsed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stood up. His heart was leaping against his ribs like a frantic bird. Perhaps it knew it had little time left, perhaps it was deter\-mined to fulfill a lifetime\rquote s beats before the end. He did not look back as he closed the office door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The castle was empty. He felt ghostly striding through it alone, as if he had already died. The portrait people were still missing from their frames; the whole place was eerily still, as if all its remaining lifeblood were concentrated in the Great Hall where the dead and the mourners were crammed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak over himself and descended through the floors, at last walking down the marble staircase into the entrance hall. Perhaps some tiny part of him hoped to be sensed, to be seen, to be stopped, but the Cloak was, as ever, impenetrable, perfect, and he reached the front doors easily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then Neville nearly walked into him. He was one half of a pair that was carrying a body in from the grounds. Harry glanced down and felt another dull blow to his stomach: Colin Creevey, though underage, must have sneaked back just as Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had done. He was tiny in death.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what? I can manage him alone, Neville,\rdblquote  said Oliver Wood, and he heaved Colin over his shoulder in a fireman\rquote s lift and carried him into the Great Hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville leaned against the door frame for a moment and wiped his forehead with the back of his hand. He looked like an old man. Then he set off down the steps again into the darkness to recover more bodies.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took one glance back at the entrance of the Great Hall. People were moving around, trying to comfort each other, drinking, kneeling beside the dead, but he could not see any of the people he loved, no hint of Hermione, Ron, Ginny, or any of the other Weas\-leys, no Luna. He felt he would have given all the time remaining to him for just one last look at them; but then, would he ever have the strength to stop looking? It was better like this.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He moved down the steps and out into the darkness. It was nearly four in the morning, and the deathly stillness of the grounds felt as though they were holding their breath, waiting to see whether he could do what he must.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry moved toward Neville, who was bending over another body.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, Harry, you nearly gave me heart failure!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had pulled off the Cloak: The idea had come to him out of nowhere, born out of a desire to make absolutely sure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are you going, alone?\rdblquote  Neville asked suspiciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all part of the plan,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote There\rquote s something I\rquote ve got to do. Listen \emdash  Neville \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  Neville looked suddenly scared. \ldblquote Harry, you\rquote re not thinking of handing yourself over?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Harry lied easily. \ldblquote  \rquote Course not\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 this is something else. But I might be out of sight for a while. You know Voldemort\rquote s snake, Neville? He\rquote s got a huge snake. \'85 Calls it Nagini\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve heard, yeah. \'85 What about it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s got to be killed. Ron and Hermione know that, but just in case they \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The awfulness of that possibility smothered him for a moment,\lang3081  \lang1033 made it impossible to keep talking. But he pulled himself together again: This was crucial, he must be like Dumbledore, keep a cool head, make sure there were backups, others to carry on. Dumbledore had died knowing that three people still knew about the Horcruxes; now Neville would take Harry\rquote s place: There would still be three in the secret.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just in case they\rquote re \emdash  busy \emdash  and you get the chance \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kill the snake?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kill the snake,\rdblquote  Harry repeated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, Harry. You\rquote re okay, are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m fine. Thanks, Neville.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Neville seized his wrist as Harry made to move on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re all going to keep fighting, Harry. You know that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The suffocating feeling extinguished the end of the sentence; he could not go on. Neville did not seem to find it strange. He patted Harry on the shoulder, released him, and walked away to look for more bodies.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry swung the Cloak back over himself and walked on. Some\-one else was moving not far away, stooping over another prone figure on the ground. He was feet away from her when he realized it was Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stopped in his tracks. She was crouching over a girl who was whispering for her mother.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all right,\rdblquote  Ginny was saying. \ldblquote It\rquote s okay. We\rquote re going to get you inside.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I want to go \i home,\i0\rdblquote  whispered the girl. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want to fight anymore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Ginny, and her voice broke. \ldblquote It\rquote s going to be all right.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ripples of cold undulated over Harry\rquote s skin. He wanted to shout out to the night, he wanted Ginny to know that he was there, he wanted her to know where he was going. He wanted to be stopped, to be dragged back, to be sent back home. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he \i was\i0  home. Hogwarts was the first and best home he had known. He and Voldemort and Snape, the abandoned boys, had all found home here. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny was kneeling beside the injured girl now, holding her hand. With a huge effort Harry forced himself on. He thought he saw Ginny look around as he passed, and wondered whether she had sensed someone walking nearby, but he did not speak, and he did not look back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s hut loomed out of the darkness. There were no lights, no sound of Fang scrabbling at the door, his bark booming in welcome. All those visits to Hagrid, and the gleam of the copper kettle on the fire, and rock cakes and giant grubs, and his great bearded face, and Ron vomiting slugs, and Hermione helping him save Norbert\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He moved on, and now he reached the edge of the forest, and he stopped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A swarm of dementors was gliding amongst the trees; he could feel their chill, and he was not sure he would be able to pass safely through it. He had no strength left for a Patronus. He could no longer control his own trembling. It was not, after all, so easy to die. Every second he breathed, the smell of the grass, the cool air on his face, was so precious: To think that people had years and years, time to waste, so much time it dragged, and he was clinging\lang3081  \lang1033 to each second. At the same time he thought that he would not be able to go on, and knew that he must. The long game was ended, the Snitch had been caught, it was time to leave the air. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Snitch. His nerveless fingers fumbled for a moment with the pouch at his neck and he pulled it out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I open at the close.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i0 Breathing fast and hard, he stared down at it. Now that he wanted time to move as slowly as possible, it seemed to have sped up, and un\-derstanding was coming so fast it seemed to have bypassed thought. This was the close. This was the moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pressed the golden metal to his lips and whispered, \ldblquote I am about to die.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The metal shell broke open. He lowered his shaking hand, raised Draco\rquote s wand beneath the Cloak, and murmured, \ldblquote\i Lumos.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The black stone with its jagged crack running down the center sat in the two halves of the Snitch. The Resurrection Stone had cracked down the vertical line representing the Elder Wand. The triangle and circle representing the Cloak and the stone were still discernible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And again Harry understood without having to think. It did not matter about bringing them back, for he was about to join them. He was not really fetching them: They were fetching him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He closed his eyes and turned the stone over in his hand three times.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He knew it had happened, because he heard slight movements around him that suggested frail bodies shifting their footing on the earthy, twig-strewn ground that marked the outer edge of the forest. He opened his eyes and looked around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were neither ghost nor truly flesh, he could see that. They\lang3081  \lang1033 resembled most closely the Riddle that had escaped from the diary so long ago, and he had been memory made nearly solid. Less sub\-stantial than living bodies, but much more than ghosts, they moved toward him, and on each face, there was the same loving smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 James was exactly the same height as Harry. He was wearing the clothes in which he had died, and his hair was untidy and ruffled, and his glasses were a little lopsided, like Mr. Weasley\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sirius was tall and handsome, and younger by far than Harry had seen him in life. He loped with an easy grace, his hands in his pockets and a grin on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin was younger too, and much less shabby, and his hair was thicker and darker. He looked happy to be back in this familiar place, scene of so many adolescent wanderings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lily\rquote s smile was widest of all. She pushed her long hair back as she drew close to him, and her green eyes, so like his, searched his face hungrily, as though she would never be able to look at him enough.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve been so brave.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could not speak. His eyes feasted on her, and he thought that he would like to stand and look at her forever, and that would be enough.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are nearly there,\rdblquote  said James. \ldblquote Very close. We are \'85 so proud of you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does it hurt?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The childish question had fallen from Harry\rquote s lips before he could stop it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dying? Not at all,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote Quicker and easier than falling asleep.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And he will want it to be quick. He wants it over,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t want you to die,\rdblquote  Harry said. These words came without his volition. \ldblquote Any of you. I\rquote m sorry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He addressed Lupin more than any of them, beseeching him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  right after you\rquote d had your son \'85 Remus, I\rquote m sorry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am sorry too,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Sorry I will never know him \'85 but he will know why I died and I hope he will understand. I was trying to make a world in which he could live a happier life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A chilly breeze that seemed to emanate from the heart of the for\-est lifted the hair at Harry\rquote s brow. He knew that they would not tell him to go, that it would have to be his decision.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll stay with me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Until the very end,\rdblquote  said James.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They won\rquote t be able to see you?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We are part of you,\rdblquote  said Sirius. \ldblquote Invisible to anyone else.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at his mother.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stay close to me,\rdblquote  he said quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he set off. The dementors\rquote  chill did not overcome him; he passed through it with his companions, and they acted like Patronuses to him, and together they marched through the old trees that grew closely together, their branches tangled, their roots gnarled and twisted underfoot. Harry clutched the Cloak tightly around him in the darkness, traveling deeper and deeper into the forest, with no idea where exactly Voldemort was, but sure that he would find him. Beside him, making scarcely a sound, walked James, Sirius, Lupin, and Lily, and their presence was his cour\-age, and the reason he was able to keep putting one foot in front of the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His body and mind felt oddly disconnected now, his limbs work\-ing without conscious instruction, as if he were passenger, not driver, in the body he was about to leave. The dead who walked beside him through the forest were much more real to him now than the living back at the castle: Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and all the others were the ones who felt like ghosts as he stumbled and slipped toward the end of his life, toward Voldemort. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A thud and a whisper: Some other living creature had stirred close by. Harry stopped under the Cloak, peering around, listening, and his mother and father, Lupin and Sirius stopped too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Someone there,\rdblquote  came a rough whisper close at hand. \ldblquote He\rquote s got an Invisibility Cloak. Could it be \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Two figures emerged from behind a nearby tree: Their wands flared, and Harry saw Yaxley and Dolohov peering into the dark\-ness, directly at the place Harry, his mother and father and Sirius and Lupin stood. Apparently they could not see anything.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Definitely heard something,\rdblquote  said Yaxley. \ldblquote Animal, d\rquote you reckon?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That head case Hagrid kept a whole bunch of stuff in here,\rdblquote  said Dolohov, glancing over his shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yaxley looked down at his watch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Time\rquote s nearly up. Potter\rquote s had his hour. He\rquote s not coming.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And he was sure he\rquote d come! He won\rquote t be happy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Better go back,\rdblquote  said Yaxley. \ldblquote Find out what the plan is now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and Dolohov turned and walked deeper into the forest. Harry followed them, knowing that they would lead him exactly where he wanted to go. He glanced sideways, and his mother smiled at him, and his father nodded encouragement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had traveled on mere minutes when Harry saw light ahead, and Yaxley and Dolohov stepped out into a clearing that Harry\lang3081  \lang1033 knew had been the place where the monstrous Aragog had once lived. The remnants of his vast web were there still, but the swarm of descendants he had spawned had been driven out by the Death Eaters, to fight for their cause.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A fire burned in the middle of the clearing, and its flickering light fell over a crowd of completely silent, watchful Death Eaters. Some of them were still masked and hooded; others showed their faces. Two giants sat on the outskirts of the group, casting massive shad\-ows over the scene, their faces cruel, rough-hewn like rock. Harry saw Fenrir, skulking, chewing his long nails; the great blond Rowle was dabbing at his bleeding lip. He saw Lucius Malfoy, who looked defeated and terrified, and Narcissa, whose eyes were sunken and full of apprehension.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Every eye was fixed upon Voldemort, who stood with his head bowed, and his white hands folded over the Elder Wand in front of him. He might have been praying, or else counting silently in his mind, and Harry, standing still on the edge of the scene, thought absurdly of a child counting in a game of hide-and-seek. Behind his head, still swirling and coiling, the great snake Nagini floated in her glittering, charmed cage, like a monstrous halo.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Dolohov and Yaxley rejoined the circle, Voldemort looked up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No sign of him, my Lord,\rdblquote  said Dolohov.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort\rquote s expression did not change. The red eyes seemed to burn in the firelight. Slowly he drew the Elder Wand between his long fingers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix had spoken: She sat closest to Voldemort, disheveled, her face a little bloody but otherwise unharmed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort raised his hand to silence her, and she did not speak another word, but eyed him in worshipful fascination.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought he would come,\rdblquote  said Voldemort in his high, clear voice, his eyes on the leaping flames. \ldblquote I expected him to come.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody spoke. They seemed as scared as Harry, whose heart was now throwing itself against his ribs as though determined to escape the body he was about to cast aside. His hands were sweating as he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak and stuffed it beneath his robes, with his wand. He did not want to be tempted to fight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was, it seems \'85 mistaken,\rdblquote  said Voldemort.\par
\ldblquote You weren\rquote t.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry said it as loudly as he could, with all the force he could muster: He did not want to sound afraid. The Resurrection Stone slipped from between his numb fingers, and out of the corner of his eyes he saw his parents, Sirius, and Lupin vanish as he stepped forward into the firelight. At that moment he felt that nobody mat\-tered but Voldemort. It was just the two of them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The illusion was gone as soon as it had come. The giants roared as the Death Eaters rose together, and there were many cries, gasps, even laughter. Voldemort had frozen where he stood, but his red eyes had found Harry, and he stared as Harry moved toward him, with nothing but the fire between them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then a voice yelled: \ldblquote HARRY! NO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned: Hagrid was bound and trussed, tied to a tree nearby. His massive body shook the branches overhead as he struggled, desperate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO! NO! HARRY, WHAT\rquote RE YEH \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote QUIET!\rdblquote  shouted Rowle, and with a flick of his wand Hagrid was silenced.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix, who had leapt to her feet, was looking eagerly from Vol\-demort to Harry, her breast heaving. The only things that moved were the flames and the snake, coiling and uncoiling in the glitter\-ing cage behind Voldemort\rquote s head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could feel his wand against his chest, but he made no at\-tempt to draw it. He knew that the snake was too well protected, knew that if he managed to point the wand at Nagini, fifty curses would hit him first. And still, Voldemort and Harry looked at each other, and now Voldemort tilted his head a little to the side, consid\-ering the boy standing before him, and a singularly mirthless smile curled the lipless mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter,\rdblquote  he said very softly. His voice might have been part of the spitting fire. \ldblquote The Boy Who Lived.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 None of the Death Eaters moved. They were waiting: Everything was waiting. Hagrid was struggling, and Bellatrix was panting, and Harry thought inexplicably of Ginny, and her blazing look, and the feel of her lips on his \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort had raised his wand. His head was still tilted to one side, like a curious child, wondering what would happen if he pro\-ceeded. Harry looked back into the red eyes, and wanted it to hap\-pen now, quickly, while he could still stand, before he lost control, before he betrayed fear \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He saw the mouth move and a flash of green light, and every\-thing was gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 35\par
\pard\qc King\rquote s Cross\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
He lay facedown, listening to the silence. He was perfectly alone. Nobody was watching. Nobody else was there. He was not perfectly sure that he was there himself.\par
A long time later, or maybe no time at all, it came to him that he must exist, must be more than disembodied thought, because he was lying, definitely lying, on some surface. Therefore he had a sense of touch, and the thing against which he lay existed too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Almost as soon as he had reached this conclusion, Harry became conscious that he was naked. Convinced as he was of his total soli\-tude, this did not concern him, but it did intrigue him slightly. He wondered whether, as he could feel, he would be able to see. In opening them, he discovered that he had eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He lay in a bright mist, though it was not like mist he had ever experienced before. His surroundings were not hidden by cloudy vapor; rather the cloudy vapor had not yet formed into sur\-roundings. The floor on which he lay seemed to be white, neither\lang3081  \lang1033 warm nor cold, but simply there, a flat, blank something on which to be.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sat up. His body appeared unscathed. He touched his face. He was not wearing glasses anymore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then a noise reached him through the unformed nothingness that surrounded him: the small soft thumpings of something that flapped, flailed, and struggled. It was a pitiful noise, yet also slightly indecent. He had the uncomfortable feeling that he was eavesdrop\-ping on something furtive, shameful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For the first time, he wished he were clothed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Barely had the wish formed in his head than robes appeared a short distance away. He took them and pulled them on: They were soft, clean, and warm. It was extraordinary how they had appeared, just like that, the moment he had wanted them. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stood up, looking around. Was he in some great Room of Requirement? The longer he looked, the more there was to see. A great domed glass roof glittered high above him in sunlight. Per\-haps it was a palace. All was hushed and still, except for those odd thumping and whimpering noises coming from somewhere close by in the mist. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned slowly on the spot, and his surroundings seemed to invent themselves before his eyes. A wide-open space, bright and clean, a hall larger by far than the Great Hall, with that clear, domed glass ceiling. It was quite empty. He was the only person there, except for \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He recoiled. He had spotted the thing that was making the noises. It had the form of a small, naked child, curled on the ground, its skin raw and rough, flayed-looking, and it lay shuddering under a\lang3081  \lang1033 seat where it had been left, unwanted, stuffed out of sight, strug\-gling for breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was afraid of it. Small and fragile and wounded though it was, he did not want to approach it. Nevertheless he drew slowly nearer, ready to jump back at any moment. Soon he stood near enough to touch it, yet he could not bring himself to do it. He felt like a cow\-ard. He ought to comfort it, but it repulsed him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You cannot help.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He spun around. Albus Dumbledore was walking toward him, sprightly and upright, wearing sweeping robes of midnight blue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry.\rdblquote  He spread his arms wide, and his hands were both whole and white and undamaged. \ldblquote You wonderful boy. You brave, brave man. Let us walk.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Stunned, Harry followed as Dumbledore strode away from where the flayed child lay whimpering, leading him to two seats that Harry had not previously noticed, set some distance away under that high, sparkling ceiling. Dumbledore sat down in one of them, and Harry fell into the other, staring at his old headmaster\rquote s face. Dumbledore\rquote s long silver hair and beard, the piercingly blue eyes behind half-moon spectacles, the crooked nose: Everything was as he had remembered it. And yet\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you\rquote re dead,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore matter-of-factly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then \'85 I\rquote m dead too?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling still more broadly. \ldblquote That is the question, isn\rquote t it? On the whole, dear boy, I think not.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They looked at each other, the old man still beaming.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not?\rdblquote  repeated Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  Harry raised his hand instinctively toward the lightning scar. It did not seem to be there. \ldblquote But I should have died \emdash  I didn\rquote t defend myself! I meant to let him kill me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And that,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote will, I think, have made all the difference.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Happiness seemed to radiate from Dumbledore like light, like fire: Harry had never seen the man so utterly, so palpably content.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Explain,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you already know,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. He twiddled his thumbs together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I let him kill me,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You did,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, nodding. \ldblquote Go on!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So the part of his soul that was in me \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore nodded still more enthusiastically, urging Harry onward, a broad smile of encouragement on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 has it gone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Yes, he destroyed it. Your soul is whole, and completely your own, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced over his shoulder to where the small, maimed creature trembled under the chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is that, Professor?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Something that is beyond either of our help,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if Voldemort used the Killing Curse,\rdblquote  Harry started again, \ldblquote and nobody died for me this time \emdash  how can I be alive?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think you know,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Think back. Remember what he did, in his ignorance, in his greed and his cruelty.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought. He let his gaze drift over his surroundings. If it was indeed a palace in which they sat, it was an odd one, with chairs set in little rows and bits of railing here and there, and still, he and Dumbledore and the stunted creature under the chair were the only beings there. Then the answer rose to his lips easily, with\-out effort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He took my blood,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Precisely!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote He took your blood and rebuilt his living body with it! Your blood in his veins, Harry, Lily\rquote s protec\-tion inside both of you! He tethered you to life while he lives!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\ldblquote I \lang1033 live \'85 while he lives? But I thought\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I thought it was the other way round! I thought we both had to die? Or is it the same thing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was distracted by the whimpering and thumping of the ago\-nized creature behind them and glanced back at it yet again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you sure we can\rquote t do anything?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is no help possible.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then explain \'85 more,\rdblquote  said Harry, and Dumbledore smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were the seventh Horcrux, Harry, the Horcrux he never meant to make. He had rendered his soul so unstable that it broke apart when he committed those acts of unspeakable evil, the murder of your parents, the attempted killing of a child. But what escaped from that room was even less than he knew. He left more than his body behind. He left part of himself latched to you, the would-be victim who had survived.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And his knowledge remained woefully incomplete, Harry! That which Voldemort does not value, he takes no trouble to compre\-hend. Of house-elves and children\rquote s tales, of love, loyalty, and in\-nocence, Voldemort knows and understands nothing. \i Nothing.\i0  That\lang3081  \lang1033 they all have a power beyond his own, a power beyond the reach of any magic, is a truth he has never grasped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He took your blood believing it would strengthen him. He took into his body a tiny part of the enchantment your mother laid upon you when she died for you. His body keeps her sacrifice alive, and while that enchantment survives, so do you and so does Voldemort\rquote s one last hope for himself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore smiled at Harry, and Harry stared at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you knew this? You knew \emdash  all along?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I guessed. But my guesses have usually been good,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore happily, and they sat in silence for what seemed like a long time, while the creature behind them continued to whimper and tremble.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s more,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote There\rquote s more to it. Why did my wand break the wand he borrowed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As to that, I cannot be sure.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have a guess, then,\rdblquote  said Harry, and Dumbledore laughed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What you must understand, Harry, is that you and Lord Vol\-demort have journeyed together into realms of magic hitherto un\-known and untested. But here is what I think happened, and it is unprecedented, and no wandmaker could, I think, ever have pre\-dicted it or explained it to Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Without meaning to, as you now know, Lord Voldemort doubled the bond between you when he returned to a human form. A part of his soul was still attached to yours, and, thinking to strengthen himself, he took a part of your mother\rquote s sacrifice into himself. If he could only have understood the precise and terrible power of that sacrifice, he would not, perhaps, have dared to touch your blood. \'85 But then, if he had been able to understand, he could not be Lord Voldemort, and might never have murdered at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Having ensured this two-fold connection, having wrapped your destinies together more securely than ever two wizards were joined in history, Voldemort proceeded to attack you with a wand that shared a core with yours. And now something very strange hap\-pened, as we know. The cores reacted in a way that Lord Volde\-mort, who never knew that your wand was twin of his, had never expected.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was more afraid than you were that night, Harry. You had ac\-cepted, even embraced, the possibility of death, something Lord Vol\-demort has never been able to do. Your courage won, your wand overpowered his. And in doing so, something happened between those wands, something that echoed the relationship between their masters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I believe that your wand imbibed some of the power and quali\-ties of Voldemort\rquote s wand that night, which is to say that it contained a little of Voldemort himself. So your wand recognized him when he pursued you, recognized a man who was both kin and mortal enemy, and it regurgitated some of his own magic against him, magic much more powerful than anything Lucius\rquote s wand had ever performed. Your wand now contained the power of your enormous courage and of Voldemort\rquote s own deadly skill: What chance did that poor stick of Lucius Malfoy\rquote s stand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if my wand was so powerful, how come Hermione was able to break it?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear boy, its remarkable effects were directed only at Vol\-demort, who had tampered so ill-advisedly with the deepest laws of magic. Only toward him was that wand abnormally powerful. Otherwise it was a wand like any other \'85 though a good one, I am sure,\rdblquote  Dumbledore finished kindly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat in thought for a long time, or perhaps seconds. It was very hard to be sure of things like time, here.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He killed me with your wand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He \i failed\i0  to kill you with my wand,\rdblquote  Dumbledore corrected Harry. \ldblquote I think we can agree that you are not dead \emdash  though, of course,\rdblquote  he added, as if fearing he had been discourteous, \ldblquote I do not minimize your sufferings, which I am sure were severe.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I feel great at the moment, though,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking down at his clean, unblemished hands. \ldblquote Where are we, exactly?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I was going to ask you that,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, looking around. \ldblquote Where would you say that we are?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Until Dumbledore had asked, Harry had not known. Now, how\-ever, he found that he had an answer ready to give.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It looks,\rdblquote  he said slowly, \ldblquote like King\rquote s Cross station. Except a lot cleaner and empty, and there are no trains as far as I can see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote King\rquote s Cross station!\rdblquote  Dumbledore was chuckling immoderately. \ldblquote Good gracious, really?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, where do you think we are?\rdblquote  asked Harry, a little defen\-sively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear boy, I have no idea. This is, as they say, \i your\i0  party.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had no idea what this meant; Dumbledore was being infu\-riating. He glared at him, then remembered a much more pressing question than that of their current location.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Deathly Hallows,\rdblquote  he said, and he was glad to see that the words wiped the smile from Dumbledore\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, yes,\rdblquote  he said. He even looked a little worried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For the first time since Harry had met Dumbledore, he looked\lang3081  \lang1033 less than an old man, much less. He looked fleetingly like a small boy caught in wrongdoing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you forgive me?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Can you forgive me for not trust\-ing you? For not telling you? Harry, I only feared that you would fail as I had failed. I only dreaded that you would make my mistakes. I crave your pardon, Harry. I have known, for some time now, that you are the better man.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you talking about?\rdblquote  asked Harry, startled by Dumble\-dore\rquote s tone, by the sudden tears in his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Hallows, the Hallows,\rdblquote  murmured Dumbledore. \ldblquote A desper\-ate man\rquote s dream!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But they\rquote re real!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Real, and dangerous, and a lure for fools,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote And I was such a fool. But you know, don\rquote t you? I have no secrets from you anymore. You know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do I know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore turned his whole body to face Harry, and tears still sparkled in the brilliantly blue eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Master of death, Harry, master of Death! Was I better, ulti\-mately, than Voldemort?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course you were,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Of course \emdash  how can you ask that? You never killed if you could avoid it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote True, true,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and he was like a child seeking reassurance. \ldblquote Yet I too sought a way to conquer death, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not the way he did,\rdblquote  said Harry. After all his anger at Dumble\-dore, how odd it was to sit here, beneath the high, vaulted ceiling, and defend Dumbledore from himself. \ldblquote Hallows, not Horcruxes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hallows,\rdblquote  murmured Dumbledore, \ldblquote not Horcruxes. Precisely.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause. The creature behind them whimpered, but Harry no longer looked around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Grindelwald was looking for them too?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore closed his eyes for a moment and nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was the thing, above all, that drew us together,\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote Two clever, arrogant boys with a shared obsession. He wanted to come to Godric\rquote s Hollow, as I am sure you have guessed, because of the grave of Ignotus Peverell. He wanted to explore the place the third brother had died.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So it\rquote s true?\rdblquote  asked Harry. \ldblquote All of it? The Peverell brothers \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  were the three brothers of the tale,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, nod\-ding. \ldblquote Oh yes, I think so. Whether they met Death on a lonely road \'85 I think it more likely that the Peverell brothers were simply gifted, dangerous wizards who succeeded in creating those power\-ful objects. The story of them being Death\rquote s own Hallows seems to me the sort of legend that might have sprung up around such creations.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Cloak, as you know now, traveled down through the ages, father to son, mother to daughter, right down to Ignotus\rquote s last liv\-ing descendant, who was born, as Ignotus was, in the village of Godric\rquote s Hollow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore smiled at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You. You have guessed, I know, why the Cloak was in my posses\-sion on the night your parents died. James had showed it to me just a few days previously. It explained much of his undetected wrong-doing at school! I could hardly believe what I was seeing. I asked to borrow it, to examine it. I had long since given up my dream of uniting the Hallows, but I could not resist, could not help taking a\lang3081  \lang1033 closer look. \'85 It was a Cloak the likes of which I had never seen, immensely old, perfect in every respect \'85 and then your father died, and I had two Hallows at last, all to myself!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His tone was unbearably bitter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Cloak wouldn\rquote t have helped them survive, though,\rdblquote  Harry said quickly. \ldblquote Voldemort knew where my mum and dad were. The Cloak couldn\rquote t have made them curse-proof.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote True,\rdblquote  sighed Dumbledore. \ldblquote True.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not speak, so he prompted him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you\rquote d given up looking for the Hallows when you saw the Cloak?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore faintly. It seemed that he forced him\-self to meet Harry\rquote s eyes. \ldblquote You know what happened. You know. You cannot despise me more than I despise myself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I don\rquote t despise you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then you should,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. He drew a deep breath. \ldblquote You know the secret of my sister\rquote s ill health, what those Muggles did, what she became. You know how my poor father sought re\-venge, and paid the price, died in Azkaban. You know how my mother gave up her own life to care for Ariana.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I resented it, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore stated it baldly, coldly. He was looking now over the top of Harry\rquote s head, into the distance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was gifted, I was brilliant. I wanted to escape. I wanted to shine. I wanted glory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do not misunderstand me,\rdblquote  he said, and pain crossed the face so that he looked ancient again. \ldblquote I loved them. I loved my parents, I loved my brother and my sister, but I was selfish, Harry, more\lang3081  \lang1033 selfish than you, who are a remarkably selfless person, could pos\-sibly imagine.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that, when my mother died, and I was left the responsibility of a damaged sister and a wayward brother, I returned to my village in anger and bitterness. Trapped and wasted, I thought! And then, of course, he came. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore looked directly into Harry\rquote s eyes again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Grindelwald. You cannot imagine how his ideas caught me, Harry, inflamed me. Muggles forced into subservience. We wizards triumphant. Grindelwald and I, the glorious young leaders of the revolution.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I had a few scruples. I assuaged my conscience with empty words. It would all be for the greater good, and any harm done would be repaid a hundredfold in benefits for wizards. Did I know, in my heart of hearts, what Gellert Grindelwald was? I think I did, but I closed my eyes. If the plans we were making came to fruition, all my dreams would come true.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And at the heart of our schemes, the Deathly Hallows! How they fascinated him, how they fascinated both of us! The unbeatable wand, the weapon that would lead us to power! The Resurrection Stone \emdash  to him, though I pretended not to know it, it meant an army of Inferi! To me, I confess, it meant the return of my parents, and the lifting of all responsibility from my shoulders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And the Cloak\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 somehow, we never discussed the Cloak much, Harry. Both of us could conceal ourselves well enough without the Cloak, the true magic of which, of course, is that it can be used to protect and shield others as well as its owner. I thought that, if we ever found it, it might be useful in hiding Ariana, but our interest in the Cloak was mainly that it completed the trio, for the legend\lang3081  \lang1033 said that the man who united all three objects would then be truly master of death, which we took to mean \lquote invincible.\rquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Invincible masters of death, Grindelwald and Dumbledore! Two months of insanity, of cruel dreams, and neglect of the only two members of my family left to me.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then \'85 you know what happened. Reality returned in the form of my rough, unlettered, and infinitely more admirable brother. I did not want to hear the truths he shouted at me. I did not want to hear that I could not set forth to seek Hallows with a fragile and unstable sister in tow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The argument became a fight. Grindelwald lost control. That which I had always sensed in him, though I pretended not to, now sprang into terrible being. And Ariana\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 after all my mother\rquote s care and caution \'85 lay dead upon the floor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore gave a little gasp and began to cry in earnest. Harry reached out and was glad to find that he could touch him: He gripped his arm tightly and Dumbledore gradually regained control.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Grindelwald fled, as anyone but I could have predicted. He vanished, with his plans for seizing power, and his schemes for Muggle torture, and his dreams of the Deathly Hallows, dreams in which I had encouraged him and helped him. He ran, while I was left to bury my sister, and learn to live with my guilt and my terrible grief, the price of my shame.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Years passed. There were rumors about him. They said he had procured a wand of immense power. I, meanwhile, was offered the post of Minister of Magic, not once, but several times. Naturally, I refused. I had learned that I was not to be trusted with power.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you\rquote d have been better, much better, than Fudge or Scrim\-geour!\rdblquote  burst out Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Would I?\rdblquote  asked Dumbledore heavily. \ldblquote I am not so sure. I had proven, as a very young man, that power was my weakness and my temptation. It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. Those who, like you, have leadership thrust upon them, and take up the mantle because they must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was safer at Hogwarts. I think I was a good teacher \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You were the best \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  you are very kind, Harry. But while I busied myself with the training of young wizards, Grindelwald was raising an army. They say he feared me, and perhaps he did, but less, I think, than I feared him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, not death,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, in answer to Harry\rquote s ques\-tioning look. \ldblquote Not what he could do to me magically. I knew that we were evenly matched, perhaps that I was a shade more skillful. It was the truth I feared. You see, I never knew which of us, in that last, horrific fight, had actually cast the curse that killed my sister. You may call me cowardly: You would be right. Harry, I dreaded beyond all things the knowledge that it had been I who brought about her death, not merely through my arrogance and stupidity, but that I actually struck the blow that snuffed out her life.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think he knew it, I think he knew what frightened me. I de\-layed meeting him until finally, it would have been too shameful to resist any longer. People were dying and he seemed unstoppable, and I had to do what I could.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you know what happened next. I won the duel. I won the wand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Another silence. Harry did not ask whether Dumbledore had ever found out who struck Ariana dead. He did not want to know, and even less did he want Dumbledore to have to tell him. At last he knew what Dumbledore would have seen when he looked in the Mirror of Erised, and why Dumbledore had been so understanding of the fascination it had exercised over Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They sat in silence for a long time, and the whimperings of the creature behind them barely disturbed Harry anymore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At last he said, \ldblquote Grindelwald tried to stop Voldemort going after the wand. He lied, you know, pretended he had never had it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore nodded, looking down at his lap, tears still glitter\-ing on the crooked nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They say he showed remorse in later years, alone in his cell at Nurmengard. I hope that it is true. I would like to think he did feel the horror and shame of what he had done. Perhaps that lie to Vol\-demort was his attempt to make amends \'85 to prevent Voldemort from taking the Hallow \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 or maybe from breaking into your tomb?\rdblquote  suggested Harry, and Dumbledore dabbed his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After another short pause Harry said, \ldblquote You tried to use the Res\-urrection Stone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When I discovered it, after all those years, buried in the aban\-doned home of the Gaunts \emdash  the Hallow I had craved most of all, though in my youth I had wanted it for very different reasons \emdash  I lost my head, Harry. I quite forgot that it was now a Horcrux, that the ring was sure to carry a curse. I picked it up, and I put it on, and for a second I imagined that I was about to see Ariana, and\lang3081  \lang1033 my mother, and my father, and to tell them how very, very sorry I was. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was such a fool, Harry. After all those years I had learned noth\-ing. I was unworthy to unite the Deathly Hallows, I had proved it time and again, and here was final proof.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote It was natural! You wanted to see them again. What\rquote s wrong with that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe a man in a million could unite the Hallows, Harry. I was fit only to possess the meanest of them, the least extraordinary. I was fit to own the Elder Wand, and not to boast of it, and not to kill with it. I was permitted to tame and to use it, because I took it, not for gain, but to save others from it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But the Cloak, I took out of vain curiosity, and so it could never have worked for me as it works for you, its true owner. The stone I would have used in an attempt to drag back those who are at peace, rather than to enable my self-sacrifice, as you did. You are the worthy possessor of the Hallows.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore patted Harry\rquote s hand, and Harry looked up at the old man and smiled; he could not help himself. How could he remain angry with Dumbledore now?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why did you have to make it so difficult?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s smile was tremulous.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am afraid I counted on Miss Granger to slow you up, Harry. I was afraid that your hot head might dominate your good heart. I was scared that, if presented outright with the facts about those tempting objects, you might seize the Hallows as I did, at the wrong time, for the wrong reasons. If you laid hands on them, I wanted you to possess them safely. You are the true master of death, because the true master does not seek to run away from Death. He accepts that\lang3081  \lang1033 he must die, and understands that there are far, far worse things in the living world than dying.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Voldemort never knew about the Hallows?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do not think so, because he did not recognize the Resurrection Stone he turned into a Horcrux. But even if he had known about them, Harry, I doubt that he would have been interested in any ex\-cept the first. He would not think that he needed the Cloak, and as for the stone, whom would he want to bring back from the dead? He fears the dead. He does not love.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you expected him to go after the wand?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have been sure that he would try, ever since your wand beat Voldemort\rquote s in the graveyard of Little Hangleton. At first, he was afraid that you had conquered him by superior skill. Once he had kidnapped Ollivander, however, he discovered the existence of the twin cores. He thought that explained everything. Yet the borrowed wand did no better against yours! So Voldemort, instead of asking himself what quality it was in you that had made your wand so strong, what gift you possessed that he did not, naturally set out to find the one wand that, they said, would beat any other. For him, the Elder Wand has become an obsession to rival his obsession with you. He believes that the Elder Wand removes his last weakness and makes him truly invincible. Poor Severus \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you planned your death with Snape, you meant him to end up with the Elder Wand, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I admit that was my intention,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote but it did not work as I intended, did it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote That bit didn\rquote t work out.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The creature behind them jerked and moaned, and Harry and Dumbledore sat without talking for the longest time yet. The\lang3081  \lang1033 realization of what would happen next settled gradually over Harry in the long minutes, like softly falling snow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got to go back, haven\rquote t I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That is up to you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got a choice?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes.\rdblquote  Dumbledore smiled at him. \ldblquote We are in King\rquote s Cross, you say? I think that if you decided not to go back, you would be able to \'85 let\rquote s say \'85 board a train.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And where would it take me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote On,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore simply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Silence again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort\rquote s got the Elder Wand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote True. Voldemort has the Elder Wand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you want me to go back?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote that if you choose to return, there is a chance that he may be finished for good. I cannot promise it. But I know this, Harry, that you have less to fear from returning here than he does.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced again at the raw-looking thing that trembled and choked in the shadow beneath the distant chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all, those who live without love. By returning, you may ensure that fewer souls are maimed, fewer families are torn apart. If that seems to you a worthy goal, then we say good-bye for the present.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nodded and sighed. Leaving this place would not be nearly as hard as walking into the forest had been, but it was warm and light and peaceful here, and he knew that he was heading back to pain and the fear of more loss. He stood up, and Dumbledore did the same, and they looked for a long moment into each other\rquote s faces.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell me one last thing,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Is this real? Or has this been happening inside my head?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore beamed at him, and his voice sounded loud and strong in Harry\rquote s ears even though the bright mist was descending again, obscuring his figure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 36\par
\pard\qc The Flaw in the Plan\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
He was lying facedown on the ground again. The smell of the forest filled his nostrils. He could feel the cold hard ground beneath his cheek, and the hinge of his glasses, which had been knocked sideways by the fall, cutting into his temple. Every inch of him ached, and the place where the Killing Curse had hit him felt like the bruise of an iron-clad punch. He did not stir, but remained exactly where he had fallen, with his left arm bent out at an awkward angle and his mouth gaping.\par
He had expected to hear cheers of triumph and jubilation at his death, but instead hurried footsteps, whispers, and solicitous mur\-murs filled the air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord \'85 \i my Lord\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Bellatrix\rquote s voice, and she spoke as if to a lover. Harry did not dare open his eyes, but allowed his other senses to explore his predicament. He knew that his wand was still stowed beneath his robes because he could feel it pressed between his chest and the\lang3081  \lang1033 ground. A slight cushioning effect in the area of his stomach told him that the Invisibility Cloak was also there, stuffed out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i My Lord\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That will do,\rdblquote  said Voldemort\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 More footsteps: Several people were backing away from the same spot. Desperate to see what was happening and why, Harry opened his eyes by a millimeter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort seemed to be getting to his feet. Various Death Eat\-ers were hurrying away from him, returning to the crowd lining the clearing. Bellatrix alone remained behind, kneeling beside Voldemort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry closed his eyes again and considered what he had seen. The Death Eaters had been huddled around Voldemort, who seemed to have fallen to the ground. Something had happened when he had hit Harry with the Killing Curse. Had Voldemort too collapsed? It seemed like it. And both of them had fallen briefly unconscious and both of them had now returned. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Lord, let me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do not require assistance,\rdblquote  said Voldemort coldly, and though he could not see it, Harry pictured Bellatrix withdrawing a helpful hand. \ldblquote The boy \'85 Is he dead?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was complete silence in the clearing. Nobody approached Harry, but he felt their concentrated gaze; it seemed to press him harder into the ground, and he was terrified a finger or an eyelid might twitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, and there was a bang and a small shriek of pain. \ldblquote Examine him. Tell me whether he is dead.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry did not know who had been sent to verify. He could only lie there, with his heart thumping traitorously, and wait to be\lang3081  \lang1033 examined, but at the same time noting, small comfort though it was, that Voldemort was wary of approaching him, that Voldemort suspected that all had not gone to plan. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hands, softer than he had been expecting, touched Harry\rquote s face, pulled back an eyelid, crept beneath his shirt, down to his chest, and felt his heart. He could hear the woman\rquote s fast breathing, her long hair tickled his face. He knew that she could feel the steady pounding of life against his ribs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Is Draco alive\i0 ? \i Is he in the castle\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The whisper was barely audible; her lips were an inch from his ear, her head bent so low that her long hair shielded his face from the onlookers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Yes,\i0\rdblquote  he breathed back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt the hand on his chest contract; her nails pierced him. Then it was withdrawn. She had sat up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He is dead!\rdblquote  Narcissa Malfoy called to the watchers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now they shouted, now they yelled in triumph and stamped their feet, and through his eyelids, Harry saw bursts of red and silver light shoot into the air in celebration.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Still feigning death on the ground, he understood. Narcissa knew that the only way she would be permitted to enter Hogwarts, and find her son, was as part of the conquering army. She no longer cared whether Voldemort won.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You see?\rdblquote  screeched Voldemort over the tumult. \ldblquote Harry Potter is dead by my hand, and no man alive can threaten me now! Watch! \i Crucio\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had been expecting it, knew his body would not be allowed to remain unsullied upon the forest floor; it must be subjected to humiliation to prove Voldemort\rquote s victory. He was lifted into the\lang3081  \lang1033 air, and it took all his determination to remain limp, yet the pain he expected did not come. He was thrown once, twice, three times into the air: His glasses flew off and he felt his wand slide a little beneath his robes, but he kept himself floppy and lifeless, and when he fell to the ground for the last time, the clearing echoed with jeers and shrieks of laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, \ldblquote we go to the castle, and show them what has become of their hero. Who shall drag the body? No \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 Wait\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a fresh outbreak of laughter, and after a few moments Harry felt the ground trembling beneath him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You carry him,\rdblquote  Voldemort said. \ldblquote He will be nice and visible in your arms, will he not? Pick up your little friend, Hagrid. And the glasses \emdash  put on the glasses \emdash  he must be recognizable \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Someone slammed Harry\rquote s glasses back onto his face with deliber\-ate force, but the enormous hands that lifted him into the air were exceedingly gentle. Harry could feel Hagrid\rquote s arms trembling with the force of his heaving sobs; great tears splashed down upon him as Hagrid cradled Harry in his arms, and Harry did not dare, by move\-ment or word, to intimate to Hagrid that all was not, yet, lost.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Move,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, and Hagrid stumbled forward, forcing his way through the close-growing trees, back through the forest. Branches caught at Harry\rquote s hair and robes, but he lay quiescent, his mouth lolling open, his eyes shut, and in the darkness, while the Death Eaters crowed all around them, and while Hagrid sobbed blindly, nobody looked to see whether a pulse beat in the exposed neck of Harry Potter. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The two giants crashed along behind the Death Eaters; Harry could hear trees creaking and falling as they passed; they made so\lang3081  \lang1033 much din that birds rose shrieking into the sky, and even the jeers of the Death Eaters were drowned. The victorious procession marched on toward the open ground, and after a while Harry could tell, by the lightening of the darkness through his closed eyelids, that the trees were beginning to thin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote BANE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s unexpected bellow nearly forced Harry\rquote s eyes open. \ldblquote Happy now, are yeh, that yeh didn\rquote  fight, yeh cowardly bunch o\rquote  nags? Are yeh happy Harry Potter\rquote s \emdash  d-dead \'85 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid could not continue, but broke down in fresh tears. Harry wondered how many centaurs were watching their procession pass; he dared not open his eyes to look. Some of the Death Eaters called insults at the centaurs as they left them behind. A little later, Harry sensed, by a freshening of the air, that they had reached the edge of the forest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought that Hagrid must have been forced to obey Volde\-mort\rquote s command, because he lurched a little. And now a chill settled over them where they stood, and Harry heard the rasping breath of the dementors that patrolled the outer trees. They would not affect him now. The fact of his own survival burned inside him, a talisman against them, as though his father\rquote s stag kept guardian in his heart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Someone passed close by Harry, and he knew that it was Volde\-mort himself because he spoke a moment later, his voice magically magnified so that it swelled through the grounds, crashing upon Harry\rquote s eardrums.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry Potter is dead. He was killed as he ran away, trying to save himself while you lay down your lives for him. We bring you his body as proof that your hero is gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The battle is won. You have lost half of your fighters. My Death Eaters outnumber you, and the Boy Who Lived is finished. There must be no more war. Anyone who continues to resist, man, woman, or child, will be slaughtered, as will every member of their fam\-ily. Come out of the castle now, kneel before me, and you shall be spared. Your parents and children, your brothers and sisters will live and be forgiven, and you will join me in the new world we shall build together.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was silence in the grounds and from the castle. Voldemort was so close to him that Harry did not dare open his eyes again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, and Harry heard him move ahead, and Hagrid was forced to follow. Now Harry opened his eyes a fraction, and saw Voldemort striding in front of them, wearing the great snake Nagini around his shoulders, now free of her enchanted cage. But Harry had no possibility of extracting the wand concealed under his robes without being noticed by the Death Eaters, who marched on either side of them through the slowly lightening darkness. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  sobbed Hagrid. \ldblquote Oh, Harry \'85 Harry \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shut his eyes tight again. He knew that they were ap\-proaching the castle and strained his ears to distinguish, above the gleeful voices of the Death Eaters and their tramping footsteps, signs of life from those within.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Death Eaters came to a halt: Harry heard them spreading out in a line facing the open front doors of the school. He could see, even through his closed lids, the reddish glow that meant light streamed upon him from the entrance hall. He waited. Any mo\-ment, the people for whom he had tried to die would see him, lying apparently dead, in Hagrid\rquote s arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The scream was the more terrible because he had never expected or dreamed that Professor McGonagall could make such a sound. He heard another woman laughing nearby, and knew that Bellatrix gloried in McGonagall\rquote s despair. He squinted again for a single sec\-ond and saw the open doorway filling with people, as the survivors of the battle came out onto the front steps to face their vanquishers and see the truth of Harry\rquote s death for themselves. He saw Voldemort standing a little in front of him, stroking Nagini\rquote s head with a single white finger. He closed his eyes again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i No\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! HARRY!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s, Hermione\rquote s, and Ginny\rquote s voices were worse than McGona\-gall\rquote s; Harry wanted nothing more than to call back, yet he made himself lie silent, and their cries acted like a trigger; the crowd of survivors took up the cause, screaming and yelling abuse at the Death Eaters, until \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SILENCE!\rdblquote  cried Voldemort, and there was a bang and a flash of bright light, and silence was forced upon them all. \ldblquote It is over! Set him down, Hagrid, at my feet, where he belongs!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt himself lowered onto the grass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You see?\rdblquote  said Voldemort, and Harry felt him striding backward and forward right beside the place where he lay. \ldblquote Harry Potter is dead! Do you understand now, deluded ones? He was nothing, ever, but a boy who relied on others to sacrifice themselves for him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He beat you!\rdblquote  yelled Ron, and the charm broke, and the defend\-ers of Hogwarts were shouting and screaming again until a second, more powerful bang extinguished their voices once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was killed while trying to sneak out of the castle grounds,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, and there was relish in his voice for the lie, \ldblquote killed while trying to save himself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Voldemort broke off: Harry heard a scuffle and a shout, then another bang, a flash of light, and a grunt of pain; he opened his eyes an infinitesimal amount. Someone had broken free of the crowd and charged at Voldemort: Harry saw the figure hit the ground, Disarmed, Voldemort throwing the challenger\rquote s wand aside and laughing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And who is this?\rdblquote  he said in his soft snake\rquote s hiss. \ldblquote Who has vol\-unteered to demonstrate what happens to those who continue to fight when the battle is lost?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix gave a delighted laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is Neville Longbottom, my Lord! The boy who has been giving the Carrows so much trouble! The son of the Aurors, remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, yes, I remember,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, looking down at Neville, who was struggling back to his feet, unarmed and unprotected, standing in the no-man\rquote s-land between the survivors and the Death Eaters. \ldblquote But you are a pureblood, aren\rquote t you, my brave boy?\rdblquote  Volde\-mort asked Neville, who stood facing him, his empty hands curled in fists.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what if I am?\rdblquote  said Neville loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You show spirit and bravery, and you come of noble stock. You will make a very valuable Death Eater. We need your kind, Neville Longbottom.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll join you when hell freezes over,\rdblquote  said Neville. \ldblquote Dumble\-dore\rquote s Army!\rdblquote  he shouted, and there was an answering cheer from the crowd, whom Voldemort\rquote s Silencing Charms seemed unable to hold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, and Harry heard more danger in the silkiness of his voice than in the most powerful curse. \ldblquote If that is your choice, Longbottom, we revert to the original plan. On your head,\rdblquote  he said quietly, \ldblquote be it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Still watching through his lashes, Harry saw Voldemort wave his wand. Seconds later, out of one of the castle\rquote s shattered windows, something that looked like a misshapen bird flew through the half light and landed in Voldemort\rquote s hand. He shook the mildewed ob\-ject by its pointed end and it dangled, empty and ragged: the Sort\-ing Hat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There will be no more Sorting at Hogwarts School,\rdblquote  said Vol\-demort. \ldblquote There will be no more Houses. The emblem, shield, and colors of my noble ancestor, Salazar Slytherin, will suffice for every\-one. Won\rquote t they, Neville Longbottom?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pointed his wand at Neville, who grew rigid and still, then forced the hat onto Neville\rquote s head, so that it slipped down below his eyes. There were movements from the watching crowd in front of the castle, and as one, the Death Eaters raised their wands, holding the fighters of Hogwarts at bay.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville here is now going to demonstrate what happens to any\-one foolish enough to continue to oppose me,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, and with a flick of his wand, he caused the Sorting Hat to burst into flames.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Screams split the dawn, and Neville was aflame, rooted to the spot, unable to move, and Harry could not bear it: He must act \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then many things happened at the same moment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They heard uproar from the distant boundary of the school as what sounded like hundreds of people came swarming over the out-of-sight walls and pelted toward the castle, uttering loud war cries.\lang3081  \lang1033 At the same time, Grawp came lumbering around the side of the castle and yelled, \ldblquote HAGGER!\rdblquote  His cry was answered by roars from Voldemort\rquote s giants: They ran at Grawp like bull elephants, making the earth quake. Then came hooves and the twangs of bows, and arrows were suddenly falling amongst the Death Eaters, who broke ranks, shouting their surprise. Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak from inside his robes, swung it over himself, and sprang to his feet, as Neville moved too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In one swift, fluid motion, Neville broke free of the Body-Bind Curse upon him; the flaming hat fell off him and he drew from its depths something silver, with a glittering, rubied handle \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The slash of the silver blade could not be heard over the roar of the oncoming crowd or the sounds of the clashing giants or of the stampeding centaurs, and yet it seemed to draw every eye. With a single stroke Neville sliced off the great snake\rquote s head, which spun high into the air, gleaming in the light flooding from the entrance hall, and Voldemort\rquote s mouth was open in a scream of fury that nobody could hear, and the snake\rquote s body thudded to the ground at his feet \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Harry cast a Shield Charm between Neville and Voldemort before the latter could raise his wand. Then, over the screams and the roars and the thunderous stamps of the battling giants, Hagrid\rquote s yell came loudest of all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HARRY!\rdblquote  Hagrid shouted. \ldblquote HARRY \emdash  WHERE\rquote S HARRY?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Chaos reigned. The charging centaurs were scattering the Death Eaters, everyone was fleeing the giants\rquote  stamping feet, and nearer and nearer thundered the reinforcements that had come from who knew where; Harry saw great winged creatures soaring around the heads of Voldemort\rquote s giants, thestrals and Buckbeak the hippogriff\lang3081  \lang1033 scratching at their eyes while Grawp punched and pummeled them; and now the wizards, defenders of Hogwarts and Death Eaters alike, were being forced back into the castle. Harry was shooting jinxes and curses at any Death Eater he could see, and they crumpled, not knowing what or who had hit them, and their bodies were trampled by the retreating crowd.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Still hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Harry was buffeted into the entrance hall: He was searching for Voldemort and saw him across the room, firing spells from his wand as he backed into the Great Hall, still screaming instructions to his followers as he sent curses flying left and right; Harry cast more Shield Charms, and Voldemort\rquote s would-be victims, Seamus Finnigan and Hannah Abbott, darted past him into the Great Hall, where they joined the fight already flourishing inside it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And now there were more, even more people storming up the front steps, and Harry saw Charlie Weasley overtaking Horace Slughorn, who was still wearing his emerald pajamas. They seemed to have returned at the head of what looked like the families and friends of every Hogwarts student who had remained to fight, along with the shopkeepers and homeowners of Hogsmeade. The centaurs Bane, Ronan, and Magorian burst into the hall with a great clatter of hooves, as behind Harry the door that led to the kitchens was blasted off its hinges.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The house-elves of Hogwarts swarmed into the entrance hall, screaming and waving carving knives and cleavers, and at their head, the locket of Regulus Black bouncing on his chest, was Kreacher, his bullfrog\rquote s voice audible even above this din: \ldblquote Fight! Fight! Fight for my Master, defender of house-elves! Fight the Dark Lord, in the name of brave Regulus! Fight!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were hacking and stabbing at the ankles and shins of Death Eaters, their tiny faces alive with malice, and everywhere Harry looked Death Eaters were folding under sheer weight of numbers, overcome by spells, dragging arrows from wounds, stabbed in the leg by elves, or else simply attempting to escape, but swallowed by the oncoming horde.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But it was not over yet: Harry sped between duelers, past strug\-gling prisoners, and into the Great Hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort was in the center of the battle, and he was striking and smiting all within reach. Harry could not get a clear shot, but fought his way nearer, still invisible, and the Great Hall became more and more crowded as everyone who could walk forced their way inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw Yaxley slammed to the floor by George and Lee Jor\-dan, saw Dolohov fall with a scream at Flitwick\rquote s hands, saw Walden Macnair thrown across the room by Hagrid, hit the stone wall op\-posite, and slide unconscious to the ground. He saw Ron and Neville bringing down Fenrir Greyback, Aberforth Stunning Rookwood, Arthur and Percy flooring Thicknesse, and Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy running through the crowd, not even attempting to fight, screaming for their son.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort was now dueling McGonagall, Slughorn, and Kings\-ley all at once, and there was cold hatred in his face as they wove and ducked around him, unable to finish him \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix was still fighting too, fifty yards away from Voldemort, and like her master she dueled three at once: Hermione, Ginny, and Luna, all battling their hardest, but Bellatrix was equal to them, and Harry\rquote s attention was diverted as a Killing Curse shot so close to Ginny that she missed death by an inch \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He changed course, running at Bellatrix rather than Voldemort, but before he had gone a few steps he was knocked sideways.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley threw off her cloak as she ran, freeing her arms. Bellatrix spun on the spot, roaring with laughter at the sight of her new challenger.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote OUT OF MY WAY!\rdblquote  shouted Mrs. Weasley to the three girls, and with a swipe of her wand she began to duel. Harry watched with terror and elation as Molly Weasley\rquote s wand slashed and twirled, and Bellatrix Lestrange\rquote s smile faltered and became a snarl. Jets of light flew from both wands, the floor around the witches\rquote  feet became hot and cracked; both women were fighting to kill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley cried as a few students ran forward, trying to come to her aid. \ldblquote Get back! \i Get back\i0 ! She is mine!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hundreds of people now lined the walls, watching the two fights, Voldemort and his three opponents, Bellatrix and Molly, and Harry stood, invisible, torn between both, wanting to attack and yet to protect, unable to be sure that he would not hit the innocent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What will happen to your children when I\rquote ve killed you?\rdblquote  taunted Bellatrix, as mad as her master, capering as Molly\rquote s curses danced around her. \ldblquote When Mummy\rquote s gone the same way as Freddie?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  will \emdash  never \emdash  touch \emdash  our \emdash  children \emdash  again!\rdblquote  screamed Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix laughed, the same exhilarated laugh her cousin Sirius had given as he toppled backward through the veil, and suddenly Harry knew what was going to happen before it did.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Molly\rquote s curse soared beneath Bellatrix\rquote s outstretched arm and hit her squarely in the chest, directly over her heart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Bellatrix\rquote s gloating smile froze, her eyes seemed to bulge: For\lang3081  \lang1033 the tiniest space of time she knew what had happened, and then she toppled, and the watching crowd roared, and Voldemort screamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt as though he turned in slow motion; he saw McGona\-gall, Kingsley, and Slughorn blasted backward, flailing and writh\-ing through the air, as Voldemort\rquote s fury at the fall of his last, best lieutenant exploded with the force of a bomb. Voldemort raised his wand and directed it at Molly Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Protego\i0 !\rdblquote  roared Harry, and the Shield Charm expanded in the middle of the Hall, and Voldemort stared around for the source as Harry pulled off the Invisibility Cloak at last.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The yell of shock, the cheers, the screams on every side of \ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  \ldblquote HE\rquote S ALIVE!\rdblquote  were stifled at once. The crowd was afraid, and si\-lence fell abruptly and completely as Voldemort and Harry looked at each other, and began, at the same moment, to circle each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want anyone else to try to help,\rdblquote  Harry said loudly, and in the total silence his voice carried like a trumpet call. \ldblquote It\rquote s got to be like this. It\rquote s got to be me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort hissed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter doesn\rquote t mean that,\rdblquote  he said, his red eyes wide. \ldblquote That isn\rquote t how he works, is it? Who are you going to use as a shield today, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nobody,\rdblquote  said Harry simply. \ldblquote There are no more Horcruxes. It\rquote s just you and me. Neither can live while the other survives, and one of us is about to leave for good. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One of us?\rdblquote  jeered Voldemort, and his whole body was taut and his red eyes stared, a snake that was about to strike. \ldblquote You think it will be you, do you, the boy who has survived by accident, and be\-cause Dumbledore was pulling the strings?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Accident, was it, when my mother died to save me?\rdblquote  asked Harry. They were still moving sideways, both of them, in that perfect circle, maintaining the same distance from each other, and for Harry no face existed but Voldemort\rquote s. \ldblquote Accident, when I decided to fight in that graveyard? Accident, that I didn\rquote t defend myself tonight, and still survived, and returned to fight again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Accidents\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 screamed Voldemort, but still he did not strike, and the watching crowd was frozen as if Petrified, and of the hundreds in the Hall, nobody seemed to breathe but they two. \ldblquote Accident and chance and the fact that you crouched and sniveled behind the skirts of greater men and women, and permitted me to kill them for you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You won\rquote t be killing anyone else tonight,\rdblquote  said Harry as they circled, and stared into each other\rquote s eyes, green into red. \ldblquote You won\rquote t be able to kill any of them ever again. Don\rquote t you get it? I was ready to die to stop you from hurting these people \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you did not!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  I meant to, and that\rquote s what did it. I\rquote ve done what my mother did. They\rquote re protected from you. Haven\rquote t you noticed how none of the spells you put on them are binding? You can\rquote t torture them. You can\rquote t touch them. You don\rquote t learn from your mistakes, Riddle, do you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You dare\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I dare,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I know things you don\rquote t know, Tom Riddle. I know lots of important things that you don\rquote t. Want to hear some, before you make another big mistake?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort did not speak, but prowled in a circle, and Harry knew that he kept him temporarily mesmerized and at bay, held\lang3081  \lang1033 back by the faintest possibility that Harry might indeed know a final secret. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it love again?\rdblquote  said Voldemort, his snake\rquote s face jeering. \ldblquote Dum\-bledore\rquote s favorite solution, \i love,\i0  which he claimed conquered death, though love did not stop him falling from the tower and breaking like an old waxwork? \i Love,\i0  which did not prevent me stamping out your Mudblood mother like a cockroach, Potter \emdash  and nobody seems to love you enough to run forward this time and take my curse. So what will stop you dying now when I strike?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just one thing,\rdblquote  said Harry, and still they circled each other, wrapped in each other, held apart by nothing but the last secret.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If it is not love that will save you this time,\rdblquote  said Voldemort, \ldblquote you must believe that you have magic that I do not, or else a weapon more powerful than mine?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I believe both,\rdblquote  said Harry, and he saw shock flit across the snakelike face, though it was instantly dispelled; Voldemort began to laugh, and the sound was more frightening than his screams; humorless and insane, it echoed around the silent Hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think \i you\i0  know more magic than I do?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Than \i I, \i0 than Lord Voldemort, who has performed magic that Dumbledore himself never dreamed of?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, he dreamed of it,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but he knew more than you, knew enough not to do what you\rquote ve done.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mean he was weak!\rdblquote  screamed Voldemort. \ldblquote Too weak to dare, too weak to take what might have been his, what will be mine!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, he was cleverer than you,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote a better wizard, a better man.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I brought about the death of Albus Dumbledore!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You thought you did,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but you were wrong.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For the first time, the watching crowd stirred as the hundreds of people around the walls drew breath as one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Dumbledore is dead\i0 !\rdblquote  Voldemort hurled the words at Harry as though they would cause him unendurable pain. \ldblquote His body decays in the marble tomb in the grounds of this castle, I have seen it, Pot\-ter, and he will not return!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Dumbledore\rquote s dead,\rdblquote  said Harry calmly, \ldblquote but you didn\rquote t have him killed. He chose his own manner of dying, chose it months before he died, arranged the whole thing with the man you thought was your servant.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What childish dream is this?\rdblquote  said Voldemort, but still he did not strike, and his red eyes did not waver from Harry\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus Snape wasn\rquote t yours,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Snape was Dumble\-dore\rquote s, Dumbledore\rquote s from the moment you started hunting down my mother. And you never realized it, because of the thing you can\rquote t understand. You never saw Snape cast a Patronus, did you, Riddle?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort did not answer. They continued to circle each other like wolves about to tear each other apart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape\rquote s Patronus was a doe,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote the same as my moth\-er\rquote s, because he loved her for nearly all of his life, from the time when they were children. You should have realized,\rdblquote  he said as he saw Vol\-demort\rquote s nostrils flare, \ldblquote he asked you to spare her life, didn\rquote t he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He desired her, that was all,\rdblquote  sneered Voldemort, \ldblquote but when she had gone, he agreed that there were other women, and of purer blood, worthier of him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course he told you that,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but he was Dumble\-dore\rquote s spy from the moment you threatened her, and he\rquote s been work\-ing against you ever since! Dumbledore was already dying when Snape finished him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It matters not!\rdblquote  shrieked Voldemort, who had followed every word with rapt attention, but now let out a cackle of mad laughter. \ldblquote It matters not whether Snape was mine or Dumbledore\rquote s, or what petty obstacles they tried to put in my path! I crushed them as I crushed your mother, Snape\rquote s supposed great \i love\i0 ! Oh, but it all makes sense, Potter, and in ways that you do not understand!\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore was trying to keep the Elder Wand from me! He intended that Snape should be the true master of the wand! But I got there ahead of you, little boy \emdash  I reached the wand before you could get your hands on it, I understood the truth before you caught up. I killed Severus Snape three hours ago, and the Elder Wand, the Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny is truly mine! Dumbledore\rquote s last plan went wrong, Harry Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it did,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You\rquote re right. But before you try to kill me, I\rquote d advise you to think about what you\rquote ve done. \'85 Think, and try for some remorse, Riddle. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Of all the things that Harry had said to him, beyond any rev\-elation or taunt, nothing had shocked Voldemort like this. Harry saw his pupils contract to thin slits, saw the skin around his eyes whiten.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s your one last chance,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote it\rquote s all you\rquote ve got left. \'85 I\rquote ve seen what you\rquote ll be otherwise. \'85 Be a man \'85 try \'85 Try for some remorse. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You dare \emdash  ?\rdblquote  said Voldemort again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I dare,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote because Dumbledore\rquote s last plan hasn\rquote t backfired on me at all. It\rquote s backfired on you, Riddle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort\rquote s hand was trembling on the Elder Wand, and Harry gripped Draco\rquote s very tightly. The moment, he knew, was seconds away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That wand still isn\rquote t working properly for you because you mur\-dered the wrong person. Severus Snape was never the true master of the Elder Wand. He never defeated Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He killed\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aren\rquote t you listening? \i Snape never beat Dumbledore\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033 Dumbledore\rquote s death was planned between them! Dumbledore intended to die undefeated, the wand\rquote s last true master! If all had gone as planned, the wand\rquote s power would have died with him, because it had never been won from him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then, Potter, Dumbledore as good as gave me the wand!\rdblquote  Voldemort\rquote s voice shook with malicious pleasure. \ldblquote I stole the wand from its last master\rquote s tomb! I removed it against its last master\rquote s wishes! Its power is mine!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You still don\rquote t get it, Riddle, do you? Possessing the wand isn\rquote t enough! Holding it, using it, doesn\rquote t make it really yours. Didn\rquote t you listen to Ollivander? \i The wand chooses the wizard. \'85\i0  The Elder Wand recognized a new master before Dumbledore died, someone who never even laid a hand on it. The new master removed the wand from Dumbledore against his will, never realizing exactly what he had done, or that the world\rquote s most dangerous wand had given him its allegiance. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Voldemort\rquote s chest rose and fell rapidly, and Harry could feel the curse coming, feel it building inside the wand pointed at his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The true master of the Elder Wand was Draco Malfoy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Blank shock showed in Voldemort\rquote s face for a moment, but then it was gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what does it matter?\rdblquote  he said softly. \ldblquote Even if you are right, Potter, it makes no difference to you and me. You no longer have the phoenix wand: We duel on skill alone \'85 and after I have killed you, I can attend to Draco Malfoy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you\rquote re too late,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You\rquote ve missed your chance. I got there first. I overpowered Draco weeks ago. I took this wand from him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry twitched the hawthorn wand, and he felt the eyes of ev\-eryone in the Hall upon it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So it all comes down to this, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  whispered Harry. \ldblquote Does the wand in your hand know its last master was Disarmed? Because if it does\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I am the true master of the Elder Wand.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A red-gold glow burst suddenly across the enchanted sky above them as an edge of dazzling sun appeared over the sill of the near\-est window. The light hit both of their faces at the same time, so that Voldemort\rquote s was suddenly a flaming blur. Harry heard the high voice shriek as he too yelled his best hope to the heavens, pointing Draco\rquote s wand:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Avada Kedavra\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The bang was like a cannon blast, and the golden flames that erupted between them, at the dead center of the circle they had been treading, marked the point where the spells collided. Harry saw Voldemort\rquote s green jet meet his own spell, saw the Elder Wand fly high, dark against the sunrise, spinning across the enchanted ceiling like the head of Nagini, spinning through the air toward the master\lang3081  \lang1033 it would not kill, who had come to take full possession of it at last. And Harry, with the unerring skill of the Seeker, caught the wand in his free hand as Voldemort fell backward, arms splayed, the slit pupils of the scarlet eyes rolling upward. Tom Riddle hit the floor with a mundane finality, his body feeble and shrunken, the white hands empty, the snakelike face vacant and unknowing. Voldemort was dead, killed by his own rebounding curse, and Harry stood with two wands in his hand, staring down at his enemy\rquote s shell.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One shivering second of silence, the shock of the moment sus\-pended: and then the tumult broke around Harry as the screams and the cheers and the roars of the watchers rent the air. The fierce new sun dazzled the windows as they thundered toward him, and the first to reach him were Ron and Hermione, and it was their arms that were wrapped around him, their incomprehensible shouts that deafened him. Then Ginny, Neville, and Luna were there, and then all the Weasleys and Hagrid, and Kingsley and McGonagall and Flitwick and Sprout, and Harry could not hear a word that anyone was shouting, nor tell whose hands were seizing him, pulling him, trying to hug some part of him, hundreds of them pressing in, all of them determined to touch the Boy Who Lived, the reason it was over at last \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sun rose steadily over Hogwarts, and the Great Hall blazed with life and light. Harry was an indispensable part of the mingled outpourings of jubilation and mourning, of grief and celebration. They wanted him there with them, their leader and symbol, their savior and their guide, and that he had not slept, that he craved the company of only a few of them, seemed to occur to no one. He must speak to the bereaved, clasp their hands, witness their tears, receive their thanks, hear the news now creeping in from every quarter as\lang3081  \lang1033 the morning drew on; that the Imperiused up and down the country had come back to themselves, that Death Eaters were fleeing or else being captured, that the innocent of Azkaban were being released at that very moment, and that Kingsley Shacklebolt had been named temporary Minister of Magic. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They moved Voldemort\rquote s body and laid it in a chamber off the Hall, away from the bodies of Fred, Tonks, Lupin, Colin Creevey, and fifty others who had died fighting him. McGonagall had re\-placed the House tables, but nobody was sitting according to House anymore: All were jumbled together, teachers and pupils, ghosts and parents, centaurs and house-elves, and Firenze lay recovering in a corner, and Grawp peered in through a smashed window, and people were throwing food into his laughing mouth. After a while, exhausted and drained, Harry found himself sitting on a bench beside Luna.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d want some peace and quiet, if it were me,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d love some,\rdblquote  he replied.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll distract them all,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Use your Cloak.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And before he could say a word she had cried, \ldblquote Oooh, look, a Blibbering Humdinger!\rdblquote  and pointed out of the window. Everyone who heard looked around, and Harry slid the Cloak up over him\-self, and got to his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Now he could move through the Hall without interference. He spotted Ginny two tables away; she was sitting with her head on her mother\rquote s shoulder: There would be time to talk later, hours and days and maybe years in which to talk. He saw Neville, the sword of Gryffindor lying beside his plate as he ate, surrounded by a knot of fervent admirers. Along the aisle between the tables he walked, and he spotted the three Malfoys, huddled together as\lang3081  \lang1033 though unsure whether or not they were supposed to be there, but nobody was paying them any attention. Everywhere he looked he saw families reunited, and finally, he saw the two whose company he craved most.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s me,\rdblquote  he muttered, crouching down between them. \ldblquote Will you come with me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They stood up at once, and together he, Ron, and Hermione left the Great Hall. Great chunks were missing from the marble staircase, part of the balustrade gone, and rubble and bloodstains occurred every few steps as they climbed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Somewhere in the distance they could hear Peeves zooming through the corridors singing a victory song of his own composition:\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\qc\lang1033\i We did it, we bashed them, wee Potter\rquote s the one,\par
And Voldy\rquote s gone moldy, so now let\rquote s have fun!\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really gives a feeling for the scope and tragedy of the thing, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Ron, pushing open a door to let Harry and Hermi\-one through.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Happiness would come, Harry thought, but at the moment it was muffled by exhaustion, and the pain of losing Fred and Lupin and Tonks pierced him like a physical wound every few steps. Most of all he felt the most stupendous relief, and a longing to sleep. But first he owed an explanation to Ron and Hermione, who had stuck with him for so long, and who deserved the truth. Painstakingly he recounted what he had seen in the Pensieve and what had happened in the forest, and they had not even begun to express all their shock and amazement when at last they arrived at the place to which they had been walking, though none of them had mentioned their destination.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Since he had last seen it, the gargoyle guarding the entrance to the headmaster\rquote s study had been knocked aside; it stood lopsided, looking a little punch-drunk, and Harry wondered whether it would be able to distinguish passwords anymore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can we go up?\rdblquote  he asked the gargoyle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Feel free,\rdblquote  groaned the statue.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They clambered over him and onto the spiral stone staircase that moved slowly upward like an escalator. Harry pushed open the door at the top.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had one, brief glimpse of the stone Pensieve on the desk where he had left it, and then an earsplitting noise made him cry out, thinking of curses and returning Death Eaters and the rebirth of Voldemort \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But it was applause. All around the walls, the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts were giving him a standing ovation; they waved their hats and in some cases their wigs, they reached through their frames to grip each other\rquote s hands; they danced up and down on the chairs in which they had been painted; Dilys Derwent sobbed unashamedly; Dexter Fortescue was waving his ear-trumpet; and Phineas Nigellus called, in his high, reedy voice, \ldblquote And let it be noted that Slytherin House played its part! Let our contribution not be forgotten!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry had eyes only for the man who stood in the largest portrait directly behind the headmaster\rquote s chair. Tears were sliding down from behind the half-moon spectacles into the long silver beard, and the pride and the gratitude emanating from him filled Harry with the same balm as phoenix song.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At last, Harry held up his hands, and the portraits fell respectfully silent, beaming and mopping their eyes and waiting eagerly for him\lang3081  \lang1033 to speak. He directed his words at Dumbledore, however, and chose them with enormous care. Exhausted and bleary-eyed though he was, he must make one last effort, seeking one last piece of advice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The thing that was hidden in the Snitch,\rdblquote  he began, \ldblquote I dropped it in the forest. I don\rquote t know exactly where, but I\rquote m not going to go looking for it again. Do you agree?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear boy, I do,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, while his fellow pictures looked confused and curious. \ldblquote A wise and courageous decision, but no less than I would have expected of you. Does anyone else know where it fell?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one,\rdblquote  said Harry, and Dumbledore nodded his satisfaction.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to keep Ignotus\rquote s present, though,\rdblquote  said Harry, and Dumbledore beamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But of course, Harry, it is yours forever, until you pass it on!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then there\rquote s this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry held up the Elder Wand, and Ron and Hermione looked at it with a reverence that, even in his befuddled and sleep-deprived state, Harry did not like to see.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want it,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron loudly. \ldblquote Are you mental?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know it\rquote s powerful,\rdblquote  said Harry wearily. \ldblquote But I was happier with mine. So \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He rummaged in the pouch hung around his neck, and pulled out the two halves of holly still just connected by the finest thread of phoenix feather. Hermione had said that they could not be re\-paired, that the damage was too severe. All he knew was that if this did not work, nothing would.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He laid the broken wand upon the headmaster\rquote s desk, touched it with the very tip of the Elder Wand, and said, \ldblquote\i Reparo.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As his wand resealed, red sparks flew out of its end. Harry knew that he had succeeded. He picked up the holly and phoenix wand and felt a sudden warmth in his fingers, as though wand and hand were rejoicing at their reunion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m putting the Elder Wand,\rdblquote  he told Dumbledore, who was watching him with enormous affection and admiration, \ldblquote back where it came from. It can stay there. If I die a natural death like Ignotus, its power will be broken, won\rquote t it? The previous master will never have been defeated. That\rquote ll be the end of it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore nodded. They smiled at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you sure?\rdblquote  said Ron. There was the faintest trace of longing in his voice as he looked at the Elder Wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think Harry\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That wand\rquote s more trouble than it\rquote s worth,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote And quite honestly,\rdblquote  he turned away from the painted portraits, think\-ing now only of the four-poster bed lying waiting for him in Gryf\-findor Tower, and wondering whether Kreacher might bring him a sandwich there, \ldblquote I\rquote ve had enough trouble for a lifetime.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Epilogue\par
\pard\qc Nineteen Years Later\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Autumn seemed to arrive suddenly that year. The morning of the first of September was crisp and golden as an apple, and as the little family bobbed across the rumbling road toward the great sooty station, the fumes of car exhausts and the breath of pedestrians sparkled like cobwebs in the cold air. Two large cages rattled on top of the laden trolleys the parents were pushing; the owls inside them hooted indignantly, and the redheaded girl trailed tearfully behind her brothers, clutching her father\rquote s arm.\par
\ldblquote It won\rquote t be long, and you\rquote ll be going too,\rdblquote  Harry told her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Two years,\rdblquote  sniffed Lily. \ldblquote I want to go \i now\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The commuters stared curiously at the owls as the family wove its way toward the barrier between platforms nine and ten. Albus\rquote s voice drifted back to Harry over the surrounding clamor; his sons had resumed the argument they had started in the car.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \i won\rquote t\i0 ! I \i won\rquote t\i0  be in Slytherin!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote James, give it a rest!\rdblquote  said Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I only said he \i might\i0  be,\rdblquote  said James, grinning at his younger brother. \ldblquote There\rquote s nothing wrong with that. He \i might\i0  be in Slyth \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But James caught his mother\rquote s eye and fell silent. The five Potters approached the barrier. With a slightly cocky look over his shoulder at his younger brother, James took the trolley from his mother and broke into a run. A moment later, he had vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll write to me, won\rquote t you?\rdblquote  Albus asked his parents immedi\-ately, capitalizing on the momentary absence of his brother.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Every day, if you want us to,\rdblquote  said Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not \i every\i0  day,\rdblquote  said Albus quickly. \ldblquote James says most people only get letters from home about once a month.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We wrote to James three times a week last year,\rdblquote  said Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you don\rquote t want to believe everything he tells you about Hogwarts,\rdblquote  Harry put in. \ldblquote He likes a laugh, your brother.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Side by side, they pushed the second trolley forward, gathering speed. As they reached the barrier, Albus winced, but no collision came. Instead, the family emerged onto platform nine and three-quarters, which was obscured by thick white steam that was pouring from the scarlet Hogwarts Express. Indistinct figures were swarming through the mist, into which James had already disappeared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are they?\rdblquote  asked Albus anxiously, peering at the hazy forms they passed as they made their way down the platform.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll find them,\rdblquote  said Ginny reassuringly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the vapor was dense, and it was difficult to make out any\-body\rquote s faces. Detached from their owners, voices sounded unnatu\-rally loud. Harry thought he heard Percy discoursing loudly on broomstick regulations, and was quite glad of the excuse not to stop and say hello. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think that\rquote s them, Al,\rdblquote  said Ginny suddenly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A group of four people emerged from the mist, standing alongside the very last carriage. Their faces only came into focus when Harry, Ginny, Lily, and Albus had drawn right up to them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi,\rdblquote  said Albus, sounding immensely relieved.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rose, who was already wearing her brand-new Hogwarts robes, beamed at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Parked all right, then?\rdblquote  Ron asked Harry. \ldblquote I did. Hermione didn\rquote t believe I could pass a Muggle driving test, did you? She thought I\rquote d have to Confund the examiner.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I didn\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote I had complete faith in you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As a matter of fact, I \i did\i0  Confund him,\rdblquote  Ron whispered to Harry, as together they lifted Albus\rquote s trunk and owl onto the train. \ldblquote I only forgot to look in the wing mirror, and let\rquote s face it, I can use a Supersensory Charm for that.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Back on the platform, they found Lily and Hugo, Rose\rquote s younger brother, having an animated discussion about which House they would be sorted into when they finally went to Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you\rquote re not in Gryffindor, we\rquote ll disinherit you,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote but no pressure.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Ron\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lily and Hugo laughed, but Albus and Rose looked solemn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He doesn\rquote t mean it,\rdblquote  said Hermione and Ginny, but Ron was no longer paying attention. Catching Harry\rquote s eye, he nodded covertly to a point some fifty yards away. The steam had thinned for a moment, and three people stood in sharp relief against the shifting mist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look who it is.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Draco Malfoy was standing there with his wife and son, a dark coat buttoned up to his throat. His hair was receding somewhat,\lang3081  \lang1033 which emphasized the pointed chin. The new boy resembled Draco as much as Albus resembled Harry. Draco caught sight of Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny staring at him, nodded curtly, and turned away again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that\rquote s little Scorpius,\rdblquote  said Ron under his breath. \ldblquote Make sure you beat him in every test, Rosie. Thank God you inherited your mother\rquote s brains.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, for heaven\rquote s sake,\rdblquote  said Hermione, half stern, half amused. \ldblquote Don\rquote t try to turn them against each other before they\rquote ve even started school!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re right, sorry,\rdblquote  said Ron, but unable to help himself, he added, \ldblquote Don\rquote t get \i too\i0  friendly with him, though, Rosie. Granddad Weasley would never forgive you if you married a pureblood.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 James had reappeared; he had divested himself of his trunk, owl, and trolley, and was evidently bursting with news.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Teddy\rquote s back there,\rdblquote  he said breathlessly, pointing back over his shoulder into the billowing clouds of steam. \ldblquote Just seen him! And guess what he\rquote s doing? \i Snogging Victoire\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gazed up at the adults, evidently disappointed by the lack of reaction.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Our \i0 Teddy! \i Teddy Lupin\i0 ! Snogging \i our\i0  Victoire! \i Our\i0  cousin! And I asked Teddy what he was doing \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You interrupted them?\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote You are \i so\i0  like Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and he said he\rquote d come to see her off! And then he told me to go away. He\rquote s \i snogging\i0  her!\rdblquote  James added as though worried he had not made himself clear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it would be lovely if they got married!\rdblquote  whispered Lily ec\-statically. \ldblquote Teddy would \i really\i0  be part of the family then!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He already comes round for dinner about four times a week,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Why don\rquote t we just invite him to live with us and have done with it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah!\rdblquote  said James enthusiastically. \ldblquote I don\rquote t mind sharing with Al \emdash  Teddy could have my room!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly, \ldblquote you and Al will share a room only when I want the house demolished.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He checked the battered old watch that had once been Fabian Prewett\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s nearly eleven, you\rquote d better get on board.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t forget to give Neville our love!\rdblquote  Ginny told James as she hugged him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum! I can\rquote t give a professor \i love\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you \i know\i0  Neville \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 James rolled his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Outside, yeah, but at school he\rquote s Professor Longbottom, isn\rquote t he? I can\rquote t walk into Herbology and give him \i love. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Shaking his head at his mother\rquote s foolishness, he vented his feel\-ings by aiming a kick at Albus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See you later, Al. Watch out for the thestrals.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought they were invisible? \i You said they were invisible\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But James merely laughed, permitted his mother to kiss him, gave his father a fleeting hug, then leapt onto the rapidly filling train. They saw him wave, then sprint away up the corridor to find his friends.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thestrals are nothing to worry about,\rdblquote  Harry told Albus. \ldblquote They\rquote re gentle things, there\rquote s nothing scary about them. Anyway, you won\rquote t be going up to school in the carriages, you\rquote ll be going in the boats.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny kissed Albus good-bye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See you at Christmas.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bye, Al,\rdblquote  said Harry as his son hugged him. \ldblquote Don\rquote t forget Hagrid\rquote s invited you to tea next Friday. Don\rquote t mess with Peeves. Don\rquote t duel anyone till you\rquote ve learned how. And don\rquote t let James wind you up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What if I\rquote m in Slytherin?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The whisper was for his father alone, and Harry knew that only the moment of departure could have forced Albus to reveal how great and sincere that fear was.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry crouched down so that Albus\rquote s face was slightly above his own. Alone of Harry\rquote s three children, Albus had inherited Lily\rquote s eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Albus Severus,\rdblquote  Harry said quietly, so that nobody but Ginny could hear, and she was tactful enough to pretend to be waving to Rose, who was now on the train, \ldblquote you were named for two headmas\-ters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin and he was probably the bravest man I ever knew.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i But just say\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  then Slytherin House will have gained an excellent student, won\rquote t it? It doesn\rquote t matter to us, Al. But if it matters to you, you\rquote ll be able to choose Gryffindor over Slytherin. The Sorting Hat takes your choice into account.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It did for me,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had never told any of his children that before, and he saw the wonder in Albus\rquote s face when he said it. But now the doors were slamming all along the scarlet train, and the blurred outlines of par\-ents were swarming forward for final kisses, last-minute reminders.\lang3081  \lang1033 Albus jumped into the carriage and Ginny closed the door behind him. Students were hanging from the windows nearest them. A great number of faces, both on the train and off, seemed to be turned toward Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why are they all \i staring\i0 ?\rdblquote  demanded Albus as he and Rose craned around to look at the other students.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t let it worry you,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s me. I\rquote m extremely famous.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Albus, Rose, Hugo, and Lily laughed. The train began to move, and Harry walked alongside it, watching his son\rquote s thin face, al\-ready ablaze with excitement. Harry kept smiling and waving, even though it was like a little bereavement, watching his son glide away from him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The last trace of steam evaporated in the autumn air. The train rounded a corner. Harry\rquote s hand was still raised in farewell.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote ll be all right,\rdblquote  murmured Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry looked at her, he lowered his hand absentmindedly and touched the lightning scar on his forehead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know he will.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The scar had not pained Harry for nineteen years. All was well.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
}
 