{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qc\f0\fs36 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets\par
\fs24 by\par
\fs32 J. K. Rowling\par
Illustrations By Mary Grandpr\'e9\par
\fs24\par
Arthur A. Levine Books\par
An Imprint Of Scholastic Press.\par
\par
\i For Se\'e1n P. F. Harris.\par
Getaway driver and foul-weather friend\par
\i0\par
\lang1033\fs22 Text copyright \'a9 1999 by J. K. Rowling.\par
Illustrations by Mary GrandPr\lang3081\'e9\lang1033  copyright \'a9 1999 Warner Bros.\par
All rights reserved. Published by Scholastic Press, a division of Scholastic Inc.,\par
\i Publishers since 1920.\i0\par
SCHOLASTIC, SCHOLASTIC PRESS, and the LANTERN LOGO\par
are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Scholastic Inc.\par
\par
HARRY POTTER, characters, names, and related indicia are trademarks and \'a9 Warner Bros.\par
Harry Potter Publishing Rights \'a9 J. K. Rowling\par
\par
No part of this publication may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted\par
in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise,\par
without written permission of the publisher. For information regarding permission, write\par
to Scholastic Inc., Attention: Permissions Department, 557 Broadway, New York, NY 10012.\par
\par
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data\par
\par
Rowling, J. K.\par
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets / by J. K. Rowling.\par
p.    cm.\par
Summary: When the Chamber of Secrets is opened again at the Hogwarts School\par
of Witchcraft and Wizardry, second-year student Harry Potter finds himself in danger\par
from a dark power that has once more been released on the school.\par
ISBN 0-439-06486-4\par
[1. Wizards \emdash  Fiction.    2. Magic \emdash  Fiction.    3. Schools \emdash  Fiction.\par
4. England \emdash  Fiction.]    I. Title.\par
PZ7.R7968Har    1999\par
[Fic] \emdash  dc21    98-46370\par
\par
60 59 58 57 56 55 54 53                     02 03 04 05 06\par
Printed in the U.S.A.    23\par
First American edition, June 1999\i\par
\i0\par
\pard\sa120\qc\lang3081\fs24\page\fs36 Chapter 1\par
\pard\qc\lang1033 The Worst Birthday\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\lang1033 Not for the first time, an argument had broken out over breakfast at number four, Privet Drive. Mr. Vernon Durs\-ley had been woken in the early hours of the morning by a loud, hooting noise from his nephew Harry\rquote s room.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Third time this week!\rdblquote  he roared across the table. \ldblquote If you can\rquote t control that owl, it\rquote ll have to go!\rdblquote\par
Harry tried, yet again, to explain.\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s \i bored,\i0\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote She\rquote s used to flying around outside. If I could just let her out at night \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do I look stupid?\rdblquote  snarled Uncle Vernon, a bit of fried egg dan\-gling from his bushy mustache. \ldblquote I know what\rquote ll happen if that owl\rquote s let out.\rdblquote\par
He exchanged dark looks with his wife, Petunia.\par
Harry tried to argue back but his words were drowned by a long, loud belch from the Dursleys\rquote  son, Dudley.\par
\ldblquote I want more bacon.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s more in the frying pan, sweetums,\rdblquote  said Aunt Petunia, turning misty eyes on her massive son. \ldblquote We must build you up while we\rquote ve got the chance. \'85 I don\rquote t like the sound of that school food. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nonsense, Petunia, I never went hungry when \i I\i0  was at Smelt\-ings,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon heartily. \ldblquote Dudley gets enough, don\rquote t you, son?\rdblquote\par
Dudley, who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the kitchen chair, grinned and turned to Harry.\par
\ldblquote Pass the frying pan.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve forgotten the magic word,\rdblquote  said Harry irritably.\par
The effect of this simple sentence on the rest of the family was incredible: Dudley gasped and fell off his chair with a crash that shook the whole kitchen; Mrs. Dursley gave a small scream and clapped her hands to her mouth; Mr. Dursley jumped to his feet, veins throbbing in his temples.\par
\ldblquote I meant \lquote please\rquote !\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote WHAT HAVE I TOLD YOU,\rdblquote  thundered his uncle, spraying spit over the table, \ldblquote ABOUT SAYING THE \lquote M\rquote  WORD IN OUR HOUSE?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But I \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote HOW DARE YOU THREATEN DUDLEY!\rdblquote  roared Uncle Vernon, pounding the table with his fist.\par
\ldblquote I just \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I WARNED YOU! I WILL NOT TOLERATE MENTION OF YOUR ABNORMALITY UNDER THIS ROOF!\rdblquote\par
Harry stared from his purple-faced uncle to his pale aunt, who was trying to heave Dudley to his feet.\par
\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote\i all right\i0  \'85\rdblquote\par
Uncle Vernon sat back down, breathing like a winded rhinoceros and watching Harry closely out of the corners of his small, sharp eyes.\par
Ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays, Un\-cle Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment, because Harry Potter \i wasn\rquote t\i0  a normal boy. As a mat\-ter of fact, he was as not normal as it is possible to be.\par
Harry Potter was a wizard \emdash  a wizard fresh from his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. And if the Dursleys were unhappy to have him back for the holidays, it was nothing to how Harry felt.\par
He missed Hogwarts so much it was like having a constant stomachache. He missed the castle, with its secret passageways and ghosts, his classes (though perhaps not Snape, the Potions master), the mail arriving by owl, eating banquets in the Great Hall, sleep\-ing in his four-poster bed in the tower dormitory, visiting the gamekeeper, Hagrid, in his cabin next to the Forbidden Forest in the grounds, and, especially, Quidditch, the most popular sport in the wizarding world (six tall goal posts, four flying balls, and four\-teen players on broomsticks).\par
All Harry\rquote s spellbooks, his wand, robes, cauldron, and top-of-the-line Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had been locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry had come home. What did the Dursleys care if Harry lost his place on the House Quidditch team because he hadn\rquote t practiced all sum\-mer? What was it to the Dursleys if Harry went back to school without any of his homework done? The Dursleys were what wiz\-ards called Muggles (not a drop of magical blood in their veins), and as far as they were concerned, having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame. Uncle Vernon had even padlocked Harry\rquote s owl, Hedwig, inside her cage, to stop her from carrying messages to anyone in the wizarding world.\par
Harry looked nothing like the rest of the family. Uncle Vernon was large and neckless, with an enormous black mustache; Aunt Petunia was horse-faced and bony; Dudley was blond, pink, and porky. Harry, on the other hand, was small and skinny, with bril\-liant green eyes and jet-black hair that was always untidy. He wore round glasses, and on his forehead was a thin, lightning-shaped scar.\par
It was this scar that made Harry so particularly unusual, even for a wizard. This scar was the only hint of Harry\rquote s very mysterious past, of the reason he had been left on the Dursleys\rquote  doorstep eleven years before.\par
At the age of one year old, Harry had somehow survived a curse from the greatest Dark sorcerer of all time, Lord Voldemort, whose name most witches and wizards still feared to speak. Harry\rquote s par\-ents had died in Voldemort\rquote s attack, but Harry had escaped with his lightning scar, and somehow \emdash  nobody understood why \emdash  Voldemort\rquote s powers had been destroyed the instant he had failed to kill Harry.\par
So Harry had been brought up by his dead mother\rquote s sister and her husband. He had spent ten years with the Dursleys, never un\-derstanding why he kept making odd things happen without meaning to, believing the Dursleys\rquote  story that he had got his scar in the car crash that had killed his parents.\par
And then, exactly a year ago, Hogwarts had written to Harry, and the whole story had come out. Harry had taken up his place at wizard school, where he and his scar were famous \'85 but now the school year was over, and he was back with the Dursleys for the summer, back to being treated like a dog that had rolled in some\-thing smelly.\par
The Dursleys hadn\rquote t even remembered that today happened to be Harry\rquote s twelfth birthday. Of course, his hopes hadn\rquote t been high; they\rquote d never given him a real present, let alone a cake \emdash  but to ig\-nore it completely \'85\par
At that moment, Uncle Vernon cleared his throat importantly and said, \ldblquote Now, as we all know, today is a very important day.\rdblquote\par
Harry looked up, hardly daring to believe it.\par
\ldblquote This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my ca\-reer,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon.\par
Harry went back to his toast. \i Of course,\i0  he thought bitterly, \i Un\-cle Vernon was talking about the stupid dinner party.\i0  He\rquote d been talk\-ing of nothing else for two weeks. Some rich builder and his wife were coming to dinner and Uncle Vernon was hoping to get a huge order from him (Uncle Vernon\rquote s company made drills).\par
\ldblquote I think we should run through the schedule one more time,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote We should all be in position at eight o\rquote clock. Petunia, you will be \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote In the lounge,\rdblquote  said Aunt Petunia promptly, \ldblquote waiting to wel\-come them graciously to our home.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good, good. And Dudley?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll be waiting to open the door.\rdblquote  Dudley put on a foul, sim\-pering smile. \ldblquote May I take your coats, Mr. and Mrs. Mason?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They\rquote ll \i love\i0  him!\rdblquote  cried Aunt Petunia rapturously.\par
\ldblquote Excellent, Dudley,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon. Then he rounded on Harry. \ldblquote And \i you\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll be in my bedroom, making no noise and pretending I\rquote m not there,\rdblquote  said Harry tonelessly.\par
\ldblquote Exactly,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon nastily. \ldblquote I will lead them into the lounge, introduce you, Petunia, and pour them drinks. At eight-fifteen \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll announce dinner,\rdblquote  said Aunt Petunia.\par
\ldblquote And, Dudley, you\rquote ll say \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote May I take you through to the dining room, Mrs. Mason?\rdblquote  said Dudley, offering his fat arm to an invisible woman.\par
\ldblquote My perfect little gentleman!\rdblquote  sniffed Aunt Petunia.\par
\ldblquote And \i you\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon viciously to Harry.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll be in my room, making no noise and pretending I\rquote m not there,\rdblquote  said Harry dully.\par
\ldblquote Precisely. Now, we should aim to get in a few good compli\-ments at dinner. Petunia, any ideas?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Vernon tells me you\rquote re a \i wonderful\i0  golfer, Mr. Mason. \'85 \i Do \i0 tell me where you bought your dress, Mrs. Mason. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Perfect \'85 Dudley?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How about \emdash  \lquote We had to write an essay about our hero at school, Mr. Mason, and \i I\i0  wrote about \i you.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\par
This was too much for both Aunt Petunia and Harry. Aunt Petu\-nia burst into tears and hugged her son, while Harry ducked under the table so they wouldn\rquote t see him laughing.\par
\ldblquote And you, boy?\rdblquote\par
Harry fought to keep his face straight as he emerged.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll be in my room, making no noise and pretending I\rquote m not there,\rdblquote  he said.\par
\ldblquote Too right, you will,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon forcefully. \ldblquote The Ma\-sons don\rquote t know anything about you and it\rquote s going to stay that way. When dinner\rquote s over, you take Mrs. Mason back to the lounge for coffee, Petunia, and I\rquote ll bring the subject around to drills. With any luck, I\rquote ll have the deal signed and sealed before the news at ten. We\rquote ll be shopping for a vacation home in Majorca this time to\-morrow.\rdblquote\par
Harry couldn\rquote t feel too excited about this. He didn\rquote t think the Dursleys would like him any better in Majorca than they did on Privet Drive.\par
\ldblquote Right \emdash  I\rquote m off into town to pick up the dinner jackets for Dudley and me. And \i you,\i0\rdblquote  he snarled at Harry. \ldblquote You stay out of your aunt\rquote s way while she\rquote s cleaning.\rdblquote\par
Harry left through the back door. It was a brilliant, sunny day. He crossed the lawn, slumped down on the garden bench, and sang under his breath:\par
\ldblquote Happy birthday to me \'85 happy birthday to me \'85\rdblquote\par
No cards, no presents, and he would be spending the evening pretending not to exist. He gazed miserably into the hedge. He had never felt so lonely. More than anything else at Hogwarts, more even than playing Quidditch, Harry missed his best friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. They, however, didn\rquote t seem to be missing him at all. Neither of them had written to him all summer, even though Ron had said he was going to ask Harry to come and stay.\par
Countless times, Harry had been on the point of unlocking Hedwig\rquote s cage by magic and sending her to Ron and Hermione with a letter, but it wasn\rquote t worth the risk. Underage wizards weren\rquote t allowed to use magic outside of school. Harry hadn\rquote t told the Dursleys this; he knew it was only their terror that he might turn them all into dung beetles that stopped them from locking \i him\i0  in the cupboard under the stairs with his wand and broomstick. For the first couple of weeks back, Harry had enjoyed muttering non\-sense words under his breath and watching Dudley tearing out of the room as fast as his fat legs would carry him. But the long silence from Ron and Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that even taunting Dudley had lost its appeal \emdash  and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten his birthday.\par
What wouldn\rquote t he give now for a message from Hogwarts? From any witch or wizard? He\rquote d almost be glad of a sight of his arch\-enemy, Draco Malfoy, just to be sure it hadn\rquote t all been a dream. \'85\par
Not that his whole year at Hogwarts had been fun. At the very end of last term, Harry had come face-to-face with none other than Lord Voldemort himself. Voldemort might be a ruin of his former self, but he was still terrifying, still cunning, still determined to re\-gain power. Harry had slipped through Voldemort\rquote s clutches for a second time, but it had been a narrow escape, and even now, weeks later, Harry kept waking in the night, drenched in cold sweat, won\-dering where Voldemort was now, remembering his livid face, his wide, mad eyes \emdash\par
Harry suddenly sat bolt upright on the garden bench. He had been staring absent-mindedly into the hedge \emdash  \i and the hedge was staring back.\i0  Two enormous green eyes had appeared among the leaves.\par
Harry jumped to his feet just as a jeering voice floated across the lawn.\par
\ldblquote I know what day it is,\rdblquote  sang Dudley, waddling toward him.\par
The huge eyes blinked and vanished.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry, not taking his eyes off the spot where they had been.\par
\ldblquote I know what day it is,\rdblquote  Dudley repeated, coming right up to him.\par
\ldblquote Well done,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote So you\rquote ve finally learned the days of the week.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Today\rquote s your \i birthday,\i0\rdblquote  sneered Dudley. \ldblquote How come you haven\rquote t got any cards? Haven\rquote t you even got friends at that freak place?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Better not let your mum hear you talking about my school,\rdblquote  said Harry coolly.\par
Dudley hitched up his trousers, which were slipping down his fat bottom.\par
\ldblquote Why\rquote re you staring at the hedge?\rdblquote  he said suspiciously.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m trying to decide what would be the best spell to set it on fire,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Dudley stumbled backward at once, a look of panic on his fat face.\par
\ldblquote You c-can\rquote t \emdash  Dad told you you\rquote re not to do m-magic \emdash  he said he\rquote ll chuck you out of the house \emdash  and you haven\rquote t got any\-where else to go \emdash  you haven\rquote t got any \i friends\i0  to take you \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Jiggery pokery\i0 !\rdblquote  said Harry in a fierce voice. \ldblquote\i Hocus pocus\i0  \emdash  \i squiggly wiggly\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote MUUUUUUM!\rdblquote  howled Dudley, tripping over his feet as he dashed back toward the house. \ldblquote MUUUUM! He\rquote s doing you know what!\rdblquote\par
Harry paid dearly for his moment of fun. As neither Dudley nor the hedge was in any way hurt, Aunt Petunia knew he hadn\rquote t really done magic, but he still had to duck as she aimed a heavy blow at his head with the soapy frying pan. Then she gave him work to do, with the promise he wouldn\rquote t eat again until he\rquote d finished.\par
While Dudley lolled around watching and eating ice cream, Harry cleaned the windows, washed the car, mowed the lawn, trimmed the flowerbeds, pruned and watered the roses, and re\-painted the garden bench. The sun blazed overhead, burning the back of his neck. Harry knew he shouldn\rquote t have risen to Dudley\rquote s bait, but Dudley had said the very thing Harry had been thinking himself \'85 maybe he \i didn\rquote t\i0  have any friends at Hogwarts. \'85\i\par
Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now,\i0  he thought savagely as he spread manure on the flower beds, his back aching, sweat run\-ning down his face.\par
It was half past seven in the evening when at last, exhausted, he heard Aunt Petunia calling him.\par
\ldblquote Get in here! And walk on the newspaper!\rdblquote\par
Harry moved gladly into the shade of the gleaming kitchen. On top of the fridge stood tonight\rquote s pudding: a huge mound of whipped cream and sugared violets. A loin of roast pork was siz\-zling in the oven.\par
\ldblquote Eat quickly! The Masons will be here soon!\rdblquote  snapped Aunt Petunia, pointing to two slices of bread and a lump of cheese on the kitchen table. She was already wearing a salmon-pink cocktail dress.\par
Harry washed his hands and bolted down his pitiful supper. The moment he had finished, Aunt Petunia whisked away his plate. \ldblquote Upstairs! Hurry!\rdblquote\par
As he passed the door to the living room, Harry caught a glimpse of Uncle Vernon and Dudley in bow ties and dinner jack\-ets. He had only just reached the upstairs landing when the door\-bell rang and Uncle Vernon\rquote s furious face appeared at the foot of the stairs.\par
\ldblquote Remember, boy \emdash  one sound \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry crossed to his bedroom on tiptoe, slipped inside, closed the door, and turned to collapse on his bed.\par
The trouble was, there was already someone sitting on it.\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 2\par
\pard\qc Dobby\rquote s Warning\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033 Harry managed not to shout out, but it was a close thing. The little creature on the bed had large, bat-like ears and bulging green eyes the size of tennis balls. Harry knew instantly that this was what had been watching him out of the garden hedge that morning.\par
\lang3081 As they stared at each other, Harry heard Dudley\rquote s voice from the hall.\par
\ldblquote May I take your coats, Mr. and Mrs. Mason?\rdblquote\par
The creature slipped off the bed and bowed so low that the end of its long, thin nose touched the carpet. Harry noticed that it was wearing what looked like an old pillowcase, with rips for arm- and leg-holes.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  hello,\rdblquote  said Harry nervously.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter!\rdblquote  said the creature in a high-pitched voice Harry was sure would carry down the stairs. \ldblquote So long has Dobby wanted to meet you, sir \'85 Such an honor it is. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Th-thank you,\rdblquote  said Harry, edging along the wall and sinking into his desk chair, next to Hedwig, who was asleep in her large cage. He wanted to ask, \ldblquote What are you?\rdblquote  but thought it would sound too rude, so instead he said, \ldblquote Who are you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dobby, sir. Just Dobby. Dobby the house-elf,\rdblquote  said the crea\-ture.\par
\ldblquote Oh \emdash  really?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Er \emdash  I don\rquote t want to be rude or anything, but \emdash  this isn\rquote t a great time for me to have a house-elf in my bedroom.\rdblquote\par
Aunt Petunia\rquote s high, false laugh sounded from the living room. The elf hung his head.\par
\ldblquote Not that I\rquote m not pleased to meet you,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, \ldblquote but, er, is there any particular reason you\rquote re here?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, yes, sir,\rdblquote  said Dobby earnestly. \ldblquote Dobby has come to tell you, sir \'85 it is difficult, sir \'85 Dobby wonders where to be\-gin. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sit down,\rdblquote  said Harry politely, pointing at the bed.\par
To his horror, the elf burst into tears \emdash  very noisy tears.\par
\ldblquote\i S-sit down\i0 !\rdblquote  he wailed. \ldblquote\i Never\i0  \i\'85 never ever\i0  \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry thought he heard the voices downstairs falter.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  he whispered, \ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean to offend you or any\-thing \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Offend Dobby!\rdblquote  choked the elf. \ldblquote Dobby has \i never\i0  been asked to sit down by a wizard \emdash  like an \i equal\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry, trying to say \ldblquote Shh!\rdblquote  and look comforting at the same time, ushered Dobby back onto the bed where he sat hiccoughing, looking like a large and very ugly doll. At last he managed to con\-trol himself, and sat with his great eyes fixed on Harry in an ex\-pression of watery adoration.\par
\ldblquote You can\rquote t have met many decent wizards,\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to cheer him up.\par
Dobby shook his head. Then, without warning, he leapt up and started banging his head furiously on the window, shouting, \ldblquote\i Bad \i0 Dobby! \i Bad\i0  Dobby!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t \emdash  what are you doing?\rdblquote  Harry hissed, springing up and pulling Dobby back onto the bed \emdash  Hedwig had woken up with a particularly loud screech and was beating her wings wildly against the bars of her cage.\par
\ldblquote Dobby had to punish himself, sir,\rdblquote  said the elf, who had gone slightly cross-eyed. \ldblquote Dobby almost spoke ill of his family, sir. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Your family?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The wizard family Dobby serves, sir. \'85 Dobby is a house-elf \emdash  bound to serve one house and one family forever. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do they know you\rquote re here?\rdblquote  asked Harry curiously.\par
Dobby shuddered.\par
\ldblquote Oh, no, sir, no \'85 Dobby will have to punish himself most grievously for coming to see you, sir. Dobby will have to shut his ears in the oven door for this. If they ever knew, sir \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But won\rquote t they notice if you shut your ears in the oven door?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dobby doubts it, sir. Dobby is always having to punish himself for something, sir. They lets Dobby get on with it, sir. Sometimes they reminds me to do extra punishments. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But why don\rquote t you leave? Escape?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A house-elf must be set free, sir. And the family will never set Dobby free \'85 Dobby will serve the family until he dies, sir. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry stared.\par
\ldblquote And I thought I had it bad staying here for another four weeks,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote This makes the Dursleys sound almost human. Can\rquote t any\-one help you? Can\rquote t I?\rdblquote\par
Almost at once, Harry wished he hadn\rquote t spoken. Dobby dis\-solved again into wails of gratitude.\par
\ldblquote Please,\rdblquote  Harry whispered frantically, \ldblquote please be quiet. If the Dursleys hear anything, if they know you\rquote re here \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter asks if he can help Dobby \'85 Dobby has heard of your greatness, sir, but of your goodness, Dobby never knew. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry, who was feeling distinctly hot in the face, said, \ldblquote What\-ever you\rquote ve heard about my greatness is a load of rubbish. I\rquote m not even top of my year at Hogwarts; that\rquote s Hermione, she \emdash\rdblquote\par
But he stopped quickly, because thinking about Hermione was painful.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter is humble and modest,\rdblquote  said Dobby reverently, his orb-like eyes aglow. \ldblquote Harry Potter speaks not of his triumph over He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Voldemort?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Dobby clapped his hands over his bat ears and moaned, \ldblquote Ah, speak not the name, sir! Speak not the name!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote I know lots of people don\rquote t like it. My friend Ron \emdash\rdblquote\par
He stopped again. Thinking about Ron was painful, too.\par
Dobby leaned toward Harry, his eyes wide as headlights.\par
\ldblquote Dobby heard tell,\rdblquote  he said hoarsely, \ldblquote that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time, just weeks ago \'85 that Harry Potter escaped \i yet again.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry nodded and Dobby\rquote s eyes suddenly shone with tears.\par
\ldblquote Ah, sir,\rdblquote  he gasped, dabbing his face with a corner of the grubby pillowcase he was wearing. \ldblquote Harry Potter is valiant and bold! He has braved so many dangers already! But Dobby has come to pro\-tect Harry Potter, to warn him, even if he \i does\i0  have to shut his ears in the oven door later. \'85 \i Harry Potter must not go back to Hogwarts.\i0\rdblquote\par
There was a silence broken only by the chink of knives and forks from downstairs and the distant rumble of Uncle Vernon\rquote s voice.\par
\ldblquote W-what?\rdblquote  Harry stammered. \ldblquote But I\rquote ve got to go back \emdash  term starts on September first. It\rquote s all that\rquote s keeping me going. You don\rquote t know what it\rquote s like here. I don\rquote t \i belong\i0  here. I belong in your world \emdash  at Hogwarts.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, no, no,\rdblquote  squeaked Dobby, shaking his head so hard his ears flapped. \ldblquote Harry Potter must stay where he is safe. He is too great, too good, to lose. If Harry Potter goes back to Hogwarts, he will be in mortal danger.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  said Harry in surprise.\par
\ldblquote There is a plot, Harry Potter. A plot to make most terrible things happen at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year,\rdblquote  whispered Dobby, suddenly trembling all over. \ldblquote Dobby has known it for months, sir. Harry Potter must not put himself in peril. He is too important, sir!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What terrible things?\rdblquote  said Harry at once. \ldblquote Who\rquote s plotting them?\rdblquote\par
Dobby made a funny choking noise and then banged his head frantically against the wall.\par
\ldblquote All right!\rdblquote  cried Harry, grabbing the elf\rquote s arm to stop him. \ldblquote You can\rquote t tell me. I understand. But why are you warning \i me\i0 ?\rdblquote  A sud\-den, unpleasant thought struck him. \ldblquote Hang on \emdash  this hasn\rquote t got anything to do with Vol \emdash  sorry \emdash  with You-Know-Who, has it? You could just shake or nod,\rdblquote  he added hastily as Dobby\rquote s head tilted worryingly close to the wall again.\par
Slowly, Dobby shook his head.\par
\ldblquote Not \emdash  not \i He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named,\i0  sir \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Dobby\rquote s eyes were wide and he seemed to be trying to give Harry a hint. Harry, however, was completely lost.\par
\ldblquote He hasn\rquote t got a brother, has he?\rdblquote\par
Dobby shook his head, his eyes wider than ever.\par
\ldblquote Well then, I can\rquote t think who else would have a chance of mak\-ing horrible things happen at Hogwarts,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I mean, there\rquote s Dumbledore, for one thing \emdash  you know who Dumbledore is, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
Dobby bowed his head.\par
\ldblquote Albus Dumbledore is the greatest headmaster Hogwarts has ever had. Dobby knows it, sir. Dobby has heard Dumbledore\rquote s powers rival those of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named at the height of his strength. But, sir\rdblquote  \emdash  Dobby\rquote s voice dropped to an urgent whisper \emdash  \ldblquote there are powers Dumbledore doesn\rquote t \'85 powers no decent wizard \'85\rdblquote\par
And before Harry could stop him, Dobby bounded off the bed, seized Harry\rquote s desk lamp, and started beating himself around the head with earsplitting yelps.\par
A sudden silence fell downstairs. Two seconds later Harry, heart thudding madly, heard Uncle Vernon coming into the hall, calling, \ldblquote Dudley must have left his television on again, the little tyke!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Quick! In the closet!\rdblquote  hissed Harry, stuffing Dobby in, shutting the door, and flinging himself onto the bed just as the door handle turned.\par
\ldblquote What \emdash  the \emdash  \i devil\i0  \emdash  are \emdash  you \emdash  doing?\rdblquote  said Uncle Ver\-non through gritted teeth, his face horribly close to Harry\rquote s. \ldblquote You\rquote ve just ruined the punch line of my Japanese golfer joke. \'85 One more sound and you\rquote ll wish you\rquote d never been born, boy!\rdblquote\par
He stomped flat-footed from the room.\par
Shaking, Harry let Dobby out of the closet.\par
\ldblquote See what it\rquote s like here?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote See why I\rquote ve got to go back to Hogwarts? It\rquote s the only place I\rquote ve got \emdash  well, I \i think\i0  I\rquote ve got friends.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Friends who don\rquote t even \i write \i0 to Harry Potter?\rdblquote  said Dobby slyly.\par
\ldblquote I expect they\rquote ve just been \emdash  wait a minute,\rdblquote  said Harry, frown\-ing. \ldblquote How do \i you \i0 know my friends haven\rquote t been writing to me?\rdblquote\par
Dobby shuffled his feet.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter mustn\rquote t be angry with Dobby. Dobby did it for the best \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Have you been stopping my letters\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dobby has them here, sir,\rdblquote  said the elf. Stepping nimbly out of Harry\rquote s reach, he pulled a thick wad of envelopes from the inside of the pillowcase he was wearing. Harry could make out Hermione\rquote s neat writing, Ron\rquote s untidy scrawl, and even a scribble that looked as though it was from the Hogwarts gamekeeper, Hagrid.\par
Dobby blinked anxiously up at Harry.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter mustn\rquote t be angry. \'85 Dobby hoped \'85 if Harry Potter thought his friends had forgotten him \'85 Harry Potter might not want to go back to school, sir. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry wasn\rquote t listening. He made a grab for the letters, but Dobby jumped out of reach.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter will have them, sir, if he gives Dobby his word that he will not return to Hogwarts. Ah, sir, this is a danger you must not face! Say you won\rquote t go back, sir!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry angrily. \ldblquote Give me my friends\rquote  letters!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then Harry Potter leaves Dobby no choice,\rdblquote  said the elf sadly.\par
Before Harry could move, Dobby had darted to the bedroom door, pulled it open, and sprinted down the stairs.\par
Mouth dry, stomach lurching, Harry sprang after him, trying not to make a sound. He jumped the last six steps, landing catlike on the hall carpet, looking around for Dobby. From the dining room he heard Uncle Vernon saying, \ldblquote\'85 tell Petunia that very funny story about those American plumbers, Mr. Mason. She\rquote s been dying to hear \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry ran up the hall into the kitchen and felt his stomach dis\-appear.\par
Aunt Petunia\rquote s masterpiece of a pudding, the mountain of cream and sugared violets, was floating up near the ceiling. On top of a cupboard in the corner crouched Dobby.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  croaked Harry. \ldblquote Please \'85 they\rquote ll kill me. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter must say he\rquote s not going back to school \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dobby \'85 please \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Say it, sir \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\par
Dobby gave him a tragic look.\par
\ldblquote Then Dobby must do it, sir, for Harry Potter\rquote s own good.\rdblquote\par
The pudding fell to the floor with a heart-stopping crash. Cream splattered the windows and walls as the dish shattered. With a crack like a whip, Dobby vanished.\par
There were screams from the dining room and Uncle Vernon burst into the kitchen to find Harry, rigid with shock, covered from head to foot in Aunt Petunia\rquote s pudding.\par
At first, it looked as though Uncle Vernon would manage to gloss the whole thing over. (\ldblquote Just our nephew \emdash  very disturbed \emdash  meeting strangers upsets him, so we kept him upstairs. \'85\rdblquote ) He shooed the shocked Masons back into the dining room, promised Harry he would flay him to within an inch of his life when the Ma\-sons had left, and handed him a mop. Aunt Petunia dug some ice cream out of the freezer and Harry, still shaking, started scrubbing the kitchen clean.\par
Uncle Vernon might still have been able to make his deal \emdash  if it hadn\rquote t been for the owl.\par
Aunt Petunia was just passing around a box of after-dinner mints when a huge barn owl swooped through the dining room window, dropped a letter on Mrs. Mason\rquote s head, and swooped out again. Mrs. Mason screamed like a banshee and ran from the house shouting about lunatics. Mr. Mason stayed just long enough to tell the Dursleys that his wife was mortally afraid of birds of all shapes and sizes, and to ask whether this was their idea of a joke.\par
Harry stood in the kitchen, clutching the mop for support, as Uncle Vernon advanced on him, a demonic glint in his tiny eyes.\par
\ldblquote Read it!\rdblquote  he hissed evilly, brandishing the letter the owl had de\-livered. \ldblquote Go on \emdash  read it!\rdblquote\par
Harry took it. It did not contain birthday greetings.\par
\par
Dear Mr. Potter,\par
We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your place of residence this evening at twelve min\-utes past nine.\par
As you know, underage wizards are not permitted to per\-form spells outside school, and further spellwork on your part may lead to expulsion from said school (Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, 1875, Para\-graph C).\par
We would also ask you to remember that any magical activity that risks notice by members of the non-magical community (Muggles) is a serious offense under section 13 of the International Confederation of Warlocks\rquote  Statute of Secrecy.\par
Enjoy your holidays!\par
Yours sincerely,\par
Mafalda Hopkirk\par
IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE\i\par
Ministry of Magic\i0\par
\par
Harry looked up from the letter and gulped.\par
\ldblquote You didn\rquote t tell us you weren\rquote t allowed to use magic outside school,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, a mad gleam dancing in his eyes. \ldblquote For\-got to mention it. \'85 Slipped your mind, I daresay. \'85\rdblquote\par
He was bearing down on Harry like a great bulldog, all his teeth bared. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote ve got news for you, boy. \'85 I\rquote m locking you up. \'85 You\rquote re never going back to that school \'85 never \'85 and if you try and magic yourself out \emdash  they\rquote ll expel you!\rdblquote\par
And laughing like a maniac, he dragged Harry back upstairs.\par
Uncle Vernon was as bad as his word. The following morning, he paid a man to fit bars on Harry\rquote s window. He himself fitted a cat-flap in the bedroom door, so that small amounts of food could be pushed inside three times a day. They let Harry out to use the bathroom morning and evening. Otherwise, he was locked in his room around the clock.\par
\par
\lang1033 Three days later, the Dursleys were showing no sign of relenting, and Harry couldn\rquote t see any way out of his situation. He lay on his bed watching the sun sinking behind the bars on the window and wondered miserably what was going to happen to him.\par
\lang3081 What was the good of magicking himself out of his room if Hogwarts would expel him for doing it? Yet life at Privet Drive had reached an all-time low. Now that the Dursleys knew they weren\rquote t going to wake up as fruit bats, he had lost his only weapon. Dobby might have saved Harry from horrible happenings at Hogwarts, but the way things were going, he\rquote d probably starve to death any\-way.\par
The cat-flap rattled and Aunt Petunia\rquote s hand appeared, pushing a bowl of canned soup into the room. Harry, whose insides were aching with hunger, jumped off his bed and seized it. The soup was stone-cold, but he drank half of it in one gulp. Then he crossed the room to Hedwig\rquote s cage and tipped the soggy vegetables at the bot\-tom of the bowl into her empty food tray. She ruffled her feathers and gave him a look of deep disgust.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s no good turning your beak up at it \emdash  that\rquote s all we\rquote ve got,\rdblquote  said Harry grimly.\par
He put the empty bowl back on the floor next to the cat-flap and lay back down on the bed, somehow even hungrier than he had been before the soup.\par
Supposing he was still alive in another four weeks, what would happen if he didn\rquote t turn up at Hogwarts? Would someone be sent to see why he hadn\rquote t come back? Would they be able to make the Dursleys let him go?\par
The room was growing dark. Exhausted, stomach rumbling, mind spinning over the same unanswerable questions, Harry fell into an uneasy sleep.\par
He dreamed that he was on show in a zoo, with a card reading UNDERAGE WIZARD attached to his cage. People goggled through the bars at him as he lay, starving and weak, on a bed of straw. He saw Dobby\rquote s face in the crowd and shouted out, asking for help, but Dobby called, \ldblquote Harry Potter is safe there, sir!\rdblquote  and vanished. Then the Dursleys appeared and Dudley rattled the bars of the cage, laughing at him.\par
\ldblquote Stop it,\rdblquote  Harry muttered as the rattling pounded in his sore head. \ldblquote Leave me alone \'85 cut it out \'85 I\rquote m trying to sleep. \'85\rdblquote\par
He opened his eyes. Moonlight was shining through the bars on the window. And someone \i was\i0  goggling through the bars at him: a freckle-faced, red-haired, long-nosed someone.\par
Ron Weasley was outside Harry\rquote s window.\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 3\par
The Burrow\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Ron\i0 !\rdblquote  breathed Harry, creeping to the window and pushing it up so they could talk through the bars. \ldblquote Ron, how did you \emdash  What the \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\lang3081 Harry\rquote s mouth fell open as the full impact of what he was see\-ing hit him. Ron was leaning out of the back window of an old turquoise car, which was parked \i in midair.\i0  Grinning at Harry from the front seats were Fred and George, Ron\rquote s elder twin brothers.\par
\ldblquote All right, Harry?\rdblquote  asked George.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s been going on?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Why haven\rquote t you been an\-swering my letters? I\rquote ve asked you to stay about twelve times, and then Dad came home and said you\rquote d got an official warning for us\-ing magic in front of Muggles \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It wasn\rquote t me \emdash  and how did he know?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He works for the Ministry,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You \i know\i0  we\rquote re not sup\-posed to do spells outside school \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You should talk,\rdblquote  said Harry, staring at the floating car.\par
\ldblquote Oh, this doesn\rquote t count,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote We\rquote re only borrowing this. It\rquote s Dad\rquote s, \i we\i0  didn\rquote t enchant it. But doing magic in front of those Muggles you live with \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I told you, I didn\rquote t \emdash  but it\rquote ll take too long to explain now \emdash  look, can you tell them at Hogwarts that the Dursleys have locked me up and won\rquote t let me come back, and obviously I can\rquote t magic myself out, because the Ministry\rquote ll think that\rquote s the second spell I\rquote ve done in three days, so \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Stop gibbering,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote We\rquote ve come to take you home with us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But you can\rquote t magic me out either \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We don\rquote t need to,\rdblquote  said Ron, jerking his head toward the front seat and grinning. \ldblquote You forget who I\rquote ve got with me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Tie that around the bars,\rdblquote  said Fred, throwing the end of a rope to Harry.\par
\ldblquote If the Dursleys wake up, I\rquote m dead,\rdblquote  said Harry as he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry,\rdblquote  said Fred, \ldblquote and stand back.\rdblquote\par
Harry moved back into the shadows next to Hedwig, who seemed to have realized how important this was and kept still and silent. The car revved louder and louder and suddenly, with a crunching noise, the bars were pulled clean out of the window as Fred drove straight up in the air. Harry ran back to the window to see the bars dangling a few feet above the ground. Panting, Ron hoisted them up into the car. Harry listened anxiously, but there was no sound from the Dursleys\rquote  bedroom.\par
When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron, Fred re\-versed as close as possible to Harry\rquote s window.\par
\ldblquote Get in,\rdblquote  Ron said.\par
\ldblquote But all my Hogwarts stuff \emdash  my wand \emdash  my broomstick \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Where is it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Locked in the cupboard under the stairs, and I can\rquote t get out of this room \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No problem,\rdblquote  said George from the front passenger seat. \ldblquote Out of the way, Harry.\rdblquote\par
Fred and George climbed catlike through the window into Harry\rquote s room. You had to hand it to them, thought Harry, as George took an ordinary hairpin from his pocket and started to pick the lock.\par
\ldblquote A lot of wizards think it\rquote s a waste of time, knowing this sort of Muggle trick,\rdblquote  said Fred, \ldblquote but we feel they\rquote re skills worth learning, even if they are a bit slow.\rdblquote\par
There was a small click and the door swung open.\par
\ldblquote So \emdash  we\rquote ll get your trunk \emdash  you grab anything you need from your room and hand it out to Ron,\rdblquote  whispered George.\par
\ldblquote Watch out for the bottom stair \emdash  it creaks,\rdblquote  Harry whispered back as the twins disappeared onto the dark landing.\par
Harry dashed around his room, collecting his things and passing them out of the window to Ron. Then he went to help Fred and George heave his trunk up the stairs. Harry heard Uncle Vernon cough.\par
At last, panting, they reached the landing, then carried the trunk through Harry\rquote s room to the open window. Fred climbed back into the car to pull with Ron, and Harry and George pushed from the bedroom side. Inch by inch, the trunk slid through the window.\par
Uncle Vernon coughed again.\par
\ldblquote A bit more,\rdblquote  panted Fred, who was pulling from inside the car. \ldblquote One good push \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry and George threw their shoulders against the trunk and it slid out of the window into the back seat of the car.\par
\ldblquote Okay, let\rquote s go,\rdblquote  George whispered.\par
But as Harry climbed onto the windowsill there came a sudden loud screech from behind him, followed immediately by the thun\-der of Uncle Vernon\rquote s voice.\par
\ldblquote THAT RUDDY OWL!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve forgotten Hedwig!\rdblquote\par
Harry tore back across the room as the landing light clicked on \emdash  he snatched up Hedwig\rquote s cage, dashed to the window, and passed it out to Ron. He was scrambling back onto the chest of drawers when Uncle Vernon hammered on the unlocked door \emdash  and it crashed open.\par
For a split second, Uncle Vernon stood framed in the doorway; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry, grabbing him by the ankle.\par
Ron, Fred, and George seized Harry\rquote s arms and pulled as hard as they could.\par
\ldblquote Petunia!\rdblquote  roared Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote He\rquote s getting away! HE\rquote S GETTING AWAY!\rdblquote\par
But the Weasleys gave a gigantic tug and Harry\rquote s leg slid out of Uncle Vernon\rquote s grasp \emdash  Harry was in the car \emdash  he\rquote d slammed the door shut \emdash\par
\ldblquote Put your foot down, Fred!\rdblquote  yelled Ron, and the car shot sud\-denly toward the moon.\par
Harry couldn\rquote t believe it \emdash  he was free. He rolled down the window, the night air whipping his hair, and looked back at the shrinking rooftops of Privet Drive. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petu\-nia, and Dudley were all hanging, dumbstruck, out of Harry\rquote s window.\par
\ldblquote See you next summer!\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\par
The Weasleys roared with laughter and Harry settled back in his seat, grinning from ear to ear.\par
\ldblquote Let Hedwig out,\rdblquote  he told Ron. \ldblquote She can fly behind us. She hasn\rquote t had a chance to stretch her wings for ages.\rdblquote\par
George handed the hairpin to Ron and, a moment later, Hedwig soared joyfully out of the window to glide alongside them like a ghost.\par
\ldblquote So \emdash  what\rquote s the story, Harry?\rdblquote  said Ron impatiently. \ldblquote What\rquote s been happening?\rdblquote\par
Harry told them all about Dobby, the warning he\rquote d given Harry and the fiasco of the violet pudding. There was a long, shocked si\-lence when he had finished.\par
\ldblquote Very fishy,\rdblquote  said Fred finally.\par
\ldblquote Definitely dodgy,\rdblquote  agreed George. \ldblquote So he wouldn\rquote t even tell you who\rquote s supposed to be plotting all this stuff?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think he could,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I told you, every time he got close to letting something slip, he started banging his head against the wall.\rdblquote\par
He saw Fred and George look at each other.\par
\ldblquote What, you think he was lying to me?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Fred, \ldblquote put it this way \emdash  house-elves have got pow\-erful magic of their own, but they can\rquote t usually use it without their master\rquote s permission. I reckon old Dobby was sent to stop you coming back to Hogwarts. Someone\rquote s idea of a joke. Can you think of anyone at school with a grudge against you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron together, instantly.\par
\ldblquote Draco Malfoy,\rdblquote  Harry explained. \ldblquote He hates me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Draco Malfoy?\rdblquote  said George, turning around. \ldblquote Not Lucius Malfoy\rquote s son?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Must be, it\rquote s not a very common name, is it?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\lang1033\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I\rquote ve heard Dad talking about him,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote He was a big supporter of You-Know-Who.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And when You-Know-Who disappeared,\rdblquote  said Fred, craning around to look at Harry, \ldblquote Lucius Malfoy came back saying he\rquote d never meant any of it. Load of dung \emdash  Dad reckons he was right in You-Know-Who\rquote s inner circle.\rdblquote\par
Harry had heard these rumors about Malfoy\rquote s family before, and they didn\rquote t surprise him at all. Malfoy made Dudley Dursley look like a kind, thoughtful, and sensitive boy.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know whether the Malfoys own a house-elf. \'85\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Well, whoever owns him will be an old wizarding family, and they\rquote ll be rich,\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, Mum\rquote s always wishing we had a house-elf to do the iron\-ing,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote But all we\rquote ve got is a lousy old ghoul in the at\-tic and gnomes all over the garden. House-elves come with big old manors and castles and places like that; you wouldn\rquote t catch one in our house. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry was silent. Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually had the best of everything, his family was rolling in wizard gold; he could just see Malfoy strutting around a large manor house. Send\-ing the family servant to stop Harry from going back to Hogwarts also sounded exactly like the sort of thing Malfoy would do. Had Harry been stupid to take Dobby seriously?\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m glad we came to get you, anyway,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I was getting really worried when you didn\rquote t answer any of my letters. I thought it was Errol\rquote s fault at first \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s Errol?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Our owl. He\rquote s ancient. It wouldn\rquote t be the first time he\rquote d col\-lapsed on a delivery. So then I tried to borrow Hermes \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Who\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he was made pre\-fect,\rdblquote  said Fred from the front.\par
\ldblquote But Percy wouldn\rquote t lend him to me,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Said he needed him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Percy\rquote s been acting very oddly this summer,\rdblquote  said George, frowning. \ldblquote And he \i has\i0  been sending a lot of letters and spending a load of time shut up in his room. \'85 I mean, there\rquote s only so many times you can polish a prefect badge. \'85 You\rquote re driving too far west, Fred,\rdblquote  he added, pointing at a compass on the dashboard. Fred twiddled the steering wheel.\par
\ldblquote So, does your dad know you\rquote ve got the car?\rdblquote  said Harry, guess\-ing the answer.\par
\ldblquote Er, no,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote he had to work tonight. Hopefully we\rquote ll be able to get it back in the garage without Mum noticing we flew it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What does your dad do at the Ministry of Magic, anyway?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He works in the most boring department,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote The Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The \i what\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s all to do with bewitching things that are Muggle-made, you know, in case they end up back in a Muggle shop or house. Like, last year, some old witch died and her tea set was sold to an an\-tiques shop. This Muggle woman bought it, took it home, and tried to serve her friends tea in it. It was a nightmare \emdash  Dad was working overtime for weeks.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The teapot went berserk and squirted boiling tea all over the place and one man ended up in the hospital with the sugar tongs clamped to his nose. Dad was going frantic \emdash  it\rquote s only him and an old warlock called Perkins in the office \emdash  and they had to do Memory Charms and all sorts of stuff to cover it up \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But your dad \emdash  this car \emdash\rdblquote\par
Fred laughed. \ldblquote Yeah, Dad\rquote s crazy about everything to do with Muggles; our shed\rquote s full of Muggle stuff. He takes it apart, puts spells on it, and puts it back together again. If he raided \i our\i0  house he\rquote d have to put himself under arrest. It drives Mum mad.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s the main road,\rdblquote  said George, peering down through the windshield. \ldblquote We\rquote ll be there in ten minutes. \'85 Just as well, it\rquote s get\-ting light. \'85\rdblquote\par
A faint pinkish glow was visible along the horizon to the east.\par
Fred brought the car lower, and Harry saw a dark patchwork of fields and clumps of trees.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re a little way outside the village,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Ottery St. Catchpole.\rdblquote\par
Lower and lower went the flying car. The edge of a brilliant red sun was now gleaming through the trees.\par
\ldblquote Touchdown!\rdblquote  said Fred as, with a slight bump, they hit the ground. They had landed next to a tumbledown garage in a small yard, and Harry looked out for the first time at Ron\rquote s house.\par
It looked as though it had once been a large stone pigpen, but extra rooms had been added here and there until it was several sto\-ries high and so crooked it looked as though it were held up by magic (which, Harry reminded himself, it probably was). Four or five chimneys were perched on top of the red roof. A lopsided sign stuck in the ground near the entrance read, THE BURROW. Around the front door lay a jumble of rubber boots and a very rusty caul\-dron. Several fat brown chickens were pecking their way around the yard.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not much,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s \i wonderful,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry happily, thinking of Privet Drive.\par
They got out of the car.\par
\ldblquote Now, we\rquote ll go upstairs really quietly,\rdblquote  said Fred, \ldblquote and wait for Mum to call us for breakfast. Then, Ron, you come bounding downstairs going, \lquote Mum, look who turned up in the night!\rquote  and she\rquote ll be all pleased to see Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Come on, Harry, I sleep at the \emdash  at the top \emdash\rdblquote\par
Ron had gone a nasty greenish color, his eyes fixed on the house. The other three wheeled around.\par
Mrs. Weasley was marching across the yard, scattering chickens, and for a short, plump, kind-faced woman, it was remarkable how much she looked like a saber-toothed tiger.\par
\ldblquote\i Ah,\i0\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
\ldblquote Oh, dear,\rdblquote  said George.\par
Mrs. Weasley came to a halt in front of them, her hands on her hips, staring from one guilty face to the next. She was wearing a flowered apron with a wand sticking out of the pocket.\par
\ldblquote\i So,\i0\rdblquote  she said.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Morning, Mum,\rdblquote  said George, in what he clearly thought was a jaunty, winning voice.\par
\ldblquote Have you any idea how worried I\rquote ve been?\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley in a deadly whisper.\par
\ldblquote Sorry, Mum, but see, we had to \emdash\rdblquote\par
All three of Mrs. Weasley\rquote s sons were taller than she was, but they cowered as her rage broke over them.\i\par
\ldblquote Beds empty\i0 !\i  No note\i0 !\i  Car gone \emdash  could have crashed \emdash  out of my mind with worry \emdash  did you care\i0 ?\i  \emdash  never, as long as I\rquote ve lived \emdash  you wait until your father gets home, we never had trouble like this from Bill or Charlie or Percy \emdash\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Perfect Percy,\rdblquote  muttered Fred.\par
\ldblquote YOU COULD DO WITH TAKING A LEAF OUT OF PERCY\rquote S BOOK!\rdblquote  yelled Mrs. Weasley, prodding a finger in Fred\rquote s chest. \ldblquote You could have \i died,\i0  you could have been \i seen,\i0  you could have lost your father his \i job\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
It seemed to go on for hours. Mrs. Weasley had shouted herself hoarse before she turned on Harry, who backed away.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m very pleased to see you, Harry, dear,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Come in and have some breakfast.\rdblquote\par
She turned and walked back into the house and Harry, after a nervous glance at Ron, who nodded encouragingly, followed her.\par
The kitchen was small and rather cramped. There was a scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle, and Harry sat down on the edge of his seat, looking around. He had never been in a wizard house before.\par
The clock on the wall opposite him had only one hand and no numbers at all. Written around the edge were things like \i Time to make tea, Time to feed the chickens,\i0  and \i You\rquote re late.\i0  Books were stacked three deep on the mantelpiece, books with titles like \i Charm Your Own Cheese, Enchantment in Baking,\i0  and \i One Minute Feasts \emdash  It\rquote s Magic\i0 ! And unless Harry\rquote s ears were deceiving him, the old radio next to the sink had just announced that coming up was \ldblquote Witching Hour, with the popular singing sorceress, Celestina Warbeck.\rdblquote\par
Mrs. Weasley was clattering around, cooking breakfast a little haphazardly, throwing dirty looks at her sons as she threw sausages into the frying pan. Every now and then she muttered things like \ldblquote don\rquote t know \i what\i0  you were thinking of,\rdblquote  and \ldblquote\i never\i0  would have believed it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t blame \i you,\i0  dear,\rdblquote  she assured Harry, tipping eight or nine sausages onto his plate. \ldblquote Arthur and I have been worried about you, too. Just last night we were saying we\rquote d come and get you our\-selves if you hadn\rquote t written back to Ron by Friday. But really\rdblquote  (she was now adding three fried eggs to his plate), \ldblquote flying an illegal car halfway across the country \emdash  anyone could have seen you \emdash\rdblquote\par
She flicked her wand casually at the dishes in the sink, which be\-gan to clean themselves, clinking gently in the background.\par
\ldblquote It was \i cloudy,\i0  Mum!\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
\ldblquote You keep your mouth closed while you\rquote re eating!\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley snapped.\par
\ldblquote They were starving him, Mum!\rdblquote  said George.\par
\ldblquote And you!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, but it was with a slightly softened expression that she started cutting Harry bread and buttering it for him.\par
At that moment there was a diversion in the form of a small, red\-headed figure in a long nightdress, who appeared in the kitchen, gave a small squeal, and ran out again.\par
\ldblquote Ginny,\rdblquote  said Ron in an undertone to Harry. \ldblquote My sister. She\rquote s been talking about you all summer.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, she\rquote ll be wanting your autograph, Harry,\rdblquote  Fred said with a grin, but he caught his mother\rquote s eye and bent his face over his plate without another word. Nothing more was said until all four plates were clean, which took a surprisingly short time.\par
\ldblquote\i Blimey,\i0  I\rquote m tired,\rdblquote  yawned Fred, setting down his knife and fork at last. \ldblquote I think I\rquote ll go to bed and \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You will not,\rdblquote  snapped Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote It\rquote s your own fault you\rquote ve been up all night. You\rquote re going to de-gnome the garden for me; they\rquote re getting completely out of hand again \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, Mum \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And you two,\rdblquote  she said, glaring at Ron and Fred. \ldblquote You can go up to bed, dear,\rdblquote  she added to Harry. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t ask them to fly that wretched car \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Harry, who felt wide awake, said quickly, \ldblquote I\rquote ll help Ron. I\rquote ve never seen a de-gnoming \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s very sweet of you, dear, but it\rquote s dull work,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote Now, let\rquote s see what Lockhart\rquote s got to say on the subject \emdash\rdblquote\par
And she pulled a heavy book from the stack on the mantelpiece. George groaned.\par
\ldblquote Mum, we know how to de-gnome a garden \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry looked at the cover of Mrs. Weasley\rquote s book. Written across it in fancy gold letters were the words \i Gilderoy Lockhart\rquote s Guide to Household Pests.\i0  There was a big photograph on the front of a very good-looking wizard with wavy blond hair and bright blue eyes. As always in the wizarding world, the photograph was moving; the wizard, who Harry supposed was Gilderoy Lockhart, kept winking cheekily up at them all. Mrs. Weasley beamed down at him.\lang1033\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Oh, he is marvelous,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote He knows his household pests, all right, it\rquote s a wonderful book. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Mum \i fancies\i0  him,\rdblquote  said Fred, in a very audible whisper.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be so ridiculous, Fred,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, her cheeks rather pink. \ldblquote All right, if you think you know better than Lockhart, you can go and get on with it, and woe betide you if there\rquote s a sin\-gle gnome in that garden when I come out to inspect it.\rdblquote\par
Yawning and grumbling, the Weasleys slouched outside with Harry behind them. The garden was large, and in Harry\rquote s eyes, ex\-actly what a garden should be. The Dursleys wouldn\rquote t have liked it \emdash  there were plenty of weeds, and the grass needed cutting \emdash  but there were gnarled trees all around the walls, plants Harry had never seen spilling from every flower bed, and a big green pond full of frogs.\par
\ldblquote Muggles have garden gnomes, too, you know,\rdblquote  Harry told Ron as they crossed the lawn.\par
\ldblquote Yeah, I\rquote ve seen those things they think are gnomes,\rdblquote  said Ron, bent double with his head in a peony bush, \ldblquote like fat little Santa Clauses with fishing rods. \'85\rdblquote\par
There was a violent scuffling noise, the peony bush shuddered, and Ron straightened up. \ldblquote\i This\i0  is a gnome,\rdblquote  he said grimly.\par
\ldblquote Gerroff me! Gerroff me!\rdblquote  squealed the gnome.\par
It was certainly nothing like Santa Claus. It was small and leath\-ery looking, with a large, knobby, bald head exactly like a potato. Ron held it at arm\rquote s length as it kicked out at him with its horny lit\-tle feet; he grasped it around the ankles and turned it upside down.\par
\ldblquote This is what you have to do,\rdblquote  he said. He raised the gnome above his head (\ldblquote Gerroff me!\rdblquote ) and started to swing it in great cir\-cles like a lasso. Seeing the shocked look on Harry\rquote s face, Ron added, \ldblquote It doesn\rquote t \i hurt \i0 them \emdash  you\rquote ve just got to make them really dizzy so they can\rquote t find their way back to the gnomeholes.\rdblquote\par
He let go of the gnome\rquote s ankles: It flew twenty feet into the air and landed with a thud in the field over the hedge.\par
\ldblquote Pitiful,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote I bet I can get mine beyond that stump.\rdblquote\par
Harry learned quickly not to feel too sorry for the gnomes. He decided just to drop the first one he caught over the hedge, but the gnome, sensing weakness, sank its razor-sharp teeth into Harry\rquote s finger and he had a hard job shaking it off \emdash  until \emdash\par
\ldblquote Wow, Harry \emdash  that must\rquote ve been fifty feet. \'85\rdblquote\par
The air was soon thick with flying gnomes.\par
\ldblquote See, they\rquote re not too bright,\rdblquote  said George, seizing five or six gnomes at once. \ldblquote The moment they know the de-gnoming\rquote s going on they storm up to have a look. You\rquote d think they\rquote d have learned by now just to stay put.\rdblquote\par
Soon, the crowd of gnomes in the field started walking away in a straggling line, their little shoulders hunched.\par
\ldblquote They\rquote ll be back,\rdblquote  said Ron as they watched the gnomes disap\-pear into the hedge on the other side of the field. \ldblquote They love it here. \'85 Dad\rquote s too soft with them; he thinks they\rquote re funny. \'85\rdblquote\par
Just then, the front door slammed.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s back!\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Dad\rquote s home!\rdblquote\par
They hurried through the garden and back into the house.\par
Mr. Weasley was slumped in a kitchen chair with his glasses off and his eyes closed. He was a thin man, going bald, but the little hair he had was as red as any of his children\rquote s. He was wearing long green robes, which were dusty and travel-worn.\par
\ldblquote What a night,\rdblquote  he mumbled, groping for the teapot as they all sat down around him. \ldblquote Nine raids. Nine! And old Mundungus Fletcher tried to put a hex on me when I had my back turned. \'85\rdblquote\par
Mr. Weasley took a long gulp of tea and sighed.\par
\ldblquote Find anything, Dad?\rdblquote  said Fred eagerly.\par
\ldblquote All I got were a few shrinking door keys and a biting kettle,\rdblquote  yawned Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote There was some pretty nasty stuff that wasn\rquote t my department, though. Mortlake was taken away for ques\-tioning about some extremely odd ferrets, but that\rquote s the Commit\-tee on Experimental Charms, thank goodness. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why would anyone bother making door keys shrink?\rdblquote  said George.\par
\ldblquote Just Muggle-baiting,\rdblquote  sighed Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote Sell them a key that keeps shrinking to nothing so they can never find it when they need it. \'85 Of course, it\rquote s very hard to convict anyone because no Muggle would admit their key keeps shrinking \emdash  they\rquote ll insist they just keep losing it. Bless them, they\rquote ll go to any lengths to ig\-nore magic, even if it\rquote s staring them in the face. \'85 But the things our lot have taken to enchanting, you wouldn\rquote t believe \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote LIKE CARS, FOR INSTANCE?\rdblquote\par
Mrs. Weasley had appeared, holding a long poker like a sword. Mr. Weasley\rquote s eyes jerked open. He stared guiltily at his wife.\par
\ldblquote C-cars, Molly, dear?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes, Arthur, cars,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, her eyes flashing. \ldblquote Imag\-ine a wizard buying a rusty old car and telling his wife all he wanted to do with it was take it apart to see how it worked, while \i really\i0  he was enchanting it to make it \i fly.\i0\rdblquote\par
Mr. Weasley blinked.\par
\ldblquote Well, dear, I think you\rquote ll find that he would be quite within the law to do that, even if \emdash  er \emdash  he maybe would have done better to, um, tell his wife the truth. \'85 There\rquote s a loophole in the law, you\rquote ll find. \'85 As long as he wasn\rquote t \i intending\i0  to fly the car, the fact that the car \i could\i0  fly wouldn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Arthur Weasley, you made sure there was a loophole when you wrote that law!\rdblquote  shouted Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote Just so you could carry on tinkering with all that Muggle rubbish in your shed! And for your information, Harry arrived this morning in the car you weren\rquote t in\-tending to fly!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley blankly. \ldblquote Harry who?\rdblquote\par
He looked around, saw Harry, and jumped.\par
\ldblquote Good lord, is it Harry Potter? Very pleased to meet you, Ron\rquote s told us so much about \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Your sons flew that car to Harry\rquote s house and back last night\i0 !\rdblquote  shouted Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote What have you got to say about that, eh?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did you really?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley eagerly. \ldblquote Did it go all right? I \emdash  I mean,\rdblquote  he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs. Weasley\rquote s eyes, \ldblquote that \emdash  that was very wrong, boys \emdash  very wrong indeed. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s leave them to it,\rdblquote  Ron muttered to Harry as Mrs. Weasley swelled like a bullfrog. \ldblquote Come on, I\rquote ll show you my bedroom.\rdblquote\par
They slipped out of the kitchen and down a narrow passageway to an uneven staircase, which wound its way, zigzagging up through the house. On the third landing, a door stood ajar. Harry just caught sight of a pair of bright brown eyes staring at him be\-fore it closed with a snap.\par
\ldblquote Ginny,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You don\rquote t know how weird it is for her to be this shy. She never shuts up normally \emdash\rdblquote\par
They climbed two more flights until they reached a door with peeling paint and a small plaque on it, saying RONALD\rquote S ROOM.\par
Harry stepped in, his head almost touching the sloping ceiling, and blinked. It was like walking into a furnace: Nearly everything in Ron\rquote s room seemed to be a violent shade of orange: the bed\-spread, the walls, even the ceiling. Then Harry realized that Ron had covered nearly every inch of the shabby wallpaper with posters of the same seven witches and wizards, all wearing bright orange robes, carrying broomsticks, and waving energetically.\par
\ldblquote Your Quidditch team?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote The Chudley Cannons,\rdblquote  said Ron, pointing at the orange bed\-spread, which was emblazoned with two giant black C\rquote s and a speeding cannonball. \ldblquote Ninth in the league.\rdblquote\par
Ron\rquote s school spellbooks were stacked untidily in a corner, next to a pile of comics that all seemed to feature \i The Adventures of Martin Miggs, the Mad Muggle.\i0  Ron\rquote s magic wand was lying on top of a fish tank full of frog spawn on the windowsill, next to his fat gray rat, Scabbers, who was snoozing in a patch of sun.\par
Harry stepped over a pack of Self-Shuffling playing cards on the floor and looked out of the tiny window. In the field far below he could see a gang of gnomes sneaking one by one back through the Weasleys\rquote  hedge. Then he turned to look at Ron, who was watch\-ing him almost nervously, as though waiting for his opinion.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a bit small,\rdblquote  said Ron quickly. \ldblquote Not like that room you had with the Muggles. And I\rquote m right underneath the ghoul in the attic; he\rquote s always banging on the pipes and groaning. \'85\rdblquote\par
But Harry, grinning widely, said, \ldblquote This is the best house I\rquote ve ever been in.\rdblquote\par
Ron\rquote s ears went pink.\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 4\par
At Flourish and Blotts\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033 Life at the Burrow was as different as possible from life on Privet Drive. The Dursleys liked everything neat and ordered; the Weasleys\rquote  house burst with the strange and unexpected. Harry got a shock the first time he looked in the mirror over the kitchen man\-telpiece and it shouted, \ldblquote\i Tuck your shirt in, scruffy\i0 !\rdblquote  The ghoul in the attic howled and dropped pipes whenever he felt things were getting too quiet, and small explosions from Fred and George\rquote s bedroom were considered perfectly normal. What Harry found most unusual about life at Ron\rquote s, however, wasn\rquote t the talking mir\-ror or the clanking ghoul: It was the fact that everybody there seemed to like him.\par
\lang3081 Mrs. Weasley fussed over the state of his socks and tried to force him to eat fourth helpings at every meal. Mr. Weasley liked Harry to sit next to him at the dinner table so that he could bombard him with questions about life with Muggles, asking him to explain how things like plugs and the postal service worked.\par
\ldblquote\i Fascinating\i0 !\rdblquote  he would say as Harry talked him through using a telephone. \ldblquote\i Ingenious,\i0  really, how many ways Muggles have found of getting along without magic.\rdblquote\par
Harry heard from Hogwarts one sunny morning about a week after he had arrived at the Burrow. He and Ron went down to breakfast to find Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny already sitting at the kitchen table. The moment she saw Harry, Ginny acciden\-tally knocked her porridge bowl to the floor with a loud clatter. Ginny seemed very prone to knocking things over whenever Harry entered a room. She dived under the table to retrieve the bowl and emerged with her face glowing like the setting sun. Pretending he hadn\rquote t noticed this, Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs. Weasley offered him.\par
\ldblquote Letters from school,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, passing Harry and Ron identical envelopes of yellowish parchment, addressed in green ink. \ldblquote Dumbledore already knows you\rquote re here, Harry \emdash  doesn\rquote t miss a trick, that man. You two\rquote ve got them, too,\rdblquote  he added, as Fred and George ambled in, still in their pajamas.\par
For a few minutes there was silence as they all read their letters. Harry\rquote s told him to catch the Hogwarts Express as usual from King\rquote s Cross station on September first. There was also a list of the new books he\rquote d need for the coming year.\par
\par
SECOND-YEAR STUDENTS WILL REQUIRE:\i\par
The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2\i0\par
by Miranda Goshawk\i\par
Break with a Banshee\i0  by Gilderoy Lockhart\i\par
Gadding with Ghouls\i0  by Gilderoy Lockhart\i\par
Holidays with Hags\i0  by Gilderoy Lockhart\i\par
Travels with Trolls\i0  by Gilderoy Lockhart\i\par
Voyages with Vampires\i0  by Gilderoy Lockhart\i\par
Wanderings with Werewolves\i0  by Gilderoy Lockhart\i\par
Year with the Yeti\i0  by Gilderoy Lockhart\par
Fred, who had finished his own list, peered over at Harry\rquote s.\lang1033\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You\rquote ve been told to get all Lockhart\rquote s books, too!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote The new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher must be a fan \emdash  bet it\rquote s a witch.\rdblquote\par
At this point, Fred caught his mother\rquote s eye and quickly busied himself with the marmalade.\par
\ldblquote That lot won\rquote t come cheap,\rdblquote  said George, with a quick look at his parents. \ldblquote Lockhart\rquote s books are really expensive. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, we\rquote ll manage,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, but she looked wor\-ried. \ldblquote I expect we\rquote ll be able to pick up a lot of Ginny\rquote s things secondhand.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, are you starting at Hogwarts this year?\rdblquote  Harry asked Ginny.\par
She nodded, blushing to the roots of her flaming hair, and put her elbow in the butter dish. Fortunately no one saw this except Harry, because just then Ron\rquote s elder brother Percy walked in. He was already dressed, his Hogwarts prefect badge pinned to his sweater vest.\par
\ldblquote Morning, all,\rdblquote  said Percy briskly. \ldblquote Lovely day.\rdblquote\par
He sat down in the only remaining chair but leapt up again al\-most immediately, pulling from underneath him a molting, gray feather duster \emdash  at least, that was what Harry thought it was, un\-til he saw that it was breathing.\par
\ldblquote Errol!\rdblquote  said Ron, taking the limp owl from Percy and extracting a letter from under its wing. \ldblquote\i Finally\i0  \emdash  he\rquote s got Hermione\rquote s an\-swer. I wrote to her saying we were going to try and rescue you from the Dursleys.\rdblquote\par
He carried Errol to a perch just inside the back door and tried to stand him on it, but Errol flopped straight off again so Ron laid him on the draining board instead, muttering, \ldblquote Pathetic.\rdblquote  Then he ripped open Hermione\rquote s letter and read it out loud:\i\par
\i0\ldblquote  \lquote\i Dear Ron, and Harry if you\rquote re there,\par
\i0\ldblquote  \lquote\i I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you didn\rquote t do anything illegal to get him out, Ron, because that would get Harry into trouble, too. I\rquote ve been really worried and if Harry is all right, will you please let me know at once, but perhaps it would be bet\-ter if you used a different owl, because I think another delivery might finish your one off.\par
\i0\ldblquote  \lquote\i I\rquote m very busy with schoolwork, of course\i0\rquote  \emdash  How \i can\i0  she be?\rdblquote  said Ron in horror. \ldblquote We\rquote re on vacation! \emdash  \lquote\i and we\rquote re going to Lon\-don next Wednesday to buy my new books. Why don\rquote t we meet in Di\-agon Alley\i0 ?\par
\ldblquote  \lquote\i Let me know what\rquote s happening as soon as you can. Love from Hermione\i0 .\rquote  \rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, that fits in nicely, we can go and get all your things then, too,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, starting to clear the table. \ldblquote What\rquote re you all up to today?\rdblquote\par
Harry, Ron, Fred, and George were planning to go up the hill to a small paddock the Weasleys owned. It was surrounded by trees that blocked it from view of the village below, meaning that they could practice Quidditch there, as long as they didn\rquote t fly too high. They couldn\rquote t use real Quidditch balls, which would have been hard to explain if they had escaped and flown away over the village; instead they threw apples for one another to catch. They took turns riding Harry\rquote s Nimbus Two Thousand, which was easily the best broom; Ron\rquote s old Shooting Star was often outstripped by passing butterflies.\par
Five minutes later they were marching up the hill, broomsticks over their shoulders. They had asked Percy if he wanted to join them, but he had said he was busy. Harry had only seen Percy at mealtimes so far; he stayed shut in his room the rest of the time.\par
\ldblquote Wish I knew what he was up to,\rdblquote  said Fred, frowning. \ldblquote He\rquote s not himself. His exam results came the day before you did; twelve O.W.L.s and he hardly gloated at all.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ordinary Wizarding Levels,\rdblquote  George explained, seeing Harry\rquote s puzzled look. \ldblquote Bill got twelve, too. If we\rquote re not careful, we\rquote ll have another Head Boy in the family. I don\rquote t think I could stand the shame.\rdblquote\par
Bill was the oldest Weasley brother. He and the next brother, Charlie, had already left Hogwarts. Harry had never met either of them, but knew that Charlie was in Romania studying dragons and Bill in Egypt working for the wizard\rquote s bank, Gringotts.\par
\ldblquote Dunno how Mum and Dad are going to afford all our school stuff this year,\rdblquote  said George after a while. \ldblquote Five sets of Lockhart books! And Ginny needs robes and a wand and everything. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry said nothing. He felt a bit awkward. Stored in an under\-ground vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that his parents had left him. Of course, it was only in the wizarding world that he had money; you couldn\rquote t use Galleons, Sickles, and Knuts in Muggle shops. He had never mentioned his Gringotts bank ac\-count to the Dursleys; he didn\rquote t think their horror of anything con\-nected with magic would stretch to a large pile of gold.\par
\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley woke them all early the following Wednesday. After a quick half a dozen bacon sandwiches each, they pulled on their coats and Mrs. Weasley took a flowerpot off the kitchen mantel\-piece and peered inside.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote We\rquote re running low, Arthur,\rdblquote  she sighed. \ldblquote We\rquote ll have to buy some more today. \'85 Ah well, guests first! After you, Harry dear!\rdblquote\par
And she offered him the flowerpot.\par
Harry stared at them all watching him.\par
\ldblquote W-what am I supposed to do?\rdblquote  he stammered.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s never traveled by Floo powder,\rdblquote  said Ron suddenly. \ldblquote Sorry, Harry, I forgot.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Never?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote But how did you get to Diagon Al\-ley to buy your school things last year?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I went on the Underground \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley eagerly. \ldblquote Were there \i escapators\i0 ? How exactly \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not \i now,\i0  Arthur,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote Floo powder\rquote s a lot quicker, dear, but goodness me, if you\rquote ve never used it before \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote ll be all right, Mum,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote Harry, watch us first.\rdblquote\par
He took a pinch of glittering powder out of the flowerpot, stepped up to the fire, and threw the powder into the flames.\par
With a roar, the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred, who stepped right into it, shouted, \ldblquote Diagon Alley!\rdblquote  and van\-ished.\par
\ldblquote You must speak clearly, dear,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley told Harry as George dipped his hand into the flowerpot. \ldblquote And be sure to get out at the right grate. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The right what?\rdblquote  said Harry nervously as the fire roared and whipped George out of sight, too.\par
\ldblquote Well, there are an awful lot of wizard fires to choose from, you know, but as long as you\rquote ve spoken clearly \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote ll be fine, Molly, don\rquote t fuss,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, helping him\-self to Floo powder, too.\par
\ldblquote But, dear, if he got lost, how would we ever explain to his aunt and uncle?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They wouldn\rquote t mind,\rdblquote  Harry reassured her. \ldblquote Dudley would think it was a brilliant joke if I got lost up a chimney, don\rquote t worry about that \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well \'85 all right \'85 you go after Arthur,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote Now, when you get into the fire, say where you\rquote re going \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And keep your elbows tucked in,\rdblquote  Ron advised.\par
\ldblquote And your eyes shut,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote The soot \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t fidget,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Or you might well fall out of the wrong fireplace \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But don\rquote t panic and get out too early; wait until you see Fred and George.\rdblquote\par
Trying hard to bear all this in mind, Harry took a pinch of Floo powder and walked to the edge of the fire. He took a deep breath, scattered the powder into the flames, and stepped forward; the fire felt like a warm breeze; he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash.\par
\ldblquote D-Dia-gon Alley,\rdblquote  he coughed.\par
It felt as though he were being sucked down a giant drain. He seemed to be spinning very fast \emdash  the roaring in his ears was deaf\-ening \emdash  he tried to keep his eyes open but the whirl of green flames made him feel sick \emdash  something hard knocked his elbow and he tucked it in tightly, still spinning and spinning \emdash  now it felt as though cold hands were slapping his face \emdash  squinting through his glasses he saw a blurred stream of fireplaces and snatched glimpses of the rooms beyond \emdash  his bacon sandwiches were churning inside him \emdash  he closed his eyes again wishing it would stop, and then \emdash\par
He fell, face forward, onto cold stone and felt the bridge of his glasses snap.\par
Dizzy and bruised, covered in soot, he got gingerly to his feet, holding his broken glasses up to his eyes. He was quite alone, but \i where\i0  he was, he had no idea. All he could tell was that he was standing in the stone fireplace of what looked like a large, dimly lit wizard\rquote s shop \emdash  but nothing in here was ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list.\par
A glass case nearby held a withered hand on a cushion, a blood\-stained pack of cards, and a staring glass eye. Evil-looking masks stared down from the walls, an assortment of human bones lay upon the counter, and rusty, spiked instruments hung from the ceiling. Even worse, the dark, narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window was definitely not Diagon Alley.\par
The sooner he got out of here, the better. Nose still stinging where it had hit the hearth, Harry made his way swiftly and silently toward the door, but before he\rquote d got halfway toward it, two people appeared on the other side of the glass \emdash  and one of them was the very last person Harry wanted to meet when he was lost, covered in soot, and wearing broken glasses: Draco Malfoy.\par
Harry looked quickly around and spotted a large black cabinet to his left; he shot inside it and pulled the doors closed, leaving a small crack to peer through. Seconds later, a bell clanged, and Mal\-foy stepped into the shop.\par
The man who followed could only be Draco\rquote s father. He had the same pale, pointed face and identical cold, gray eyes. Mr. Malfoy crossed the shop, looking lazily at the items on display, and rang a bell on the counter before turning to his son and saying, \ldblquote Touch nothing, Draco.\rdblquote\par
Malfoy, who had reached for the glass eye, said, \ldblquote I thought you were going to buy me a present.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I said I would buy you a racing broom,\rdblquote  said his father, drum\-ming his fingers on the counter.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the good of that if I\rquote m not on the House team?\rdblquote  said Malfoy, looking sulky and bad-tempered. \ldblquote Harry Potter got a Nimbus Two Thousand last year. Special permission from Dum\-bledore so he could play for Gryffindor. He\rquote s not even that good, it\rquote s just because he\rquote s \i famous\i0  \'85 famous for having a stupid \i scar \i0 on his forehead. \'85\rdblquote\par
Malfoy bent down to examine a shelf full of skulls.\par
\ldblquote\'85 everyone thinks he\rquote s so \i smart,\i0  wonderful \i Potter\i0  with his \i scar \i0 and his \i broomstick\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You have told me this at least a dozen times already,\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy, with a quelling look at his son. \ldblquote And I would remind you that it is not \emdash  prudent \emdash  to appear less than fond of Harry Pot\-ter, not when most of our kind regard him as the hero who made the Dark Lord disappear \emdash  ah, Mr. Borgin.\rdblquote\par
A stooping man had appeared behind the counter, smoothing his greasy hair back from his face.\par
\ldblquote Mr. Malfoy, what a pleasure to see you again,\rdblquote  said Mr. Borgin in a voice as oily as his hair. \ldblquote Delighted \emdash  and young Master Mal\-foy, too \emdash  charmed. How may I be of assistance? I must show you, just in today, and very reasonably priced \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not buying today, Mr. Borgin, but selling,\rdblquote  said Mr. Mal\-foy.\par
\ldblquote Selling?\rdblquote  The smile faded slightly from Mr. Borgin\rquote s face.\par
\ldblquote You have heard, of course, that the Ministry is conducting more raids,\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy, taking a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unraveling it for Mr. Borgin to read. \ldblquote I have a few \emdash  ah \emdash  items at home that might embarrass me, if the Min\-istry were to call. \'85\rdblquote\par
Mr. Borgin fixed a pair of pince-nez to his nose and looked down the list.\par
\ldblquote The Ministry wouldn\rquote t presume to trouble you, sir, surely?\rdblquote\par
Mr. Malfoy\rquote s lip curled.\par
\ldblquote I have not been visited yet. The name Malfoy still commands a certain respect, yet the Ministry grows ever more meddlesome. There are rumors about a new Muggle Protection Act \emdash  no doubt that flea-bitten, Muggle-loving fool Arthur Weasley is behind it \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry felt a hot surge of anger.\par
\ldblquote\emdash  and as you see, certain of these poisons might make it \i ap\-pear\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I understand, sir, of course,\rdblquote  said Mr. Borgin. \ldblquote Let me see \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Can I have \i that\i0 ?\rdblquote  interrupted Draco, pointing at the withered hand on its cushion.\par
\ldblquote Ah, the Hand of Glory!\rdblquote  said Mr. Borgin, abandoning Mr. Malfoy\rquote s list and scurrying over to Draco. \ldblquote Insert a candle and it gives light only to the holder! Best friend of thieves and plunderers! Your son has fine taste, sir.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I hope my son will amount to more than a thief or a plunderer, Borgin,\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy coldly, and Mr. Borgin said quickly, \ldblquote No offense, sir, no offense meant \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Though if his grades don\rquote t pick up,\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy, more coldly still, \ldblquote that may indeed be all he is fit for \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not my fault,\rdblquote  retorted Draco. \ldblquote The teachers all have fa\-vorites, that Hermione Granger \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I would have thought you\rquote d be ashamed that a girl of no wizard family beat you in every exam,\rdblquote  snapped Mr. Malfoy.\par
\ldblquote Ha!\rdblquote  said Harry under his breath, pleased to see Draco looking both abashed and angry.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s the same all over,\rdblquote  said Mr. Borgin, in his oily voice. \ldblquote Wiz\-ard blood is counting for less everywhere \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not with me,\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy, his long nostrils flaring.\par
\ldblquote No, sir, nor with me, sir,\rdblquote  said Mr. Borgin, with a deep bow.\par
\ldblquote In that case, perhaps we can return to my list,\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy shortly. \ldblquote I am in something of a hurry, Borgin, I have important business elsewhere today \emdash\rdblquote\par
They started to haggle. Harry watched nervously as Draco drew nearer and nearer to his hiding place, examining the objects for sale. Draco paused to examine a long coil of hangman\rquote s rope and to read, smirking, the card propped on a magnificent necklace of opals, \i Caution: Do Not Touch. Cursed\i0  \emdash  \i Has Claimed the Lives of Nineteen Muggle Owners to Date.\i0\par
Draco turned away and saw the cabinet right in front of him. He walked forward \emdash  he stretched out his hand for the handle \emdash\par
\ldblquote Done,\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy at the counter. \ldblquote Come, Draco \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry wiped his forehead on his sleeve as Draco turned away.\par
\ldblquote Good day to you, Mr. Borgin. I\rquote ll expect you at the manor to\-morrow to pick up the goods.\rdblquote\par
The moment the door had closed, Mr. Borgin dropped his oily manner.\par
\ldblquote Good day yourself, \i Mister\i0  Malfoy, and if the stories are true, you haven\rquote t sold me half of what\rquote s hidden in your \i manor. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
Muttering darkly, Mr. Borgin disappeared into a back room. Harry waited for a minute in case he came back, then, quietly as he could, slipped out of the cabinet, past the glass cases, and out of the shop door.\par
Clutching his broken glasses to his face, Harry stared around. He had emerged into a dingy alleyway that seemed to be made up entirely of shops devoted to the Dark Arts. The one he\rquote d just left, Borgin and Burkes, looked like the largest, but opposite was a nasty window display of shrunken heads and, two doors down, a large cage was alive with gigantic black spiders. Two shabby-looking wiz\-ards were watching him from the shadow of a doorway, muttering to each other. Feeling jumpy, Harry set off, trying to hold his glasses on straight and hoping against hope he\rquote d be able to find a way out of here.\par
An old wooden street sign hanging over a shop selling poiso\-nous candles told him he was in Knockturn Alley. This didn\rquote t help, as Harry had never heard of such a place. He supposed he hadn\rquote t spoken clearly enough through his mouthful of ashes back in the Weasleys\rquote  fire. Trying to stay calm, he wondered what to do.\par
\ldblquote Not lost are you, my dear?\rdblquote  said a voice in his ear, making him jump.\par
An aged witch stood in front of him, holding a tray of what looked horribly like whole human fingernails. She leered at him, showing mossy teeth. Harry backed away.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m fine, thanks,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I\rquote m just \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote HARRY! What d\rquote yeh think yer doin\rquote  down there?\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s heart leapt. So did the witch; a load of fingernails cas\-caded down over her feet and she cursed as the massive form of Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, came striding toward them, beetle-black eyes flashing over his great bristling beard.\par
\ldblquote Hagrid!\rdblquote  Harry croaked in relief. \ldblquote I was lost \emdash  Floo pow\-der \emdash\rdblquote\par
Hagrid seized Harry by the scruff of the neck and pulled him away from the witch, knocking the tray right out of her hands. Her shrieks followed them all the way along the twisting alleyway out into bright sunlight. Harry saw a familiar, snow-white marble building in the distance \emdash  Gringotts Bank. Hagrid had steered him right into Diagon Alley.\par
\ldblquote Yer a mess!\rdblquote  said Hagrid gruffly, brushing soot off Harry so forcefully he nearly knocked him into a barrel of dragon dung out\-side an apothecary. \ldblquote Skulkin\rquote  around Knockturn Alley, I dunno \emdash  dodgy place, Harry \emdash  don\rquote  want no one ter see yeh down there \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I realized \i that,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry, ducking as Hagrid made to brush him off again. \ldblquote I told you, I was lost \emdash  what were you doing down there, anyway?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i I\i0  was lookin\rquote  fer a Flesh-Eatin\rquote  Slug Repellent,\rdblquote  growled Ha\-grid. \ldblquote They\rquote re ruinin\rquote  the school cabbages. Yer not on yer own?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m staying with the Weasleys but we got separated,\rdblquote  Harry ex\-plained. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got to go and find them. \'85\rdblquote\par
They set off together down the street.\par
\ldblquote How come yeh never wrote back ter me?\rdblquote  said Hagrid as Harry jogged alongside him (he had to take three steps to every stride of Hagrid\rquote s enormous boots). Harry explained all about Dobby and the Dursleys.\par
\ldblquote Lousy Muggles,\rdblquote  growled Hagrid. \ldblquote If I\rquote d\rquote ve known \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry! Harry! Over here!\rdblquote\par
Harry looked up and saw Hermione Granger standing at the top of the white flight of steps to Gringotts. She ran down to meet them, her bushy brown hair flying behind her.\par
\ldblquote What happened to your glasses? Hello, Hagrid \emdash  Oh, it\rquote s \i wonderful\i0  to see you two again \emdash  Are you coming into Gringotts, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote As soon as I\rquote ve found the Weasleys,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Yeh won\rquote t have long ter wait,\rdblquote  Hagrid said with a grin.\par
Harry and Hermione looked around: Sprinting up the crowded street were Ron, Fred, George, Percy, and Mr. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley panted. \ldblquote We \i hoped\i0  you\rquote d only gone one grate too far. \'85\rdblquote  He mopped his glistening bald patch. \ldblquote Molly\rquote s frantic \emdash  she\rquote s coming now \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Where did you come out?\rdblquote  Ron asked.\par
\ldblquote Knockturn Alley,\rdblquote  said Hagrid grimly.\par
\ldblquote\i Excellent\i0 !\rdblquote  said Fred and George together.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ve never been allowed in,\rdblquote  said Ron enviously.\par
\ldblquote I should ruddy well think not,\rdblquote  growled Hagrid.\par
Mrs. Weasley now came galloping into view, her handbag swing\-ing wildly in one hand, Ginny just clinging onto the other.\par
\ldblquote Oh, Harry \emdash  oh, my dear \emdash  you could have been any\-where \emdash\rdblquote\par
Gasping for breath she pulled a large clothes brush out of her bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid hadn\rquote t managed to beat away. Mr. Weasley took Harry\rquote s glasses, gave them a tap of his wand, and returned them, good as new.\par
\ldblquote Well, gotta be off,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, who was having his hand wrung by Mrs. Weasley (\ldblquote Knockturn Alley! If you hadn\rquote t found him, Hagrid!\rdblquote ). \ldblquote See yer at Hogwarts!\rdblquote  And he strode away, head and shoulders taller than anyone else in the packed street.\par
\ldblquote Guess who I saw in Borgin and Burkes?\rdblquote  Harry asked Ron and Hermione as they climbed the Gringotts steps. \ldblquote Malfoy and his fa\-ther.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did Lucius Malfoy buy anything?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley sharply behind them.\par
\ldblquote No, he was selling \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So he\rquote s worried,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley with grim satisfaction. \ldblquote Oh, I\rquote d love to get Lucius Malfoy for something. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You be careful, Arthur,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley sharply as they were bowed into the bank by a goblin at the door. \ldblquote That family\rquote s trou\-ble. Don\rquote t go biting off more than you can chew \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So you don\rquote t think I\rquote m a match for Lucius Malfoy?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley indignantly, but he was distracted almost at once by the sight of Hermione\rquote s parents, who were standing nervously at the counter that ran all along the great marble hall, waiting for Hermione to introduce them.\par
\ldblquote But you\rquote re \i Muggles\i0 !\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley delightedly. \ldblquote We must have a drink! What\rquote s that you\rquote ve got there? Oh, you\rquote re changing Muggle money. Molly, look!\rdblquote  He pointed excitedly at the ten-pound notes in Mr. Granger\rquote s hand.\par
\ldblquote Meet you back here,\rdblquote  Ron said to Hermione as the Weasleys and Harry were led off to their underground vaults by another Gringotts goblin.\par
The vaults were reached by means of small, goblin-driven carts that sped along minature train tracks through the bank\rquote s under\-ground tunnels. Harry enjoyed the breakneck journey down to the Weasleys\rquote  vault, but felt dreadful, far worse than he had in Knock-turn Alley, when it was opened. There was a very small pile of sil\-ver Sickles inside, and just one gold Galleon. Mrs. Weasley felt right into the corners before sweeping the whole lot into her bag. Harry felt even worse when they reached his vault. He tried to block the contents from view as he hastily shoved handfuls of coins into a leather bag.\par
Back outside on the marble steps, they all separated. Percy mut\-tered vaguely about needing a new quill. Fred and George had spotted their friend from Hogwarts, Lee Jordan. Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were going to a secondhand robe shop. Mr. Weasley was in\-sisting on taking the Grangers off to the Leaky Cauldron for a drink.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll all meet at Flourish and Blotts in an hour to buy your schoolbooks,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, setting off with Ginny. \ldblquote And not one step down Knockturn Alley!\rdblquote  she shouted at the twins\rquote  retreat\-ing backs.\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione strolled off along the winding, cob\-bled street. The bag of gold, silver, and bronze jangling cheerfully in Harry\rquote s pocket was \lang1033 clamoring\lang3081  to be spent, so he bought three large strawberry-and-peanut-butter ice creams, which they slurped happily as they wandered up the alley, examining the fascinating shop windows. Ron gazed longingly at a full set of Chudley Can\-non robes in the windows of Quality Quidditch Supplies until Hermione dragged them off to buy ink and parchment next door. In Gambol and Japes Wizarding Joke Shop, they met Fred, George, and Lee Jordan, who were stocking up on Dr. Filibuster\rquote s Fabulous Wet-Start, No-Heat Fireworks, and in a tiny junk shop full of bro\-ken wands, lopsided brass scales, and old cloaks covered in potion stains they found Percy, deeply immersed in a small and deeply boring book called \i Prefects Who Gained Power.\i0\par
\ldblquote\i A study of Hogwarts prefects and their later careers,\i0\rdblquote  Ron read aloud off the back cover. \ldblquote That sounds \i fascinating. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Go away,\rdblquote  Percy snapped.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Course, he\rquote s very ambitious, Percy, he\rquote s got it all planned out. \'85 He wants to be Minister of Magic \'85\rdblquote  Ron told Harry and Hermione in an undertone as they left Percy to it.\par
An hour later, they headed for Flourish and Blotts. They were by no means the only ones making their way to the bookshop. As they approached it, they saw to their surprise a large crowd jostling out\-side the doors, trying to get in. The reason for this was proclaimed by a large banner stretched across the upper windows:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc GILDEROY LOCKHART\par
will be signing copies of his autobiography\i\par
MAGICAL ME\i0\par
today 12:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\ldblquote We can actually meet him!\rdblquote  Hermione squealed. \ldblquote I mean, he\rquote s written almost the whole booklist!\rdblquote\par
The crowd seemed to be made up mostly of witches around Mrs. Weasley\rquote s age. A harassed-looking wizard stood at the door, saying, \ldblquote Calmly, please, ladies. \'85 Don\rquote t push, there \'85 mind the books, now. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione squeezed inside. A long line wound right to the back of the shop, where Gilderoy Lockhart was signing his books. They each grabbed a copy of \i The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2\i0  and sneaked up the line to where the rest of the Weasleys were standing with Mr. and Mrs. Granger.\par
\ldblquote Oh, there you are, good,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. She sounded breathless and kept patting her hair. \ldblquote We\rquote ll be able to see him in a minute. \'85\rdblquote\par
Gilderoy Lockhart came slowly into view, seated at a table surrounded by large pictures of his own face, all winking and flashing dazzlingly white teeth at the crowd. The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget-me-not blue that exactly matched his eyes; his pointed wizard\rquote s hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair.\par
A short, irritable-looking man was dancing around taking pho\-tographs with a large black camera that emitted puffs of purple smoke with every blinding flash.\par
\ldblquote Out of the way, there,\rdblquote  he snarled at Ron, moving back to get a better shot. \ldblquote This is for the \i Daily Prophet\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Big deal,\rdblquote  said Ron, rubbing his foot where the photographer had stepped on it.\par
Gilderoy Lockhart heard him. He looked up. He saw Ron \emdash  and then he saw Harry. He stared. Then he leapt to his feet and positively shouted, \ldblquote It \i can\rquote t\i0  be Harry Potter?\rdblquote\par
The crowd parted, whispering excitedly; Lockhart dived for\-ward, seized Harry\rquote s arm, and pulled him to the front. The crowd burst into applause. Harry\rquote s face burned as Lockhart shook his hand for the photographer, who was clicking away madly, wafting thick smoke over the Weasleys.\par
\ldblquote Nice big smile, Harry,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, through his own gleam\-ing teeth. \ldblquote Together, you and I are worth the front page.\rdblquote\par
When he finally let go of Harry\rquote s hand, Harry could hardly feel his fingers. He tried to sidle back over to the Weasleys, but Lock\-hart threw an arm around his shoulders and clamped him tightly to his side.\par
\ldblquote Ladies and gentlemen,\rdblquote  he said loudly, waving for quiet. \ldblquote What an extraordinary moment this is! The perfect moment for me to make a little announcement I\rquote ve been sitting on for some time!\par
\ldblquote When young Harry here stepped into Flourish and Blotts to\-day, he only wanted to buy my autobiography \emdash  which I shall be happy to present him now, free of charge \emdash\rdblquote  The crowd applauded again. \ldblquote He had \i no idea,\i0\rdblquote  Lockhart continued, giving Harry a little shake that made his glasses slip to the end of his nose, \ldblquote that he would shortly be getting much, much more than my book, \i Magical Me.\i0  He and his schoolmates will, in fact, be getting the real magical me. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, I have great pleasure and pride in announcing that this September, I will be taking up the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry!\rdblquote\par
The crowd cheered and clapped and Harry found himself being presented with the entire works of Gilderoy Lockhart. Staggering slightly under their weight, he managed to make his way out of the limelight to the edge of the room, where Ginny was standing next to her new cauldron.\par
\ldblquote You have these,\rdblquote  Harry mumbled to her, tipping the books into the cauldron. \ldblquote I\rquote ll buy my own \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Bet you loved that, didn\rquote t you, Potter?\rdblquote  said a voice Harry had no trouble recognizing. He straightened up and found himself face-to-face with Draco Malfoy, who was wearing his usual sneer.\par
\ldblquote\i Famous\i0  Harry Potter,\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote Can\rquote t even go into a \i book\-shop\i0  without making the front page.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Leave him alone, he didn\rquote t want all that!\rdblquote  said Ginny. It was the first time she had spoken in front of Harry. She was glaring at Mal\-foy.\par
\ldblquote Potter, you\rquote ve got yourself a \i girlfriend\i0 !\rdblquote  drawled Malfoy. Ginny went scarlet as Ron and Hermione fought their way over, both clutching stacks of Lockhart\rquote s books.\par
\ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s you,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking at Malfoy as if he were some\-thing unpleasant on the sole of his shoe. \ldblquote Bet you\rquote re surprised to see Harry here, eh?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not as surprised as I am to see you in a shop, Weasley,\rdblquote  retorted Malfoy. \ldblquote I suppose your parents will go hungry for a month to pay for all those.\rdblquote\par
Ron went as red as Ginny. He dropped his books into the caul\-dron, too, and started toward Malfoy, but Harry and Hermione grabbed the back of his jacket.\par
\ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, struggling over with Fred and George. \ldblquote What are you doing? It\rquote s too crowded in here, let\rquote s go outside.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, well, well \emdash  Arthur Weasley.\rdblquote\par
It was Mr. Malfoy. He stood with his hand on Draco\rquote s shoulder, sneering in just the same way.\par
\ldblquote Lucius,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, nodding coldly.\par
\ldblquote Busy time at the Ministry, I hear,\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy. \ldblquote All those raids \'85 I hope they\rquote re paying you overtime?\rdblquote\par
He reached into Ginny\rquote s cauldron and extracted, from amid the glossy Lockhart books, a very old, very battered copy of \i A Begin\-ner\rquote s Guide to Transfiguration.\i0\par
\ldblquote Obviously not,\rdblquote  Mr. Malfoy said. \ldblquote Dear me, what\rquote s the use of being a disgrace to the name of wizard if they don\rquote t even pay you well for it?\rdblquote\par
Mr. Weasley flushed darker than either Ron or Ginny.\par
\ldblquote We have a very different idea of what disgraces the name of wiz\-ard, Malfoy,\rdblquote  he said.\par
\ldblquote Clearly,\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy, his pale eyes straying to Mr. and Mrs. Granger, who were watching apprehensively. \ldblquote The company you keep, Weasley \'85 and I thought your family could sink no lower \emdash\rdblquote\par
There was a thud of metal as Ginny\rquote s cauldron went flying; Mr. Weasley had thrown himself at Mr. Malfoy, knocking him back\-ward into a bookshelf. Dozens of heavy spellbooks came thunder\-ing down on all their heads; there was a yell of, \ldblquote Get him, Dad!\rdblquote  from Fred or George; Mrs. Weasley was shrieking, \ldblquote No, Arthur, no!\rdblquote ; the crowd stampeded backward, knocking more shelves over; \ldblquote Gentlemen, please \emdash  please!\rdblquote  cried the assistant, and then, louder than all \emdash\par
\ldblquote Break it up, there, gents, break it up \emdash\rdblquote\par
Hagrid was wading toward them through the sea of books. In an instant he had pulled Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy apart. Mr. Weasley had a cut lip and Mr. Malfoy had been hit in the eye by an \i Encyclopedia of Toadstools.\i0  He was still holding Ginny\rquote s old Transfiguration book. He thrust it at her, his eyes glittering with malice.\par
\ldblquote Here, girl \emdash  take your book \emdash  it\rquote s the best your father can give you \emdash\rdblquote  Pulling himself out of Hagrid\rquote s grip he beckoned to Draco and swept from the shop.\par
\ldblquote Yeh should\rquote ve ignored him, Arthur,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, almost lifting Mr. Weasley off his feet as he straightened his robes. \ldblquote Rotten ter the core, the whole family, everyone knows that \emdash  no Malfoy\rquote s worth listenin\rquote  ter \emdash  bad blood, that\rquote s what it is \emdash  come on now \emdash  let\rquote s get outta here.\rdblquote\par
The assistant looked as though he wanted to stop them from leaving, but he barely came up to Hagrid\rquote s waist and seemed to think better of it. They hurried up the street, the Grangers shaking with fright and Mrs. Weasley beside herself with fury.\par
\ldblquote A \i fine\i0  example to set for your children \'85 \i brawling\i0  in pub\-lic \'85 \i what\i0  Gilderoy Lockhart must\rquote ve thought \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He was pleased,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t you hear him as we were leaving? He was asking that bloke from the \i Daily Prophet\i0  if he\rquote d be able to work the fight into his report \emdash  said it was all publicity \emdash\rdblquote\par
But it was a subdued group that headed back to the fireside in the Leaky Cauldron, where Harry, the Weasleys, and all their shop\-ping would be traveling back to the Burrow using Floo powder. They said good-bye to the Grangers, who were leaving the pub for the Muggle street on the other side; Mr. Weasley started to ask them how bus stops worked, but stopped quickly at the look on Mrs. Weasley\rquote s face.\par
Harry took off his glasses and put them safely in his pocket be\-fore helping himself to Floo powder. It definitely wasn\rquote t his favorite way to travel.\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 5\par
The Whomping Willow\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033 The end of the summer vacation came too quickly for Harry\rquote s liking. He was looking forward to getting back to Hogwarts, but his month at the Burrow had been the happiest of his life. It was difficult not to feel jealous of Ron when he thought of the Dursleys and the sort of welcome he could expect next time he turned up on Privet Drive.\par
\lang3081 On their last evening, Mrs. Weasley conjured up a sumptuous dinner that included all of Harry\rquote s favorite things, ending with a mouthwatering treacle pudding. Fred and George rounded off the evening with a display of Filibuster fireworks; they filled the kitchen with red and blue stars that bounced from ceiling to wall for at least half an hour. Then it was time for a last mug of hot chocolate and bed.\par
It took a long while to get started next morning. They were up at dawn, but somehow they still seemed to have a great deal to do. Mrs. Weasley dashed about in a bad mood looking for spare socks and quills; people kept colliding on the stairs, half-dressed with bits of toast in their hands; and Mr. Weasley nearly broke his neck, trip\-ping over a stray chicken as he crossed the yard carrying Ginny\rquote s trunk to the car.\par
Harry couldn\rquote t see how eight people, six large trunks, two owls, and a rat were going to fit into one small Ford Anglia. He had reck\-oned, of course, without the special features that Mr. Weasley had added.\par
\ldblquote Not a word to Molly,\rdblquote  he whispered to Harry as he opened the trunk and showed him how it had been magically expanded so that the luggage fitted easily.\par
When at last they were all in the car, Mrs. Weasley glanced into the back seat, where Harry, Ron, Fred, George, and Percy were all sitting comfortably side by side, and said, \ldblquote Muggles \i do\i0  know more than we give them credit for, don\rquote t they?\rdblquote  She and Ginny got into the front seat, which had been stretched so that it resembled a park bench. \ldblquote I mean, you\rquote d never know it was this roomy from the out\-side, would you?\rdblquote\par
Mr. Weasley started up the engine and they trundled out of the yard, Harry turning back for a last look at the house. He barely had time to wonder when he\rquote d see it again when they were back \emdash  George had forgotten his box of Filibuster fireworks. Five minutes after that, they skidded to a halt in the yard so that Fred could run in for his broomstick. They had almost reached the highway when Ginny shrieked that she\rquote d left her diary. By the time she had clam\-bered back into the car, they were running very late, and tempers were running high.\par
Mr. Weasley glanced at his watch and then at his wife.\par
\ldblquote Molly, dear \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i No,\i0  Arthur \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No one would see \emdash  this little button here is an Invisibility Booster I installed \emdash  that\rquote d get us up in the air \emdash  then we fly above the clouds. We\rquote d be there in ten minutes and no one would be any the wiser \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I said \i no,\i0  Arthur, not in broad daylight \emdash\rdblquote\par
They reached King\rquote s Cross at a quarter to eleven. Mr. Weasley dashed across the road to get trolleys for their trunks and they all hurried into the station.\par
Harry had caught the Hogwarts Express the previous year. The tricky part was getting onto platform nine and three-quarters, which wasn\rquote t visible to the Muggle eye. What you had to do was walk through the solid barrier dividing platforms nine and ten. It didn\rquote t hurt, but it had to be done carefully so that none of the Muggles noticed you vanishing.\par
\ldblquote Percy first,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, looking nervously at the clock overhead, which showed they had only five minutes to disappear casually through the barrier.\par
Percy strode briskly forward and vanished. Mr. Weasley went next; Fred and George followed.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll take Ginny and you two come right after us,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley told Harry and Ron, grabbing Ginny\rquote s hand and setting off. In the blink of an eye they were gone.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s go together, we\rquote ve only got a minute,\rdblquote  Ron said to Harry.\par
Harry made sure that Hedwig\rquote s cage was safely wedged on top of his trunk and wheeled his trolley around to face the barrier. He felt perfectly confident; this wasn\rquote t nearly as uncomfortable as using Floo powder. Both of them bent low over the handles of their trol\-leys and walked purposefully toward the barrier, gathering speed. A few feet away from it, they broke into a run and \emdash\par
CRASH.\par
Both trolleys hit the barrier and bounced backward; Ron\rquote s trunk fell off with a loud thump, Harry was knocked off his feet, and Hedwig\rquote s cage bounced onto the shiny floor, and she rolled away, shrieking indignantly; people all around them stared and a guard nearby yelled, \ldblquote What in blazes d\rquote you think you\rquote re doing?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Lost control of the trolley,\rdblquote  Harry gasped, clutching his ribs as he got up. Ron ran to pick up Hedwig, who was causing such a scene that there was a lot of muttering about cruelty to animals from the surrounding crowd.\par
\ldblquote Why can\rquote t we get through?\rdblquote  Harry hissed to Ron.\par
\ldblquote I dunno \emdash\rdblquote\par
Ron looked wildly around. A dozen curious people were still watching them.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re going to miss the train,\rdblquote  Ron whispered. \ldblquote I don\rquote t under\-stand why the gateway\rquote s sealed itself \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry looked up at the giant clock with a sickening feeling in the pit of his stomach. Ten seconds \'85 nine seconds \'85\par
He wheeled his trolley forward cautiously until it was right against the barrier and pushed with all his might. The metal re\-mained solid.\par
Three seconds \'85 two seconds \'85 one second \'85\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s gone,\rdblquote  said Ron, sounding stunned. \ldblquote The train\rquote s left. What if Mum and Dad can\rquote t get back through to us? Have you got any Muggle money?\rdblquote\par
Harry gave a hollow laugh. \ldblquote The Dursleys haven\rquote t given me pocket money for about six years.\rdblquote\par
Ron pressed his ear to the cold barrier.\par
\ldblquote Can\rquote t hear a thing,\rdblquote  he said tensely. \ldblquote What\rquote re we going to do? I don\rquote t know how long it\rquote ll take Mum and Dad to get back to us.\rdblquote\par
They looked around. People were still watching them, mainly because of Hedwig\rquote s continuing screeches.\par
\ldblquote I think we\rquote d better go and wait by the car,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We\rquote re attracting too much atten \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  said Ron, his eyes gleaming. \ldblquote The car!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What about it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We can fly the car to Hogwarts!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But I thought \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re stuck, right? And we\rquote ve got to get to school, haven\rquote t we? And even underage wizards are allowed to use magic if it\rquote s a real emergency, section nineteen or something of the Restriction of Thingy \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But your mum and dad \'85\rdblquote  said Harry, pushing against the barrier again in the vain hope that it would give way. \ldblquote How will they get home?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They don\rquote t need the car!\rdblquote  said Ron impatiently. \ldblquote They know how to Apparate! You know, just vanish and reappear at home! They only bother with Floo powder and the car because we\rquote re all underage and we\rquote re not allowed to Apparate yet. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s feeling of panic turned suddenly to excitement.\par
\ldblquote Can you fly it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No problem,\rdblquote  said Ron, wheeling his trolley around to face the exit. \ldblquote C\rquote mon, let\rquote s go. If we hurry we\rquote ll be able to follow the Hog\-warts Express \emdash\rdblquote\par
And they marched off through the crowd of curious Muggles, out of the station and back onto the side road where the old Ford Anglia was parked.\par
Ron unlocked the cavernous trunk with a series of taps from his wand. They heaved their luggage back in, put Hedwig on the back seat, and got into the front.\par
\ldblquote Check that no one\rquote s watching,\rdblquote  said Ron, starting the ignition with another tap of his wand. Harry stuck his head out of the win\-dow: Traffic was rumbling along the main road ahead, but their street was empty.\par
\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  he said.\par
Ron pressed a tiny silver button on the dashboard. The car around them vanished \emdash  and so did they. Harry could feel the seat vibrating beneath him, hear the engine, feel his hands on his knees and his glasses on his nose, but for all he could see, he had become a pair of eyeballs, floating a few feet above the ground in a dingy street full of parked cars.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s go,\rdblquote  said Ron\rquote s voice from his right.\par
And the ground and the dirty buildings on either side fell away, dropping out of sight as the car rose; in seconds, the whole of Lon\-don lay, smoky and glittering, below them.\par
Then there was a popping noise and the car, Harry, and Ron reappeared.\par
\ldblquote Uh-oh,\rdblquote  said Ron, jabbing at the Invisibility Booster. \ldblquote It\rquote s faulty \emdash\rdblquote\par
Both of them pummeled it. The car vanished. Then it flickered back again.\par
\ldblquote Hold on!\rdblquote  Ron yelled, and he slammed his foot on the accelerator; they shot straight into the low, woolly clouds and everything turned dull and foggy.\par
\ldblquote Now what?\rdblquote  said Harry, blinking at the solid mass of cloud pressing in on them from all sides.\par
\ldblquote We need to see the train to know what direction to go in,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Dip back down again \emdash  quickly \emdash\rdblquote\par
They dropped back beneath the clouds and twisted around in their seats, squinting at the ground.\par
\ldblquote I can see it!\rdblquote  Harry yelled. \ldblquote Right ahead \emdash  there!\rdblquote\par
The Hogwarts Express was streaking along below them like a scarlet snake.\par
\ldblquote Due north,\rdblquote  said Ron, checking the compass on the dashboard. \ldblquote Okay, we\rquote ll just have to check on it every half hour or so \emdash  hold on \emdash\rdblquote\par
And they shot up through the clouds. A minute later, they burst out into a blaze of sunlight.\par
It was a different world. The wheels of the car skimmed the sea of fluffy cloud, the sky a bright, endless blue under the blinding white sun.\par
\ldblquote All we\rquote ve got to worry about now are airplanes,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
They looked at each other and started to laugh; for a long time, they couldn\rquote t stop.\par
It was as though they had been plunged into a fabulous dream. This, thought Harry, was surely the only way to travel \emdash  past swirls and turrets of snowy cloud, in a car full of hot, bright sun\-light, with a fat pack of toffees in the glove compartment, and the prospect of seeing Fred\rquote s and George\rquote s jealous faces when they landed smoothly and spectacularly on the sweeping lawn in front of Hogwarts castle.\par
They made regular checks on the train as they flew farther and farther north, each dip beneath the clouds showing them a dif\-ferent view. London was soon far behind them, replaced by neat green fields that gave way in turn to wide, purplish moors, a great city alive with cars like multicolored ants, villages with tiny toy churches.\par
Several uneventful hours later, however, Harry had to admit that some of the fun was wearing off. The toffees had made them ex\-tremely thirsty and they had nothing to drink. He and Ron had pulled off their sweaters, but Harry\rquote s T-shirt was sticking to the back of his seat and his glasses kept sliding down to the end of his sweaty nose. He had stopped noticing the fantastic cloud shapes now and was thinking longingly of the train miles below, where you could buy ice-cold pumpkin juice from a trolley pushed by a plump witch. \i Why\i0  hadn\rquote t they been able to get onto platform nine and three-quarters?\par
\ldblquote Can\rquote t be much further, can it?\rdblquote  croaked Ron, hours later still, as the sun started to sink into their floor of cloud, staining it a deep pink. \ldblquote Ready for another check on the train?\rdblquote\par
It was still right below them, winding its way past a snowcapped mountain. It was much darker beneath the canopy of clouds.\par
Ron put his foot on the accelerator and drove them upward again, but as he did so, the engine began to whine.\par
Harry and Ron exchanged nervous glances.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s probably just tired,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s never been this far be\-fore. \'85\rdblquote\par
And they both pretended not to notice the whining growing louder and louder as the sky became steadily darker. Stars were blossoming in the blackness. Harry pulled his sweater back on, try\-ing to ignore the way the windshield wipers were now waving fee\-bly, as though in protest.\par
\ldblquote Not far,\rdblquote  said Ron, more to the car than to Harry, \ldblquote not far now,\rdblquote  and he patted the dashboard nervously.\par
When they flew back beneath the clouds a little while later, they had to squint through the darkness for a landmark they knew.\par
\ldblquote\i There\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry shouted, making Ron and Hedwig jump. \ldblquote Straight ahead!\rdblquote\par
Silhouetted on the dark horizon, high on the cliff over the lake, stood the many turrets and towers of Hogwarts castle.\par
But the car had begun to shudder and was losing speed.\par
\ldblquote Come on,\rdblquote  Ron said cajolingly, giving the steering wheel a lit\-tle shake, \ldblquote nearly there, come on \emdash\rdblquote\par
The engine groaned. Narrow jets of steam were issuing from un\-der the hood. Harry found himself gripping the edges of his seat very hard as they flew toward the lake.\par
The car gave a nasty wobble. Glancing out of his window, Harry saw the smooth, black, glassy surface of the water, a mile below. Ron\rquote s knuckles were white on the steering wheel. The car wobbled again.\par
\ldblquote Come \i on,\i0\rdblquote  Ron muttered.\par
They were over the lake \emdash  the castle was right ahead \emdash  Ron put his foot down.\par
There was a loud clunk, a splutter, and the engine died com\-pletely.\par
\ldblquote Uh-oh,\rdblquote  said Ron, into the silence.\par
The nose of the car dropped. They were falling, gathering speed, heading straight for the solid castle wall.\par
\ldblquote\i Noooooo\i0 !\rdblquote  Ron yelled, swinging the steering wheel around; they missed the dark stone wall by inches as the car turned in a great arc, soaring over the dark greenhouses, then the vegetable patch, and then out over the black lawns, losing altitude all the time.\par
Ron let go of the steering wheel completely and pulled his wand out of his back pocket \emdash\par
\ldblquote STOP! STOP!\rdblquote  he yelled, whacking the dashboard and the windshield, but they were still plummeting, the ground flying up toward them \emdash\par
\ldblquote WATCH OUT FOR THAT TREE!\rdblquote  Harry bellowed, lunging for the steering wheel, but too late \emdash\par
CRUNCH.\par
With an earsplitting bang of metal on wood, they hit the thick tree trunk and dropped to the ground with a heavy jolt. Steam was billowing from under the crumpled hood; Hedwig was shrieking in terror; a golf-ball-sized lump was throbbing on Harry\rquote s head where he had hit the windshield; and to his right, Ron let out a low, de\-spairing groan.\par
\ldblquote Are you okay?\rdblquote  Harry said urgently.\par
\ldblquote My wand,\rdblquote  said Ron, in a shaky voice. \ldblquote Look at my wand \emdash\rdblquote\par
It had snapped, almost in two; the tip was dangling limply, held on by a few splinters.\par
Harry opened his mouth to say he was sure they\rquote d be able to mend it up at the school, but he never even got started. At that very moment, something hit his side of the car with the force of a charging bull, sending him lurching sideways into Ron, just as an equally heavy blow hit the roof.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s happen \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
Ron gasped, staring through the windshield, and Harry looked around just in time to see a branch as thick as a python smash into it. The tree they had hit was attacking them. Its trunk was bent al\-most double, and its gnarled boughs were pummeling every inch of the car it could reach.\par
\ldblquote Aaargh!\rdblquote  said Ron as another twisted limb punched a large dent into his door; the windshield was now trembling under a hail of blows from knuckle-like twigs and a branch as thick as a battering ram was pounding furiously on the roof, which seemed to be cav\-ing \emdash\par
\ldblquote Run for it!\rdblquote  Ron shouted, throwing his full weight against his door, but next second he had been knocked backward into Harry\rquote s lap by a vicious uppercut from another branch.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re done for!\rdblquote  he moaned as the ceiling sagged, but suddenly the floor of the car was vibrating \emdash  the engine had restarted.\par
\ldblquote\i Reverse\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled, and the car shot backward; the tree was still trying to hit them; they could hear its roots creaking as it al\-most ripped itself up, lashing out at them as they sped out of reach.\par
\ldblquote That,\rdblquote  panted Ron, \ldblquote was close. Well done, car \emdash\rdblquote\par
The car, however, had reached the end of its tether. With two sharp clunks, the doors flew open and Harry felt his seat tip side\-ways: Next thing he knew he was sprawled on the damp ground. Loud thuds told him that the car was ejecting their luggage from the trunk; Hedwig\rquote s cage flew through the air and burst open; she rose out of it with an angry screech and sped off toward the castle without a backward look. Then, dented, scratched, and steaming, the car rumbled off into the darkness, its rear lights blazing angrily.\par
\ldblquote Come back!\rdblquote  Ron yelled after it, brandishing his broken wand. \ldblquote Dad\rquote ll kill me!\rdblquote\par
But the car disappeared from view with one last snort from its exhaust.\par
\ldblquote Can you \i believe\i0  our luck?\rdblquote  said Ron miserably, bending down to pick up Scabbers. \ldblquote Of all the trees we could\rquote ve hit, we had to get one that hits back.\rdblquote\par
He glanced over his shoulder at the ancient tree, which was still flailing its branches threateningly.\par
\ldblquote Come on,\rdblquote  said Harry wearily, \ldblquote we\rquote d better get up to the school. \'85\rdblquote\par
It wasn\rquote t at all the triumphant arrival they had pictured. Stiff, cold, and bruised, they seized the ends of their trunks and began dragging them up the grassy slope, toward the great oak front doors.\par
\ldblquote I think the feast\rquote s already started,\rdblquote  said Ron, dropping his trunk at the foot of the front steps and crossing quietly to look through a brightly lit window. \ldblquote Hey \emdash  Harry \emdash  come and look \emdash  it\rquote s the Sorting!\rdblquote\par
Harry hurried over and, together, he and Ron peered in at the Great Hall.\par
Innumerable candles were hovering in midair over four long, crowded tables, making the golden plates and goblets sparkle. Overhead, the bewitched ceiling, which always mirrored the sky outside, sparkled with stars.\par
Through the forest of pointed black Hogwarts hats, Harry saw a long line of scared-looking first years filing into the Hall. Ginny was among them, easily visible because of her vivid Weasley hair. Meanwhile, Professor McGonagall, a bespectacled witch with her hair in a tight bun, was placing the famous Hogwarts Sorting Hat on a stool before the newcomers.\par
Every year, this aged old hat, patched, frayed, and dirty, sorted new students into the four Hogwarts houses (Gryffindor, Huf\-flepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin). Harry well remembered putting it on, exactly one year ago, and waiting, petrified, for its decision as it muttered aloud in his ear. For a few horrible seconds he had feared that the hat was going to put him in Slytherin, the House that had turned out more Dark witches and wizards than any other \emdash  but he had ended up in Gryffindor, along with Ron, Hermione, and the rest of the Weasleys. Last term, Harry and Ron had helped Gryffindor win the House Championship, beating Slytherin for the first time in seven years.\par
A very small, mousy-haired boy had been called forward to place the hat on his head. Harry\rquote s eyes wandered past him to where Pro\-fessor Dumbledore, the headmaster, sat watching the Sorting from the staff table, his long silver beard and half-moon glasses shining brightly in the candlelight. Several seats along, Harry saw Gilderoy Lockhart, dressed in robes of aquamarine. And there at the end was Hagrid, huge and hairy, drinking deeply from his goblet.\par
\ldblquote Hang on \'85\rdblquote  Harry muttered to Ron. \ldblquote There\rquote s an empty chair at the staff table. \'85 Where\rquote s Snape?\rdblquote\par
Professor Severus Snape was Harry\rquote s least favorite teacher. Harry also happened to be Snape\rquote s least favorite student. Cruel, sarcastic, and disliked by everybody except the students from his own House (Slytherin), Snape taught Potions.\par
\ldblquote Maybe he\rquote s ill!\rdblquote  said Ron hopefully.\par
\ldblquote Maybe he\rquote s \i left,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote because he missed out on the De\-fense Against the Dark Arts job \i again\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Or he might have been \i sacked\i0 !\rdblquote  said Ron enthusiastically. \ldblquote I mean, everyone hates him \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Or maybe,\rdblquote  said a very cold voice right behind them, \ldblquote he\rquote s waiting to hear why you two didn\rquote t arrive on the school train.\rdblquote\par
Harry spun around. There, his black robes rippling in a cold breeze, stood Severus Snape. He was a thin man with sallow skin, a hooked nose, and greasy, shoulder-length black hair, and at this moment, he was smiling in a way that told Harry he and Ron were in very deep trouble.\par
\ldblquote Follow me,\rdblquote  said Snape.\par
Not daring even to look at each other, Harry and Ron followed Snape up the steps into the vast, echoing entrance hall, which was lit with flaming torches. A delicious smell of food was wafting from the Great Hall, but Snape led them away from the warmth and light, down a narrow stone staircase that led into the dungeons.\par
\ldblquote In!\rdblquote  he said, opening a door halfway down the cold passageway and pointing.\par
They entered Snape\rquote s office, shivering. The shadowy walls were lined with shelves of large glass jars, in which floated all manner of revolting things Harry didn\rquote t really want to know the name of at the moment. The fireplace was dark and empty. Snape closed the door and turned to look at them.\par
\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  he said softly, \ldblquote the train isn\rquote t good enough for the famous Harry Potter and his faithful sidekick, Weasley. Wanted to arrive with a \i bang,\i0  did we, boys?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, sir, it was the barrier at King\rquote s Cross, it \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Silence!\rdblquote  said Snape coldly. \ldblquote What have you done with the car?\rdblquote\par
Ron gulped. This wasn\rquote t the first time Snape had given Harry the impression of being able to read minds. But a moment later, he un\-derstood, as Snape unrolled today\rquote s issue of the \i Evening Prophet.\i0\par
\ldblquote You were seen,\rdblquote  he hissed, showing them the headline: \i FLY\-ING FORD ANGLIA MYSTIFIES MUGGLES. \i0 He began to read aloud: \ldblquote Two Muggles in London, convinced they saw an old car flying over the Post Office tower \'85 at noon in Norfolk, Mrs. Hetty Bayliss, while hanging out her washing \'85 Mr. Angus Fleet, of Peebles, reported to police \'85 Six or seven Muggles in all. I be\-lieve \i your \i0 father works in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office?\rdblquote  he said, looking up at Ron and smiling still more nastily. \ldblquote Dear, dear \'85 his own son \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry felt as though he\rquote d just been walloped in the stomach by one of the mad tree\rquote s larger branches. If anyone found out Mr. Weasley had bewitched the car \'85 he hadn\rquote t thought of that. \'85\par
\ldblquote I noticed, in my search of the park, that considerable damage seems to have been done to a very valuable Whomping Willow,\rdblquote  Snape went on.\par
\ldblquote That tree did more damage to \i us\i0  than we \emdash\rdblquote  Ron blurted out.\par
\ldblquote\i Silence\i0 !\rdblquote  snapped Snape again. \ldblquote Most unfortunately, you are not in my House and the decision to expel you does not rest with me. I shall go and fetch the people who \i do\i0  have that happy power. You will wait here.\rdblquote\par
Harry and Ron stared at each other, white-faced. Harry didn\rquote t feel hungry anymore. He now felt extremely sick. He tried not to look at a large, slimy something suspended in green liquid on a shelf behind Snape\rquote s desk. If Snape had gone to fetch Professor McGonagall, head of Gryffindor House, they were hardly any bet\-ter off. She might be fairer than Snape, but she was still extremely strict.\par
Ten minutes later, Snape returned, and sure enough it was Pro\-fessor McGonagall who accompanied him. Harry had seen Profes\-sor McGonagall angry on several occasions, but either he had forgotten just how thin her mouth could go, or he had never seen her this angry before. She raised her wand the moment she entered; Harry and Ron both flinched, but she merely pointed it at the empty fireplace, where flames suddenly erupted.\par
\ldblquote Sit,\rdblquote  she said, and they both backed into chairs by the fire.\par
\ldblquote Explain,\rdblquote  she said, her glasses glinting ominously.\par
Ron launched into the story, starting with the barrier at the sta\-tion refusing to let them through.\par
\ldblquote\emdash  so we had no choice, Professor, we couldn\rquote t get on the train.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why didn\rquote t you send us a letter by owl? I believe \i you\i0  have an owl?\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall said coldly to Harry.\par
Harry gaped at her. Now she\rquote d said it, that seemed the obvious thing to have done.\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  I didn\rquote t think \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, \ldblquote is obvious.\rdblquote\par
There was a knock on the office door and Snape, now looking happier than ever, opened it. There stood the headmaster, Professor Dumbledore.\par
Harry\rquote s whole body went numb. Dumbledore was looking un\-usually grave. He stared down his very crooked nose at them, and Harry suddenly found himself wishing he and Ron were still being beaten up by the Whomping Willow.\par
There was a long silence. Then Dumbledore said, \ldblquote Please ex\-plain why you did this.\rdblquote\par
It would have been better if he had shouted. Harry hated the dis\-appointment in his voice. For some reason, he was unable to look Dumbledore in the eyes, and spoke instead to his knees. He told Dumbledore everything except that Mr. Weasley owned the be\-witched car, making it sound as though he and Ron had happened to find a flying car parked outside the station. He knew Dumble\-dore would see through this at once, but Dumbledore asked no questions about the car. When Harry had finished, he merely con\-tinued to peer at them through his spectacles.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll go and get our stuff,\rdblquote  said Ron in a hopeless sort of voice.\par
\ldblquote What are you talking about, Weasley?\rdblquote  barked Professor Mc\-Gonagall.\par
\ldblquote Well, you\rquote re expelling us, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
Harry looked quickly at Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote Not today, Mr. Weasley,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote But I must im\-press upon both of you the seriousness of what you have done. I will be writing to both your families tonight. I must also warn you that if you do anything like this again, I will have no choice but to expel you.\rdblquote\par
Snape looked as though Christmas had been canceled. He cleared his throat and said, \ldblquote Professor Dumbledore, these boys have flouted the Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry, caused serious damage to an old and valuable tree \emdash  surely acts of this nature \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It will be for Professor McGonagall to decide on these boys\rquote  punishments, Severus,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly. \ldblquote They are in her House and are therefore her responsibility.\rdblquote  He turned to Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote I must go back to the feast, Minerva, I\rquote ve got to give out a few notices. Come, Severus, there\rquote s a delicious-looking cus\-tard tart I want to sample \emdash\rdblquote\par
Snape shot a look of pure venom at Harry and Ron as he allowed himself to be swept out of his office, leaving them alone with Pro\-fessor McGonagall, who was still eyeing them like a wrathful eagle.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d better get along to the hospital wing, Weasley, you\rquote re bleeding.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not much,\rdblquote  said Ron, hastily wiping the cut over his eye with his sleeve. \ldblquote Professor, I wanted to watch my sister being Sorted \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The Sorting Ceremony is over,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Your sister is also in Gryffindor.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, good,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote And speaking of Gryffindor \emdash\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall said sharply, but Harry cut in: \ldblquote Professor, when we took the car, term hadn\rquote t started, so \emdash  so Gryffindor shouldn\rquote t really have points taken from it \emdash  should it?\rdblquote  he finished, watching her anxiously.\par
Professor McGonagall gave him a piercing look, but he was sure she had almost smiled. Her mouth looked less thin, anyway.\par
\ldblquote I will not take any points from Gryffindor,\rdblquote  she said, and Harry\rquote s heart lightened considerably. \ldblquote But you will both get a de\-tention.\rdblquote\par
It was better than Harry had expected. As for Dumbledore\rquote s writing to the Dursleys, that was nothing. Harry knew perfectly well they\rquote d just be disappointed that the Whomping Willow hadn\rquote t squashed him flat.\par
Professor McGonagall raised her wand again and pointed it at Snape\rquote s desk. A large plate of sandwiches, two silver goblets, and a jug of iced pumpkin juice appeared with a pop.\par
\ldblquote You will eat in here and then go straight up to your dormitory,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote I must also return to the feast.\rdblquote\par
When the door had closed behind her, Ron let out a long, low whistle.\par
\ldblquote I thought we\rquote d had it,\rdblquote  he said, grabbing a sandwich.\par
\ldblquote So did I,\rdblquote  said Harry, taking one, too.\par
\ldblquote Can you believe our luck, though?\rdblquote  said Ron thickly through a mouthful of chicken and ham. \ldblquote Fred and George must\rquote ve flown that car five or six times and no Muggle ever saw \i them.\i0\rdblquote  He swal\-lowed and took another huge bite. \ldblquote\i Why\i0  couldn\rquote t we get through the barrier?\rdblquote\par
Harry shrugged. \ldblquote We\rquote ll have to watch our step from now on, though,\rdblquote  he said, taking a grateful swig of pumpkin juice. \ldblquote Wish we could\rquote ve gone up to the feast. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She didn\rquote t want us showing off,\rdblquote  said Ron sagely. \ldblquote Doesn\rquote t want people to think it\rquote s clever, arriving by flying car.\rdblquote\par
When they had eaten as many sandwiches as they could (the plate kept refilling itself), they rose and left the office, treading the familiar path to Gryffindor Tower. The castle was quiet; it seemed that the feast was over. They walked past muttering portraits and creaking suits of armor, and climbed narrow flights of stone stairs, until at last they reached the passage where the secret entrance to Gryffindor Tower was hidden, behind an oil painting of a very fat woman in a pink silk dress.\par
\ldblquote Password?\rdblquote  she said as they approached.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
They didn\rquote t know the new year\rquote s password, not having met a Gryffindor prefect yet, but help came almost immediately; they heard hurrying feet behind them and turned to see Hermione dashing toward them.\par
\ldblquote\i There\i0  you are! Where have you \i been\i0 ? The most \i ridiculous\i0  ru\-mors \emdash  someone said you\rquote d been expelled for crashing a flying \i car\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, we haven\rquote t been expelled,\rdblquote  Harry assured her.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re not telling me you \i did\i0  fly here?\rdblquote  said Hermione, sound\-ing almost as severe as Professor McGonagall.\par
\ldblquote Skip the lecture,\rdblquote  said Ron impatiently, \ldblquote and tell us the new password.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s \lquote wattlebird,\rquote  \rdblquote  said Hermione impatiently, \ldblquote but that\rquote s not the point \emdash\rdblquote\par
Her words were cut short, however, as the portrait of the fat lady swung open and there was a sudden storm of clapping. It looked as though the whole of Gryffindor House was still awake, packed into the circular common room, standing on the lopsided tables and squashy armchairs, waiting for them to arrive. Arms reached through the portrait hole to pull Harry and Ron inside, leaving Hermione to scramble in after them.\par
\ldblquote Brilliant!\rdblquote  yelled Lee Jordan. \ldblquote Inspired! What an entrance! Fly\-ing a car right into the Whomping Willow, people\rquote ll be talking about that one for years \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good for you,\rdblquote  said a fifth year Harry had never spoken to; someone was patting him on the back as though he\rquote d just won a marathon; Fred and George pushed their way to the front of the crowd and said together, \ldblquote Why couldn\rquote t we\rquote ve come in the car, eh?\rdblquote  Ron was scarlet in the face, grinning embarrassedly, but Harry could see one person who didn\rquote t look happy at all. Percy was visible over the heads of some excited first years, and he seemed to be try\-ing to get near enough to start telling them off. Harry nudged Ron in the ribs and nodded in Percy\rquote s direction. Ron got the point at once.\par
\ldblquote Got to get upstairs \emdash  bit tired,\rdblquote  he said, and the two of them started pushing their way toward the door on the other side of the room, which led to a spiral staircase and the dormitories.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Night,\rdblquote  Harry called back to Hermione, who was wearing a scowl just like Percy\rquote s.\par
They managed to get to the other side of the common room, still having their backs slapped, and gained the peace of the stair\-case. They hurried up it, right to the top, and at last reached the door of their old dormitory, which now had a sign on it saying SECOND YEARS. They entered the familiar, circular room, with its five four-posters hung with red velvet and its high, narrow win\-dows. Their trunks had been brought up for them and stood at the ends of their beds.\par
Ron grinned guiltily at Harry.\par
\ldblquote I know I shouldn\rquote t\rquote ve enjoyed that or anything, but \emdash\rdblquote\par
The dormitory door flew open and in came the other second year Gryffindor boys, Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, and Neville Longbottom.\par
\ldblquote\i Unbelievable\i0 !\rdblquote  beamed Seamus.\par
\ldblquote Cool,\rdblquote  said Dean.\par
\ldblquote Amazing,\rdblquote  said Neville, awestruck.\par
Harry couldn\rquote t help it. He grinned, too.\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 6\par
Gilderoy Lockhart \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033 The next day, however, Harry barely grinned once. Things started to go downhill from breakfast in the Great Hall. The four long House tables were laden with tureens of porridge, plates of kippers, mountains of toast, and dishes of eggs and bacon, be\-neath the enchanted ceiling (today, a dull, cloudy gray). Harry and Ron sat down at the Gryffindor table next to Hermione, who had her copy of \i Voyages with Vampires\i0  propped open against a milk jug. There was a slight stiffness in the way she said \ldblquote  \rquote Morning,\rdblquote  which told Harry that she was still disapproving of the way they had ar\-rived. Neville Longbottom, on the other hand, greeted them cheer\-fully. Neville was a round-faced and accident-prone boy with the worst memory of anyone Harry had ever met.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Mail\rquote s due any minute \emdash  I think Gran\rquote s sending a few things I forgot.\rdblquote\par
Harry had only just started his porridge when, sure enough, there was a rushing sound overhead and a hundred or so owls streamed in, circling the hall and dropping letters and packages into the chattering crowd. A big, lumpy package bounced off Neville\rquote s head and, a second later, something large and gray fell into Hermione\rquote s jug, spraying them all with milk and feathers.\par
\ldblquote\i Errol\i0 !\rdblquote  said Ron, pulling the bedraggled owl out by the feet. Er\-rol slumped, unconscious, onto the table, his legs in the air and a damp red envelope in his beak.\par
\ldblquote Oh, no \emdash\rdblquote  Ron gasped.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s all right, he\rquote s still alive,\rdblquote  said Hermione, prodding Errol gently with the tip of her finger.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not that \emdash  it\rquote s \i that.\i0\rdblquote\par
Ron was pointing at the red envelope. It looked quite ordinary to Harry, but Ron and Neville were both looking at it as though they expected it to explode.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s \emdash  she\rquote s sent me a Howler,\rdblquote  said Ron faintly.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d better open it, Ron,\rdblquote  said Neville in a timid whisper. \ldblquote It\rquote ll be worse if you don\rquote t. My gran sent me one once, and I ignored it and\rdblquote  \emdash  he gulped \emdash  \ldblquote it was horrible.\rdblquote\par
Harry looked from their petrified faces to the red envelope.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s a Howler?\rdblquote  he said.\par
But Ron\rquote s whole attention was fixed on the letter, which had be\-gun to smoke at the corners.\par
\ldblquote Open it,\rdblquote  Neville urged. \ldblquote It\rquote ll all be over in a few minutes \emdash\rdblquote\par
Ron stretched out a shaking hand, eased the envelope from Er\-rol\rquote s beak, and slit it open. Neville stuffed his fingers in his ears. A split second later, Harry knew why. He thought for a moment it \i had\i0  exploded; a roar of sound filled the huge hall, shaking dust from the ceiling.\par
\b\ldblquote\i\emdash  STEALING THE CAR, I WOULDN\rquote T HAVE BEEN SUR\-PRISED IF THEY\rquote D EXPELLED YOU, YOU WAIT TILL I GET HOLD OF YOU, I DON\rquote T SUPPOSE YOU STOPPED TO THINK WHAT YOUR FATHER AND I WENT THROUGH WHEN WE SAW IT WAS GONE \emdash\i0\rdblquote\i\par
\b0\i0 Mrs. Weasley\rquote s yells, a hundred times louder than usual, made the plates and spoons rattle on the table, and echoed deafeningly off the stone walls. People throughout the hall were swiveling around to see who had received the Howler, and Ron sank so low in his chair that only his crimson forehead could be seen.\par
\b\ldblquote\i\emdash  LETTER FROM DUMBLEDORE LAST NIGHT, I THOUGHT YOUR FATHER WOULD DIE OF SHAME, WE DIDN\rquote T BRING YOU UP TO BEHAVE LIKE THIS, YOU AND HARRY COULD BOTH HAVE DIED \emdash\i0\rdblquote\i\par
\b0\i0 Harry had been wondering when his name was going to crop up. He tried very hard to look as though he couldn\rquote t hear the voice that was making his eardrums throb.\par
\b\ldblquote\i\emdash  ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTED \emdash  YOUR FATHER\rquote S FAC\-ING AN INQUIRY AT WORK, IT\rquote S ENTIRELY YOUR FAULT AND IF YOU PUT ANOTHER TOE OUT OF LINE WE\rquote LL BRING YOU STRAIGHT BACK HOME.\i0\rdblquote\i\par
\b0\i0 A ringing silence fell. The red envelope, which had dropped from Ron\rquote s hand, burst into flames and curled into ashes. Harry and Ron sat stunned, as though a tidal wave had just passed over them. A few people laughed and, gradually, a babble of talk broke out again.\par
Hermione closed \i Voyages with Vampires\i0  and looked down at the top of Ron\rquote s head.\par
\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote t know what you expected, Ron, but you \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t tell me I deserved it,\rdblquote  snapped Ron.\par
Harry pushed his porridge away. His insides were burning with guilt. Mr. Weasley was facing an inquiry at work. After all Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had done for him over the summer \'85\par
But he had no time to dwell on this; Professor McGonagall was moving along the Gryffindor table, handing out course schedules. Harry took his and saw that they had double Herbology with the Hufflepuffs first.\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione left the castle together, crossed the vegetable patch, and made for the greenhouses, where the magical plants were kept. At least the Howler had done one good thing: Hermione seemed to think they had now been punished enough and was being perfectly friendly again.\par
As they neared the greenhouses they saw the rest of the class standing outside, waiting for Professor Sprout. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had only just joined them when she came striding into view across the lawn, accompanied by Gilderoy Lockhart. Profes\-sor Sprout\rquote s arms were full of bandages, and with another twinge of guilt, Harry spotted the Whomping Willow in the distance, several of its branches now in slings.\par
Professor Sprout was a squat little witch who wore a patched hat over her flyaway hair; there was usually a large amount of earth on her clothes and her fingernails would have made Aunt Petunia faint. Gilderoy Lockhart, however, was immaculate in sweeping robes of turquoise, his golden hair shining under a perfectly posi\-tioned turquoise hat with gold trimming.\par
\ldblquote Oh, hello there!\rdblquote  he called, beaming around at the assembled students. \ldblquote Just been showing Professor Sprout the right way to doc\-tor a Whomping Willow! But I don\rquote t want you running away with the idea that I\rquote m better at Herbology than she is! I just happen to have met several of these exotic plants on my travels \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Greenhouse three today, chaps!\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout, who was looking distinctly disgruntled, not at all her usual cheerful self.\par
There was a murmur of interest. They had only ever worked in greenhouse one before \emdash  greenhouse three housed far more in\-teresting and dangerous plants. Professor Sprout took a large key from her belt and unlocked the door. Harry caught a whiff of damp earth and fertilizer mingling with the heavy perfume of some giant, umbrella-sized flowers dangling from the ceiling. He was about to follow Ron and Hermione inside when Lockhart\rquote s hand shot out.\par
\ldblquote Harry! I\rquote ve been wanting a word \emdash  you don\rquote t mind if he\rquote s a couple of minutes late, do you, Professor Sprout?\rdblquote\par
Judging by Professor Sprout\rquote s scowl, she did mind, but Lockhart said, \ldblquote That\rquote s the ticket,\rdblquote  and closed the greenhouse door in her face.\par
\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, his large white teeth gleaming in the sunlight as he shook his head. \ldblquote Harry, Harry, Harry.\rdblquote\par
Completely nonplussed, Harry said nothing.\par
\ldblquote When I heard \emdash  well, of course, it was all my fault. Could have kicked myself.\rdblquote\par
Harry had no idea what he was talking about. He was about to say so when Lockhart went on, \ldblquote Don\rquote t know when I\rquote ve been more shocked. Flying a car to Hogwarts! Well, of course, I knew at once why you\rquote d done it. Stood out a mile. Harry, Harry, \i Harry.\i0\rdblquote\par
It was remarkable how he could show every one of those brilliant teeth even when he wasn\rquote t talking.\par
\ldblquote Gave you a taste for publicity, didn\rquote t I?\rdblquote  said Lockhart. \ldblquote Gave you the \i bug.\i0  You got onto the front page of the paper with me and you couldn\rquote t wait to do it again.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, no, Professor, see \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry, Harry, Harry,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, reaching out and grasping his shoulder. \ldblquote\i I understand\i0 . Natural to want a bit more once you\rquote ve had that first taste \emdash  and I blame myself for giving you that, be\-cause it was bound to go to your head \emdash  but see here, young man, you can\rquote t start \i flying cars\i0  to try and get yourself noticed. Just calm down, all right? Plenty of time for all that when you\rquote re older. Yes, yes, I know what you\rquote re thinking! \lquote It\rquote s all right for him, he\rquote s an in\-ternationally famous wizard already!\rquote  But when I was twelve, I was just as much of a nobody as you are now. In fact, I\rquote d say I was even more of a nobody! I mean, a few people have heard of you, haven\rquote t they? All that business with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named!\rdblquote  He glanced at the lightning scar on Harry\rquote s forehead. \ldblquote I know, I know \emdash  it\rquote s not quite as good as winning \i Witch Weekly\rquote s\i0  Most-Charming-Smile Award five times in a row, as I have \emdash  but it\rquote s a \i start,\i0  Harry, it\rquote s a \i start.\i0\rdblquote\par
He gave Harry a hearty wink and strode off. Harry stood stunned for a few seconds, then, remembering he was supposed to be in the greenhouse, he opened the door and slid inside.\par
Professor Sprout was standing behind a trestle bench in the cen\-ter of the greenhouse. About twenty pairs of different-colored ear-muffs were lying on the bench. When Harry had taken his place between Ron and Hermione, she said, \ldblquote We\rquote ll be repotting Man\-drakes today. Now, who can tell me the properties of the Man\-drake?\rdblquote\par
To nobody\rquote s surprise, Hermione\rquote s hand was first into the air.\par
\ldblquote Mandrake, or Mandragora, is a powerful restorative,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione, sounding as usual as though she had swallowed the text\-book. \ldblquote It is used to return people who have been transfigured or cursed to their original state.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Excellent. Ten points to Gryffindor,\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout. \ldblquote The Mandrake forms an essential part of most antidotes. It is also, however, dangerous. Who can tell me why?\rdblquote\par
Hermione\rquote s hand narrowly missed Harry\rquote s glasses as it shot up again.\par
\ldblquote The cry of the Mandrake is fatal to anyone who hears it,\rdblquote  she said promptly.\par
\ldblquote Precisely. Take another ten points,\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout. \ldblquote Now, the Mandrakes we have here are still very young.\rdblquote\par
She pointed to a row of deep trays as she spoke, and everyone shuffled forward for a better look. A hundred or so tufty little plants, purplish green in color, were growing there in rows. They looked quite unremarkable to Harry, who didn\rquote t have the slightest idea what Hermione meant by the \ldblquote cry\rdblquote  of the Mandrake.\par
\ldblquote Everyone take a pair of earmuffs,\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout.\par
There was a scramble as everyone tried to seize a pair that wasn\rquote t pink and fluffy.\par
\ldblquote When I tell you to put them on, make sure your ears are \i com\-pletely\i0  covered,\rdblquote  said Professor Sprout. \ldblquote When it is safe to remove them, I will give you the thumbs-up. Right \emdash  earmuffs \i on.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry snapped the earmuffs over his ears. They shut out sound completely. Professor Sprout put the pink, fluffy pair over her own ears, rolled up the sleeves of her robes, grasped one of the tufty plants firmly, and pulled hard.\par
Harry let out a gasp of surprise that no one could hear.\par
Instead of roots, a small, muddy, and extremely ugly baby popped out of the earth. The leaves were growing right out of his head. He had pale green, mottled skin, and was clearly bawling at the top of his lungs.\par
Professor Sprout took a large plant pot from under the table and plunged the Mandrake into it, burying him in dark, damp com\-post until only the tufted leaves were visible. Professor Sprout dusted off her hands, gave them all the thumbs-up, and removed her own earmuffs.\par
\ldblquote As our Mandrakes are only seedlings, their cries won\rquote t kill yet,\rdblquote  she said calmly as though she\rquote d just done nothing more exciting than water a begonia. \ldblquote However, they \i will\i0  knock you out for sev\-eral hours, and as I\rquote m sure none of you want to miss your first day back, make sure your earmuffs are securely in place while you work. I will attract your attention when it is time to pack up.\par
\ldblquote Four to a tray \emdash  there is a large supply of pots here \emdash  com\-post in the sacks over there \emdash  and be careful of the Venomous Tentacula, it\rquote s teething.\rdblquote\par
She gave a sharp slap to a spiky, dark red plant as she spoke, making it draw in the long feelers that had been inching sneakily over her shoulder.\par
Harry, Ron, and Hermione were joined at their tray by a curly-haired Hufflepuff boy Harry knew by sight but had never spoken to.\par
\ldblquote Justin Finch-Fletchley,\rdblquote  he said brightly, shaking Harry by the hand. \ldblquote Know who you are, of course, the famous Harry Potter. \'85 And you\rquote re Hermione Granger \emdash  always top in everything\rdblquote  (Hermione beamed as she had her hand shaken too) \ldblquote\emdash  and Ron Weasley. Wasn\rquote t that your flying car?\rdblquote\par
Ron didn\rquote t smile. The Howler was obviously still on his mind.\par
\ldblquote That Lockhart\rquote s something, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Justin happily as they began filling their plant pots with dragon dung compost. \ldblquote Awfully brave chap. Have you read his books? I\rquote d have died of fear if I\rquote d been cornered in a telephone booth by a werewolf, but he stayed cool and \emdash  zap \emdash  just \i fantastic.\i0\par
\ldblquote My name was down for Eton, you know. I can\rquote t tell you how glad I am I came here instead. Of course, Mother was slightly dis\-appointed, but since I made her read Lockhart\rquote s books I think she\rquote s begun to see how useful it\rquote ll be to have a fully trained wizard in the family. \'85\rdblquote\par
After that they didn\rquote t have much chance to talk. Their earmuffs were back on and they needed to concentrate on the Mandrakes. Professor Sprout had made it look extremely easy, but it wasn\rquote t. The Mandrakes didn\rquote t like coming out of the earth, but didn\rquote t seem to want to go back into it either. They squirmed, kicked, flailed their sharp little fists, and gnashed their teeth; Harry spent ten whole minutes trying to squash a particularly fat one into a pot.\par
By the end of the class, Harry, like everyone else, was sweaty, aching, and covered in earth. Everyone traipsed back to the castle for a quick wash and then the Gryffindors hurried off to Transfig\-uration.\par
Professor McGonagall\rquote s classes were always hard work, but today was especially difficult. Everything Harry had learned last year seemed to have leaked out of his head during the summer. He was supposed to be turning a beetle into a button, but all he managed to do was give his beetle a lot of exercise as it scuttled over the desk\-top avoiding his wand.\par
Ron was having far worse problems. He had patched up his wand with some borrowed Spellotape, but it seemed to be damaged beyond repair. It kept crackling and sparking at odd moments, and every time Ron tried to transfigure his beetle it engulfed him in thick gray smoke that smelled of rotten eggs. Unable to see what he was doing, Ron accidentally squashed his beetle with his el\-bow and had to ask for a new one. Professor McGonagall wasn\rquote t pleased.\par
Harry was relieved to hear the lunch bell. His brain felt like a wrung sponge. Everyone filed out of the classroom except him and Ron, who was whacking his wand furiously on the desk.\par
\ldblquote Stupid \emdash  useless \emdash  thing \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Write home for another one,\rdblquote  Harry suggested as the wand let off a volley of bangs like a firecracker.\par
\ldblquote Oh, yeah, and get another Howler back,\rdblquote  said Ron, stuffing the now hissing wand into his bag. \ldblquote  \lquote\i It\rquote s your own fault your wand got snapped\i0  \emdash\rquote  \rdblquote\par
They went down to lunch, where Ron\rquote s mood was not improved by Hermione\rquote s showing them the handful of perfect coat buttons she had produced in Transfiguration.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote ve we got this afternoon?\rdblquote  said Harry, hastily changing the subject.\par
\ldblquote Defense Against the Dark Arts,\rdblquote  said Hermione at once.\par
\ldblquote\i Why,\i0\rdblquote  demanded Ron, seizing her schedule, \ldblquote have you outlined all Lockhart\rquote s lessons in little hearts?\rdblquote\par
Hermione snatched the schedule back, blushing furiously.\par
They finished lunch and went outside into the overcast court\-yard. Hermione sat down on a stone step and buried her nose in \i Voyages with Vampires\i0  again. Harry and Ron stood talking about Quidditch for several minutes before Harry became aware that he was being closely watched. Looking up, he saw the very small, mousy-haired boy he\rquote d seen trying on the Sorting Hat last night staring at Harry as though transfixed. He was clutching what looked like an ordinary Muggle camera, and the moment Harry looked at him, he went bright red.\par
\ldblquote All right, Harry? I\rquote m \emdash  I\rquote m Colin Creevey,\rdblquote  he said breath\-lessly, taking a tentative step forward. \ldblquote I\rquote m in Gryffindor, too. D\rquote you think \emdash  would it be all right if \emdash  can I have a picture?\rdblquote  he said, raising the camera hopefully.\par
\ldblquote A picture?\rdblquote  Harry repeated blankly.\par
\ldblquote So I can prove I\rquote ve met you,\rdblquote  said Colin Creevey eagerly, edg\-ing further forward. \ldblquote I know all about you. Everyone\rquote s told me. About how you survived when You-Know-Who tried to kill you and how he disappeared and everything and how you\rquote ve still got a lightning scar on your forehead\rdblquote  (his eyes raked Harry\rquote s hairline) \ldblquote and a boy in my dormitory said if I develop the film in the right potion, the pictures\rquote ll \i move.\i0\rdblquote  Colin drew a great shuddering breath of excitement and said, \ldblquote It\rquote s \i amazing\i0  here, isn\rquote t it? I never knew all the odd stuff I could do was magic till I got the letter from Hog\-warts. My dad\rquote s a milkman, he couldn\rquote t believe it either. So I\rquote m tak\-ing loads of pictures to send home to him. And it\rquote d be really good if I had one of you\rdblquote  \emdash  he looked imploringly at Harry \emdash  \ldblquote maybe your friend could take it and I could stand next to you? And then, could you sign it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Signed photos\i0 ? You\rquote re giving out \i signed photos,\i0  Potter?\rdblquote\par
Loud and scathing, Draco Malfoy\rquote s voice echoed around the courtyard. He had stopped right behind Colin, flanked, as he al\-ways was at Hogwarts, by his large and thuggish cronies, Crabbe and Goyle.\par
\ldblquote Everyone line up!\rdblquote  Malfoy roared to the crowd. \ldblquote Harry Potter\rquote s giving out signed photos!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, I\rquote m not,\rdblquote  said Harry angrily, his fists clenching. \ldblquote Shut up, Malfoy.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re just jealous,\rdblquote  piped up Colin, whose entire body was about as thick as Crabbe\rquote s neck.\par
\ldblquote\i Jealous\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Malfoy, who didn\rquote t need to shout anymore: Half the courtyard was listening in. \ldblquote Of what? I don\rquote t want a foul scar right across my head, thanks. I don\rquote t think getting your head cut open makes you that special, myself.\rdblquote\par
Crabbe and Goyle were sniggering stupidly.\par
\ldblquote Eat slugs, Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Ron angrily. Crabbe stopped laughing and started rubbing his knuckles in a menacing way.\par
\ldblquote Be careful, Weasley,\rdblquote  sneered Malfoy. \ldblquote You don\rquote t want to start any trouble or your mommy\rquote ll have to come and take you away from school.\rdblquote  He put on a shrill, piercing voice. \ldblquote\i If you put another toe out of line\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
A knot of Slytherin fifth years nearby laughed loudly at this.\par
\ldblquote Weasley would like a signed photo, Potter,\rdblquote  smirked Malfoy. \ldblquote It\rquote d be worth more than his family\rquote s whole house \emdash\rdblquote\par
Ron whipped out his Spellotaped wand, but Hermione shut \i Voyages with Vampires\i0  with a snap and whispered, \ldblquote Look out!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s all this, what\rquote s all this?\rdblquote  Gilderoy Lockhart was striding toward them, his turquoise robes swirling behind him. \ldblquote Who\rquote s giv\-ing out signed photos?\rdblquote\par
Harry started to speak but he was cut short as Lockhart flung an arm around his shoulders and thundered jovially, \ldblquote Shouldn\rquote t have asked! We meet again, Harry!\rdblquote\par
Pinned to Lockhart\rquote s side and burning with humiliation, Harry saw Malfoy slide smirking back into the crowd.\par
\ldblquote Come on then, Mr. Creevey,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, beaming at Colin. \ldblquote A double portrait, can\rquote t do better than that, and we\rquote ll \i both\i0  sign it for you.\rdblquote\par
Colin fumbled for his camera and took the picture as the bell rang behind them, signaling the start of afternoon classes.\par
\ldblquote Off you go, move along there,\rdblquote  Lockhart called to the crowd, and he set off back to the castle with Harry, who was wishing he knew a good Vanishing Spell, still clasped to his side.\par
\ldblquote A word to the wise, Harry,\rdblquote  said Lockhart paternally as they entered the building through a side door. \ldblquote I covered up for you back there with young Creevey \emdash  if he was photographing me, too, your schoolmates won\rquote t think you\rquote re setting yourself up so much. \'85\rdblquote\par
Deaf to Harry\rquote s stammers, Lockhart swept him down a corridor lined with staring students and up a staircase.\par
\ldblquote Let me just say that handing out signed pictures at this stage of your career isn\rquote t sensible \emdash  looks a tad bigheaded, Harry, to be frank. There may well come a time when, like me, you\rquote ll need to keep a stack handy wherever you go, but\rdblquote  \emdash  he gave a little chor\-tle \emdash  \ldblquote I don\rquote t think you\rquote re quite there yet.\rdblquote\par
They had reached Lockhart\rquote s classroom and he let Harry go at last. Harry yanked his robes straight and headed for a seat at the very back of the class, where he busied himself with piling all seven of Lockhart\rquote s books in front of him, so that he could avoid looking at the real thing.\par
The rest of the class came clattering in, and Ron and Hermione sat down on either side of Harry.\par
\ldblquote You could\rquote ve fried an egg on your face,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You\rquote d better hope Creevey doesn\rquote t meet Ginny, or they\rquote ll be starting a Harry Potter fan club.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shut up,\rdblquote  snapped Harry. The last thing he needed was for Lockhart to hear the phrase \ldblquote Harry Potter fan club.\rdblquote\par
When the whole class was seated, Lockhart cleared his throat loudly and silence fell. He reached forward, picked up Neville Longbottom\rquote s copy of \i Travels with Trolls,\i0  and held it up to show his own, winking portrait on the front.\par
\ldblquote Me,\rdblquote  he said, pointing at it and winking as well. \ldblquote Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, and five-time winner of \i Witch Weekly\rquote s \i0 Most-Charming-Smile Award \emdash  but I don\rquote t talk about that. I didn\rquote t get rid of the Bandon Banshee by \i smiling\i0  at her!\rdblquote\par
He waited for them to laugh; a few people smiled weakly.\par
\ldblquote I see you\rquote ve all bought a complete set of my books \emdash  well done. I thought we\rquote d start today with a little quiz. Nothing to worry about \emdash  just to check how well you\rquote ve read them, how much you\rquote ve taken in \emdash\rdblquote\par
When he had handed out the test papers he returned to the front of the class and said, \ldblquote You have thirty minutes \emdash  start \emdash  \i now\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Harry looked down at his paper and read:\par
\par
\i   1. What is Gilderoy Lockhart\rquote s favorite color\i0 ?\i\par
  2. What is Gilderoy Lockhart\rquote s secret ambition\i0 ?\i\par
  3. What, in your opinion, is Gilderoy Lockhart\rquote s\par
greatest achievement to date\i0 ?\par
\par
On and on it went, over three sides of paper, right down to:\i\par
\i0\par
\i 54. When is Gilderoy Lockhart\rquote s birthday, and what\par
would his ideal gift be\i0 ?\par
\par
Half an hour later, Lockhart collected the papers and rifled through them in front of the class.\par
\ldblquote Tut, tut \emdash  hardly any of you remembered that my favorite color is lilac. I say so in \i Year with the Yeti.\i0  And a few of you need to read \i Wanderings with Werewolves\i0  more carefully \emdash  I clearly state in chapter twelve that my ideal birthday gift would be harmony be\-tween all magic and non-magic peoples \emdash  though I wouldn\rquote t say no to a large bottle of Ogden\rquote s Old Firewhisky!\rdblquote\par
He gave them another roguish wink. Ron was now staring at Lockhart with an expression of disbelief on his face; Seamus Finni\-gan and Dean Thomas, who were sitting in front, were shaking with silent laughter. Hermione, on the other hand, was listening to Lockhart with rapt attention and gave a start when he mentioned her name.\par
\ldblquote\'85 but Miss Hermione Granger knew my secret ambition is to rid the world of evil and market my own range of hair-care po\-tions \emdash  good girl! In fact\rdblquote  \emdash  he flipped her paper over \emdash  \ldblquote full marks! Where is Miss Hermione Granger?\rdblquote\par
Hermione raised a trembling hand.\par
\ldblquote Excellent!\rdblquote  beamed Lockhart. \ldblquote Quite excellent! Take ten points for Gryffindor! And so \emdash  to business \emdash\rdblquote\par
He bent down behind his desk and lifted a large, covered cage onto it.\par
\ldblquote Now \emdash  be warned! It is my job to arm you against the foulest creatures known to wizardkind! You may find yourselves facing your worst fears in this room. Know only that no harm can befall you whilst I am here. All I ask is that you remain calm.\rdblquote\par
In spite of himself, Harry leaned around his pile of books for a better look at the cage. Lockhart placed a hand on the cover. Dean and Seamus had stopped laughing now. Neville was cowering in his front row seat.\par
\ldblquote I must ask you not to scream,\rdblquote  said Lockhart in a low voice. \ldblquote It might provoke them.\rdblquote\par
As the whole class held its breath, Lockhart whipped off the cover.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  he said dramatically. \ldblquote\i Freshly caught Cornish pixies.\i0\rdblquote\par
Seamus Finnigan couldn\rquote t control himself. He let out a snort of laughter that even Lockhart couldn\rquote t mistake for a scream of terror.\par
\ldblquote Yes?\rdblquote  He smiled at Seamus.\par
\ldblquote Well, they\rquote re not \emdash  they\rquote re not very \emdash  \i dangerous,\i0  are they?\rdblquote  Seamus choked.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be so sure!\rdblquote  said Lockhart, waggling a finger annoyingly at Seamus. \ldblquote Devilish tricky little blighters they can be!\rdblquote\par
The pixies were electric blue and about eight inches high, with pointed faces and voices so shrill it was like listening to a lot of budgies arguing. The moment the cover had been removed, they had started jabbering and rocketing around, rattling the bars and making bizarre faces at the people nearest them.\par
\ldblquote Right, then,\rdblquote  Lockhart said loudly. \ldblquote Let\rquote s see what you make of them!\rdblquote  And he opened the cage.\par
It was pandemonium. The pixies shot in every direction like rockets. Two of them seized Neville by the ears and lifted him into the air. Several shot straight through the window, showering the back row with broken glass. The rest proceeded to wreck the class\-room more effectively than a rampaging rhino. They grabbed ink bottles and sprayed the class with them, shredded books and pa\-pers, tore pictures from the walls, up-ended the waste basket, grabbed bags and books and threw them out of the smashed win\-dow; within minutes, half the class was sheltering under desks and Neville was swinging from the iron chandelier in the ceiling.\par
\ldblquote Come on now \emdash  round them up, round them up, they\rquote re only pixies,\rdblquote  Lockhart shouted.\par
He rolled up his sleeves, brandished his wand, and bellowed, \ldblquote\i Peskipiksi Pesternomi\i0 !\rdblquote\par
It had absolutely no effect; one of the pixies seized his wand and threw it out of the window, too. Lockhart gulped and dived under his own desk, narrowly avoiding being squashed by Neville, who fell a second later as the chandelier gave way.\par
The bell rang and there was a mad rush toward the exit. In the relative calm that followed, Lockhart straightened up, caught sight of Harry, Ron, and Hermione, who were almost at the door, and said, \ldblquote Well, I\rquote ll ask you three to just nip the rest of them back into their cage.\rdblquote  He swept past them and shut the door quickly behind him.\par
\ldblquote Can you \i believe\i0  him?\rdblquote  roared Ron as one of the remaining pix\-ies bit him painfully on the ear.\par
\ldblquote He just wants to give us some hands-on experience,\rdblquote  said Hermione, immobilizing two pixies at once with a clever Freezing Charm and stuffing them back into their cage.\par
\ldblquote\i Hands on\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry, who was trying to grab a pixie dancing out of reach with its tongue out. \ldblquote Hermione, he didn\rquote t have a clue what he was doing \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Rubbish,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote You\rquote ve read his books \emdash  look at all those amazing things he\rquote s done \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He \i says\i0  he\rquote s done,\rdblquote  Ron muttered.\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 7\par
Mudbloods and Murmurs \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033 Harry spent a lot of time over the next few days dodging out of sight whenever he saw Gilderoy Lockhart coming down a corridor. Harder to avoid was Colin Creevey, who seemed to have memorized Harry\rquote s schedule. Nothing seemed to give Colin a bigger thrill than to say, \ldblquote All right, Harry?\rdblquote  six or seven times a day and hear, \ldblquote Hello, Colin,\rdblquote  back, however exasperated Harry sounded when he said it.\par
\lang3081 Hedwig was still angry with Harry about the disasterous car journey and Ron\rquote s wand was still malfunctioning, surpassing itself on Friday morning by shooting out of Ron\rquote s hand in Charms and hitting tiny old Professor Flitwick squarely between the eyes, creat\-ing a large, throbbing green boil where it had struck. So with one thing and another, Harry was quite glad to reach the weekend. He, Ron, and Hermione were planning to visit Hagrid on Saturday morning. Harry, however, was shaken awake several hours earlier than he would have liked by Oliver Wood, Captain of the Gryf\-findor Quidditch team.\par
\ldblquote Whassamatter?\rdblquote  said Harry groggily.\par
\ldblquote Quidditch practice!\rdblquote  said Wood. \ldblquote Come on!\rdblquote\par
Harry squinted at the window. There was a thin mist hanging across the pink-and-gold sky. Now that he was awake, he couldn\rquote t understand how he could have slept through the racket the birds were making.\par
\ldblquote Oliver,\rdblquote  Harry croaked. \ldblquote It\rquote s the crack of dawn.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Exactly,\rdblquote  said Wood. He was a tall and burly sixth year and, at the moment, his eyes were gleaming with a crazed enthusiasm. \ldblquote It\rquote s part of our new training program. Come on, grab your broom, and let\rquote s go,\rdblquote  said Wood heartily. \ldblquote None of the other teams have started training yet; we\rquote re going to be first off the mark this year \emdash\rdblquote\par
Yawning and shivering slightly, Harry climbed out of bed and tried to find his Quidditch robes.\par
\ldblquote Good man,\rdblquote  said Wood. \ldblquote Meet you on the field in fifteen min\-utes.\rdblquote\par
When he\rquote d found his scarlet team robes and pulled on his cloak for warmth, Harry scribbled a note to Ron explaining where he\rquote d gone and went down the spiral staircase to the common room, his Nimbus Two Thousand on his shoulder. He had just reached the portrait hole when there was a clatter behind him and Colin Creevey came dashing down the spiral staircase, his camera swinging madly around his neck and something clutched in his hand.\par
\ldblquote I heard someone saying your name on the stairs, Harry! Look what I\rquote ve got here! I\rquote ve had it developed, I wanted to show you \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry looked bemusedly at the photograph Colin was brandish\-ing under his nose.\par
A moving, black-and-white Lockhart was tugging hard on an arm Harry recognized as his own. He was pleased to see that his photographic self was putting up a good fight and refusing to be dragged into view. As Harry watched, Lockhart gave up and slumped, panting, against the white edge of the picture.\par
\ldblquote Will you sign it?\rdblquote  said Colin eagerly.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry flatly, glancing around to check that the room was really deserted. \ldblquote Sorry, Colin, I\rquote m in a hurry \emdash  Quidditch practice \emdash\rdblquote\par
He climbed through the portrait hole.\par
\ldblquote Oh, wow! Wait for me! I\rquote ve never watched a Quidditch game before!\rdblquote\par
Colin scrambled through the hole after him.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote ll be really boring,\rdblquote  Harry said quickly, but Colin ignored him, his face shining with excitement.\par
\ldblquote You were the youngest House player in a hundred years, weren\rquote t you, Harry? Weren\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Colin, trotting alongside him. \ldblquote You must be brilliant. I\rquote ve never flown. Is it easy? Is that your own broom? Is that the best one there is?\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t know how to get rid of him. It was like having an extremely talkative shadow.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t really understand Quidditch,\rdblquote  said Colin breathlessly. \ldblquote Is it true there are four balls? And two of them fly around trying to knock people off their brooms?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry heavily, resigned to explaining the complicated rules of Quidditch. \ldblquote They\rquote re called Bludgers. There are two Beaters on each team who carry clubs to beat the Bludgers away from their side. Fred and George Weasley are the Gryffindor Beaters.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And what are the other balls for?\rdblquote  Colin asked, tripping down a couple of steps because he was gazing open-mouthed at Harry.\par
\ldblquote Well, the Quaffle \emdash  that\rquote s the biggish red one \emdash  is the one that scores goals. Three Chasers on each team throw the Quaffle to each other and try and get it through the goal posts at the end of the pitch \emdash  they\rquote re three long poles with hoops on the end.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And the fourth ball \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  is the Golden Snitch,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote and it\rquote s very small, very fast, and difficult to catch. But that\rquote s what the Seeker\rquote s got to do, because a game of Quidditch doesn\rquote t end until the Snitch has been caught. And whichever team\rquote s Seeker gets the Snitch earns his team an extra hundred and fifty points.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And \i you\rquote re\i0  the Gryffindor Seeker, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Colin in awe.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry as they left the castle and started across the dew-drenched grass. \ldblquote And there\rquote s the Keeper, too. He guards the goal posts. That\rquote s it, really.\rdblquote\par
But Colin didn\rquote t stop questioning Harry all the way down the sloping lawns to the Quidditch field, and Harry only shook him off when he reached the changing rooms; Colin called after him in a piping voice, \ldblquote I\rquote ll go and get a good seat, Harry!\rdblquote  and hurried off to the stands.\par
The rest of the Gryffindor team were already in the chang\-ing room. Wood was the only person who looked truly awake. Fred and George Weasley were sitting, puffy-eyed and tousle-haired, next to fourth year Alicia Spinnet, who seemed to be nod\-ding off against the wall behind her. Her fellow Chasers, Katie Bell and Angelina Johnson, were yawning side by side opposite them.\par
\ldblquote There you are, Harry, what kept you?\rdblquote  said Wood briskly. \ldblquote Now, I wanted a quick talk with you all before we actually get onto the field, because I spent the summer devising a whole new training program, which I really think will make all the differ\-ence. \'85\rdblquote\par
Wood was holding up a large diagram of a Quidditch field, on which were drawn many lines, arrows, and crosses in different-colored inks. He took out his wand, tapped the board, and the arrows began to wiggle over the diagram like caterpillars. As Wood launched into a speech about his new tactics, Fred Weasley\rquote s head drooped right onto Alicia Spinnet\rquote s shoulder and he began to snore.\par
The first board took nearly twenty minutes to explain, but there was another board under that, and a third under that one. Harry sank into a stupor as Wood droned on and on.\par
\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Wood, at long last, jerking Harry from a wistful fan\-tasy about what he could be eating for breakfast at this very mo\-ment up at the castle. \ldblquote Is that clear? Any questions?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve got a question, Oliver,\rdblquote  said George, who had woken with a start. \ldblquote Why couldn\rquote t you have told us all this yesterday when we were awake?\rdblquote\par
Wood wasn\rquote t pleased.\par
\ldblquote Now, listen here, you lot,\rdblquote  he said, glowering at them all. \ldblquote We should have won the Quidditch Cup last year. We\rquote re easily the best team. But unfortunately \emdash  owing to circumstances beyond our control \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry shifted guiltily in his seat. He had been unconscious in the hospital wing for the final match of the previous year, meaning that Gryffindor had been a player short and had suffered their worst defeat in three hundred years.\par
Wood took a moment to regain control of himself. Their last de\-feat was clearly still torturing him.\par
\ldblquote So this year, we train harder than ever before. \'85 Okay, let\rquote s go and put our new theories into practice!\rdblquote  Wood shouted, seizing his broomstick and leading the way out of the locker rooms. Stiff-legged and still yawning, his team followed.\par
They had been in the locker room so long that the sun was up completely now, although remnants of mist hung over the grass in the stadium. As Harry walked onto the field, he saw Ron and Her\-mione sitting in the stands.\par
\ldblquote Aren\rquote t you finished yet?\rdblquote  called Ron incredulously.\par
\ldblquote Haven\rquote t even started,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking jealously at the toast and marmalade Ron and Hermione had brought out of the Great Hall. \ldblquote Wood\rquote s been teaching us new moves.\rdblquote\par
He mounted his broomstick and kicked at the ground, soaring up into the air. The cool morning air whipped his face, waking him far more effectively than Wood\rquote s long talk. It felt wonderful to be back on the Quidditch field. He soared right around the stadium at full speed, racing Fred and George.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that funny clicking noise?\rdblquote  called Fred as they hurtled around the corner.\par
Harry looked into the stands. Colin was sitting in one of the highest seats, his camera raised, taking picture after picture, the sound strangely magnified in the deserted stadium.\par
\ldblquote Look this way, Harry! This way!\rdblquote  he cried shrilly.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s that?\rdblquote  said Fred.\par
\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  Harry lied, putting on a spurt of speed that took him as far away as possible from Colin.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote  said Wood, frowning, as he skimmed through the air toward them. \ldblquote Why\rquote s that first year taking pictures? I don\rquote t like it. He could be a Slytherin spy, trying to find out about our new training program.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s in Gryffindor,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\par
\ldblquote And the Slytherins don\rquote t need a spy, Oliver,\rdblquote  said George.\par
\ldblquote What makes you say that?\rdblquote  said Wood testily.\par
\ldblquote Because they\rquote re here in person,\rdblquote  said George, pointing.\par
Several people in green robes were walking onto the field, broomsticks in their hands.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe it!\rdblquote  Wood hissed in outrage. \ldblquote I booked the field for today! We\rquote ll see about this!\rdblquote\par
Wood shot toward the ground, landing rather harder than he meant to in his anger, staggering slightly as he dismounted. Harry, Fred, and George followed.\par
\ldblquote Flint!\rdblquote  Wood bellowed at the Slytherin Captain. \ldblquote This is our practice time! We got up specially! You can clear off now!\rdblquote\par
Marcus Flint was even larger than Wood. He had a look of troll\-ish cunning on his face as he replied, \ldblquote Plenty of room for all of us, Wood.\rdblquote\par
Angelina, Alicia, and Katie had come over, too. There were no girls on the Slytherin team, who stood shoulder to shoulder, facing the Gryffindors, leering to a man.\par
\ldblquote But I booked the field!\rdblquote  said Wood, positively spitting with rage. \ldblquote I booked it!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Flint. \ldblquote But I\rquote ve got a specially signed note here from Professor Snape. \lquote\i I, Professor S. Snape, give the Slytherin team per\-mission to practice today on the Quidditch field owing to the need to train their new Seeker.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve got a new Seeker?\rdblquote  said Wood, distracted. \ldblquote Where?\rdblquote\par
And from behind the six large figures before them came a sev\-enth, smaller boy, smirking all over his pale, pointed face. It was Draco Malfoy.\par
\ldblquote Aren\rquote t you Lucius Malfoy\rquote s son?\rdblquote  said Fred, looking at Malfoy with dislike.\par
\ldblquote Funny you should mention Draco\rquote s father,\rdblquote  said Flint as the whole Slytherin team smiled still more broadly. \ldblquote Let me show you the generous gift he\rquote s made to the Slytherin team.\rdblquote\par
All seven of them held out their broomsticks. Seven highly pol\-ished, brand-new handles and seven sets of fine gold lettering spelling the words \i Nimbus Two Thousand and One\i0  gleamed under the Gryffindors\rquote  noses in the early morning sun.\par
\ldblquote Very latest model. Only came out last month,\rdblquote  said Flint carelessly, flicking a speck of dust from the end of his own. \ldblquote I be\-lieve it outstrips the old Two Thousand series by a considerable amount. As for the old Cleansweeps\rdblquote  \emdash  he smiled nastily at Fred and George, who were both clutching Cleansweep Fives \emdash  \ldblquote sweeps the board with them.\rdblquote\par
None of the Gryffindor team could think of anything to say for a moment. Malfoy was smirking so broadly his cold eyes were re\-duced to slits.\par
\ldblquote Oh, look,\rdblquote  said Flint. \ldblquote A field invasion.\rdblquote\par
Ron and Hermione were crossing the grass to see what was go\-ing on.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s happening?\rdblquote  Ron asked Harry. \ldblquote Why aren\rquote t you play\-ing? And what\rquote s \i he\i0  doing here?\rdblquote\par
He was looking at Malfoy, taking in his Slytherin Quidditch robes.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m the new Slytherin Seeker, Weasley,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, smugly. \ldblquote Everyone\rquote s just been admiring the brooms my father\rquote s bought our team.\rdblquote\par
Ron gaped, openmouthed, at the seven superb broomsticks in front of him.\par
\ldblquote Good, aren\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Malfoy smoothly. \ldblquote But perhaps the Gryffindor team will be able to raise some gold and get new brooms, too. You could raffle off those Cleansweep Fives; I expect a museum would bid for them.\rdblquote\par
The Slytherin team howled with laughter.\par
\ldblquote At least no one on the Gryffindor team had to \i buy\i0  their way in,\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply. \ldblquote\i They\i0  got in on pure talent.\rdblquote\par
The smug look on Malfoy\rquote s face flickered.\par
\ldblquote No one asked your opinion, you filthy little Mudblood,\rdblquote  he spat.\par
Harry knew at once that Malfoy had said something really bad because there was an instant uproar at his words. Flint had to dive in front of Malfoy to stop Fred and George jumping on him, Ali\-cia shrieked, \ldblquote\i How dare you\i0 !\rdblquote , and Ron plunged his hand into his robes, pulled out his wand, yelling, \ldblquote You\rquote ll pay for that one, Mal\-foy!\rdblquote  and pointed it furiously under Flint\rquote s arm at Malfoy\rquote s face.\par
A loud bang echoed around the stadium and a jet of green light shot out of the wrong end of Ron\rquote s wand, hitting him in the stom\-ach and sending him reeling backward onto the grass.\par
\ldblquote Ron! Ron! Are you all right?\rdblquote  squealed Hermione.\par
Ron opened his mouth to speak, but no words came out. Instead he gave an almighty belch and several slugs dribbled out of his mouth onto his lap.\par
The Slytherin team were paralyzed with laughter. Flint was dou\-bled up, hanging onto his new broomstick for support. Malfoy was on all fours, banging the ground with his fist. The Gryffindors were gathered around Ron, who kept belching large, glistening slugs. Nobody seemed to want to touch him.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote d better get him to Hagrid\rquote s, it\rquote s nearest,\rdblquote  said Harry to Hermione, who nodded bravely, and the pair of them pulled Ron up by the arms.\par
\ldblquote What happened, Harry? What happened? Is he ill? But you can cure him, can\rquote t you?\rdblquote  Colin had run down from his seat and was now dancing alongside them as they left the field. Ron gave a huge heave and more slugs dribbled down his front.\par
\ldblquote Oooh,\rdblquote  said Colin, fascinated and raising his camera. \ldblquote Can you hold him still, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Get out of the way, Colin!\rdblquote  said Harry angrily. He and Her\-mione supported Ron out of the stadium and across the grounds toward the edge of the forest.\par
\ldblquote Nearly there, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione as the gamekeeper\rquote s cabin came into view. \ldblquote You\rquote ll be all right in a minute \emdash  almost there \emdash\rdblquote\par
They were within twenty feet of Hagrid\rquote s house when the front door opened, but it wasn\rquote t Hagrid who emerged. Gilderoy Lock\-hart, wearing robes of palest mauve today, came striding out.\par
\ldblquote Quick, behind here,\rdblquote  Harry hissed, dragging Ron behind a nearby bush. Hermione followed, somewhat reluctantly.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a simple matter if you know what you\rquote re doing!\rdblquote  Lockhart was saying loudly to Hagrid. \ldblquote If you need help, you know where I am! I\rquote ll let you have a copy of my book. I\rquote m surprised you haven\rquote t already got one \emdash  I\rquote ll sign one tonight and send it over. Well, good-bye!\rdblquote  And he strode away toward the castle.\par
Harry waited until Lockhart was out of sight, then pulled Ron out of the bush and up to Hagrid\rquote s front door. They knocked ur\-gently.\par
Hagrid appeared at once, looking very grumpy, but his expres\-sion brightened when he saw who it was.\par
\ldblquote Bin wonderin\rquote  when you\rquote d come ter see me \emdash  come in, come in \emdash  thought you mighta bin Professor Lockhart back again \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry and Hermione supported Ron over the threshold into the one-roomed cabin, which had an enormous bed in one corner, a fire crackling merrily in the other. Hagrid didn\rquote t seem perturbed by Ron\rquote s slug problem, which Harry hastily explained as he lowered Ron into a chair.\par
\ldblquote Better out than in,\rdblquote  he said cheerfully, plunking a large copper basin in front of him. \ldblquote Get \rquote em all up, Ron.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think there\rquote s anything to do except wait for it to stop,\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously, watching Ron bend over the basin. \ldblquote That\rquote s a difficult curse to work at the best of times, but with a bro\-ken wand \emdash\rdblquote\par
Hagrid was bustling around making them tea. His boarhound, Fang, was slobbering over Harry.\par
\ldblquote What did Lockhart want with you, Hagrid?\rdblquote  Harry asked, scratching Fang\rquote s ears.\par
\ldblquote Givin\rquote  me advice on gettin\rquote  kelpies out of a well,\rdblquote  growled Hagrid, moving a half-plucked rooster off his scrubbed table and setting down the teapot. \ldblquote Like I don\rquote  know. An\rquote  bangin\rquote  on about some banshee he banished. If one word of it was true, I\rquote ll eat my kettle.\rdblquote\par
It was most unlike Hagrid to criticize a Hogwarts teacher, and Harry looked at him in surprise. Hermione, however, said in a voice somewhat higher than usual, \ldblquote I think you\rquote re being a bit un\-fair. Professor Dumbledore obviously thought he was the best man for the job \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He was the \i on\rquote y\i0  man for the job,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, offering them a plate of treacle toffee, while Ron coughed squelchily into his basin. \ldblquote An\rquote  I mean the \i on\rquote y\i0  one. Gettin\rquote  very difficult ter find anyone fer the Dark Arts job. People aren\rquote t too keen ter take it on, see. They\rquote re startin\rquote  ter think it\rquote s jinxed. No one\rquote s lasted long fer a while now. So tell me,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, jerking his head at Ron. \ldblquote Who was he tryin\rquote  ter curse?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Malfoy called Hermione something \emdash  it must\rquote ve been really bad, because everyone went wild.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It \i was\i0  bad,\rdblquote  said Ron hoarsely, emerging over the tabletop look\-ing pale and sweaty. \ldblquote Malfoy called her \lquote Mudblood,\rquote  Hagrid \emdash\rdblquote\par
Ron dived out of sight again as a fresh wave of slugs made their appearance. Hagrid looked outraged.\par
\ldblquote He didn\rquote !\rdblquote  he growled at Hermione.\par
\ldblquote He did,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote But I don\rquote t know what it means. I could tell it was really rude, of course \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s about the most insulting thing he could think of,\rdblquote  gasped Ron, coming back up. \ldblquote Mudblood\rquote s a really foul name for someone who is Muggle-born \emdash  you know, non-magic parents. There are some wizards \emdash  like Malfoy\rquote s family \emdash  who think they\rquote re better than everyone else because they\rquote re what people call pure-blood.\rdblquote  He gave a small burp, and a single slug fell into his outstretched hand. He threw it into the basin and continued, \ldblquote I mean, the rest of us know it doesn\rquote t make any difference at all. Look at Neville Longbottom \emdash  he\rquote s pure-blood and he can hardly stand a caul\-dron the right way up.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote An\rquote  they haven\rquote t invented a spell our Hermione can\rquote  do,\rdblquote  said Hagrid proudly, making Hermione go a brilliant shade of magenta.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a disgusting thing to call someone,\rdblquote  said Ron, wiping his sweaty brow with a shaking hand. \ldblquote Dirty blood, see. Common blood. It\rquote s ridiculous. Most wizards these days are half-blood any\-way. If we hadn\rquote t married Muggles we\rquote d\rquote ve died out.\rdblquote\par
He retched and ducked out of sight again.\par
\ldblquote Well, I don\rquote  blame yeh fer tryin\rquote  ter curse him, Ron,\rdblquote  said Ha\-grid loudly over the thuds of more slugs hitting the basin. \ldblquote Bu\rquote  maybe it was a good thing yer wand backfired. \rquote Spect Lucius Mal\-foy would\rquote ve come marchin\rquote  up ter school if yeh\rquote d cursed his son. Least yer not in trouble.\rdblquote\par
Harry would have pointed out that trouble didn\rquote t come much worse than having slugs pouring out of your mouth, but he couldn\rquote t; Hagrid\rquote s treacle toffee had cemented his jaws together.\par
\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Hagrid abruptly as though struck by a sudden thought. \ldblquote Gotta bone ter pick with yeh. I\rquote ve heard you\rquote ve bin givin\rquote  out signed photos. How come I haven\rquote t got one?\rdblquote\par
Furious, Harry wrenched his teeth apart.\par
\ldblquote I have \i not\i0  been giving out signed photos,\rdblquote  he said hotly. \ldblquote If Lockhart\rquote s still spreading that around \emdash\rdblquote\par
But then he saw that Hagrid was laughing.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m on\rquote y jokin\rquote ,\rdblquote  he said, patting Harry genially on the back and sending him face first into the table. \ldblquote I knew yeh hadn\rquote t really. I told Lockhart yeh didn\rquote  need teh. Yer more famous than him with\-out tryin\rquote .\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Bet he didn\rquote t like that,\rdblquote  said Harry, sitting up and rubbing his chin.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote  think he did,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, his eyes twinkling. \ldblquote An\rquote  then I told him I\rquote d never read one o\rquote  his books an\rquote  he decided ter go. Treacle toffee, Ron?\rdblquote  he added as Ron reappeared.\par
\ldblquote No thanks,\rdblquote  said Ron weakly. \ldblquote Better not risk it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come an\rquote  see what I\rquote ve bin growin\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid as Harry and Hermione finished the last of their tea.\par
In the small vegetable patch behind Hagrid\rquote s house were a dozen of the largest pumpkins Harry had ever seen. Each was the size of a large boulder.\par
\ldblquote Gettin\rquote  on well, aren\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Hagrid happily. \ldblquote Fer the Hal\-loween feast \'85 should be big enough by then.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote ve you been feeding them?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Hagrid looked over his shoulder to check that they were alone.\par
\ldblquote Well, I\rquote ve bin givin\rquote  them \emdash  you know \emdash  a bit o\rquote  help \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry noticed Hagrid\rquote s flowery pink umbrella leaning against the back wall of the cabin. Harry had had reason to believe before now that this umbrella was not all it looked; in fact, he had the strong impression that Hagrid\rquote s old school wand was concealed in\-side it. Hagrid wasn\rquote t supposed to use magic. He had been expelled from Hogwarts in his third year, but Harry had never found out why \emdash  any mention of the matter and Hagrid would clear his throat loudly and become mysteriously deaf until the subject was changed.\par
\ldblquote An Engorgement Charm, I suppose?\rdblquote  said Hermione, halfway between disapproval and amusement. \ldblquote Well, you\rquote ve done a good job on them.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s what yer little sister said,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, nodding at Ron. \ldblquote Met her jus\rquote  yesterday.\rdblquote  Hagrid looked sideways at Harry, his beard twitching. \ldblquote Said she was jus\rquote  lookin\rquote  round the grounds, but I reckon she was hopin\rquote  she might run inter someone else at my house.\rdblquote  He winked at Harry. \ldblquote If yeh ask me, \i she\i0  wouldn\rquote  say no ter a signed \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, shut up,\rdblquote  said Harry. Ron snorted with laughter and the ground was sprayed with slugs.\par
\ldblquote Watch it!\rdblquote  Hagrid roared, pulling Ron away from his precious pumpkins.\par
It was nearly lunchtime and as Harry had only had one bit of treacle toffee since dawn, he was keen to go back to school to eat. They said good-bye to Hagrid and walked back up to the castle, Ron hiccoughing occasionally, but only bringing up two very small slugs.\par
They had barely set foot in the cool entrance hall when a voice rang out, \ldblquote There you are, Potter \emdash  Weasley.\rdblquote  Professor McGona\-gall was walking toward them, looking stern. \ldblquote You will both do your detentions this evening.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote re we doing, Professor?\rdblquote  said Ron, nervously suppressing a burp.\par
\ldblquote\i You\i0  will be polishing the silver in the trophy room with Mr. Filch,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote And no magic, Weasley \emdash  el\-bow grease.\rdblquote\par
Ron gulped. Argus Filch, the caretaker, was loathed by every stu\-dent in the school.\par
\ldblquote And you, Potter, will be helping Professor Lockhart answer his fan mail,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall.\par
\ldblquote Oh n \emdash  Professor, can\rquote t I go and do the trophy room, too?\rdblquote  said Harry desperately.\par
\ldblquote Certainly not,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, raising her eyebrows. \ldblquote Professor Lockhart requested you particularly. Eight o\rquote clock sharp, both of you.\rdblquote\par
Harry and Ron slouched into the Great Hall in states of deepest gloom, Hermione behind them, wearing a \i well-you-did-break-school-rules\i0  sort of expression. Harry didn\rquote t enjoy his shepherd\rquote s pie as much as he\rquote d thought. Both he and Ron felt they\rquote d got the worse deal.\par
\ldblquote Filch\rquote ll have me there all night,\rdblquote  said Ron heavily. \ldblquote No magic! There must be about a hundred cups in that room. I\rquote m no good at Muggle cleaning.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote d swap anytime,\rdblquote  said Harry hollowly. \ldblquote I\rquote ve had loads of prac\-tice with the Dursleys. Answering Lockhart\rquote s fan mail \'85 he\rquote ll be a nightmare. \'85\rdblquote\par
Saturday afternoon seemed to melt away, and in what seemed like no time, it was five minutes to eight, and Harry was dragging his feet along the second-floor corridor to Lockhart\rquote s office. He gritted his teeth and knocked.\par
The door flew open at once. Lockhart beamed down at him.\par
\ldblquote Ah, here\rquote s the scalawag!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Come in, Harry, come in \emdash\rdblquote\par
Shining brightly on the walls by the light of many candles were countless framed photographs of Lockhart. He had even signed a few of them. Another large pile lay on his desk.\par
\ldblquote You can address the envelopes!\rdblquote  Lockhart told Harry, as though this was a huge treat. \ldblquote This first one\rquote s to Gladys Gudgeon, bless her \emdash  huge fan of mine \emdash\rdblquote\par
The minutes snailed by. Harry let Lockhart\rquote s voice wash over him, occasionally saying, \ldblquote Mmm\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Right\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Yeah.\rdblquote  Now and then he caught a phrase like, \ldblquote Fame\rquote s a fickle friend, Harry,\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Celebrity is as celebrity does, remember that.\rdblquote\par
The candles burned lower and lower, making the light dance over the many moving faces of Lockhart watching him. Harry moved his aching hand over what felt like the thousandth enve\-lope, writing out Veronica Smethley\rquote s address. \i It must be nearly time to leave,\i0  Harry thought miserably, \i please let it be nearly time. \'85\i0\par
And then he heard something \emdash  something quite apart from the spitting of the dying candles and Lockhart\rquote s prattle about his fans.\par
It was a voice, a voice to chill the bone marrow, a voice of breath\-taking, ice-cold venom.\par
\ldblquote\i Come\i0  \'85 \i come to me. \'85\i0  \i Let me rip you. \'85 Let me tear you. \'85 Let me kill you. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry gave a huge jump and a large lilac blot appeared on Veronica Smethley\rquote s street.\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  he said loudly.\par
\ldblquote I know!\rdblquote  said Lockhart. \ldblquote Six solid months at the top of the best-seller list! Broke all records!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry frantically. \ldblquote That voice!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sorry?\rdblquote  said Lockhart, looking puzzled. \ldblquote What voice?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That \emdash  that voice that said \emdash  didn\rquote t you hear it?\rdblquote\par
Lockhart was looking at Harry in high astonishment.\par
\ldblquote What \i are\i0  you talking about, Harry? Perhaps you\rquote re getting a lit\-tle drowsy? Great Scott \emdash  look at the time! \ldblquote We\rquote ve been here nearly four hours! I\rquote d never have believed it \emdash  the time\rquote s flown, hasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t answer. He was straining his ears to hear the voice again, but there was no sound now except for Lockhart telling him he mustn\rquote t expect a treat like this every time he got detention. Feel\-ing dazed, Harry left.\par
It was so late that the Gryffindor common room was almost empty. Harry went straight up to the dormitory. Ron wasn\rquote t back yet. Harry pulled on his pajamas, got into bed, and waited. Half an hour later, Ron arrived, nursing his right arm and bringing a strong smell of polish into the darkened room.\par
\ldblquote My muscles have all seized up,\rdblquote  he groaned, sinking on his bed. \ldblquote Fourteen times he made me buff up that Quidditch Cup before he was satisfied. And then I had another slug attack all over a Special Award for Services to the School. Took ages to get the slime off. \'85 How was it with Lockhart?\rdblquote\par
Keeping his voice low so as not to wake Neville, Dean, and Sea\-mus, Harry told Ron exactly what he had heard.\par
\ldblquote And Lockhart said he couldn\rquote t hear it?\rdblquote  said Ron. Harry could see him frowning in the moonlight. \ldblquote D\rquote you think he was lying? But I don\rquote t get it \emdash  even someone invisible would\rquote ve had to open the door.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Harry, lying back in his four-poster and staring at the canopy above him. \ldblquote I don\rquote t get it either.\rdblquote\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 8\par
The Deathday Party\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033 October arrived, spreading a damp chill over the grounds and into the castle. Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was kept busy by a sudden spate of colds among the staff and students. Her Pepperup Potion worked instantly, though it left the drinker smok\-ing at the ears for several hours afterward. Ginny Weasley, who had been looking pale, was bullied into taking some by Percy. The steam pouring from under her vivid hair gave the impression that her whole head was on fire.\par
\lang3081 Raindrops the size of bullets thundered on the castle windows for days on end; the lake rose, the flower beds turned into muddy streams, and Hagrid\rquote s pumpkins swelled to the size of garden sheds. Oliver Wood\rquote s enthusiasm for regular training sessions, however, was not dampened, which was why Harry was to be found, late one stormy Saturday afternoon a few days before Halloween, returning to Gryffindor Tower, drenched to the skin and splattered with mud. Even aside from the rain and wind it hadn\rquote t been a happy prac\-tice session. Fred and George, who had been spying on the Slyth\-erin team, had seen for themselves the speed of those new Nimbus Two Thousand and Ones. They reported that the Slytherin team was no more than seven greenish blurs, shooting through the air like missiles.\par
As Harry squelched along the deserted corridor he came across somebody who looked just as preoccupied as he was. Nearly Head\-less Nick, the ghost of Gryffindor Tower, was staring morosely out of a window, muttering under his breath, \ldblquote\'85 don\rquote t fulfill their re\-quirements \'85 half an inch, if that \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hello, Nick,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Hello, hello,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick, starting and looking round. He wore a dashing, plumed hat on his long curly hair, and a tunic with a ruff, which concealed the fact that his neck was al\-most completely severed. He was pale as smoke, and Harry could see right through him to the dark sky and torrential rain outside.\par
\ldblquote You look troubled, young Potter,\rdblquote  said Nick, folding a trans\-parent letter as he spoke and tucking it inside his doublet.\par
\ldblquote So do you,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  Nearly Headless Nick waved an elegant hand, \ldblquote a matter of no importance. \'85 It\rquote s not as though I really wanted to join. \'85 Thought I\rquote d apply, but apparently I \lquote don\rquote t fulfill requirements\rquote  \emdash\rdblquote\par
In spite of his airy tone, there was a look of great bitterness on his face.\par
\ldblquote But you would think, wouldn\rquote t you,\rdblquote  he erupted suddenly, pulling the letter back out of his pocket, \ldblquote that getting hit forty-five times in the neck with a blunt axe would qualify you to join the Headless Hunt?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh \emdash  yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, who was obviously supposed to agree.\par
\ldblquote I mean, nobody wishes more than I do that it had all been quick and clean, and my head had come off properly, I mean, it would have saved me a great deal of pain and ridicule. However \emdash\rdblquote  Nearly Headless Nick shook his letter open and read furiously:\par
\par
\ldblquote  \lquote\i We can only accept huntsmen whose heads have parted company with their bodies. You will appreciate that it would be impossible otherwise for members to participate in hunt activities such as Horseback Head-Juggling and Head Polo. It is with the greatest regret, therefore, that I must inform you that you do not ful\-fill our requirements. With very best wishes, Sir Patrick Delaney-Podmore\i0 .\rquote  \rdblquote\par
\par
Fuming, Nearly Headless Nick stuffed the letter away.\par
\ldblquote Half an inch of skin and sinew holding my neck on, Harry! Most people would think that\rquote s good and beheaded, but oh, no, it\rquote s not enough for Sir Properly Decapitated-Podmore.\rdblquote\par
Nearly Headless Nick took several deep breaths and then said, in a far calmer tone, \ldblquote So \emdash  what\rquote s bothering you? Anything I can do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Not unless you know where we can get seven free Nimbus Two Thousand and Ones for our match against Sly \emdash\rdblquote\par
The rest of Harry\rquote s sentence was drowned out by a high-pitched mewling from somewhere near his ankles. He looked down and found himself gazing into a pair of lamp-like yellow eyes. It was Mrs. Norris, the skeletal gray cat who was used by the caretaker, Ar\-gus Filch, as a sort of deputy in his endless battle against students.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d better get out of here, Harry,\rdblquote  said Nick quickly. \ldblquote Filch isn\rquote t in a good mood \emdash  he\rquote s got the flu and some third years acci\-dentally plastered frog brains all over the ceiling in dungeon five. He\rquote s been cleaning all morning, and if he sees you dripping mud all over the place \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry, backing away from the accusing stare of Mrs. Norris, but not quickly enough. Drawn to the spot by the mysteri\-ous power that seemed to connect him with his foul cat, Argus Filch burst suddenly through a tapestry to Harry\rquote s right, wheezing and looking wildly about for the rule-breaker. There was a thick tartan scarf bound around his head, and his nose was unusually purple.\par
\ldblquote Filth!\rdblquote  he shouted, his jowls aquiver, his eyes popping alarm\-ingly as he pointed at the muddy puddle that had dripped from Harry\rquote s Quidditch robes. \ldblquote Mess and muck everywhere! I\rquote ve had enough of it, I tell you! Follow me, Potter!\rdblquote\par
So Harry waved a gloomy good-bye to Nearly Headless Nick and followed Filch back downstairs, doubling the number of muddy footprints on the floor.\par
Harry had never been inside Filch\rquote s office before; it was a place most students avoided. The room was dingy and windowless, lit by a single oil lamp dangling from the low ceiling. A faint smell of fried fish lingered about the place. Wooden filing cabinets stood around the walls; from their labels, Harry could see that they contained de\-tails of every pupil Filch had ever punished. Fred and George Weasley had an entire drawer to themselves. A highly polished col\-lection of chains and manacles hung on the wall behind Filch\rquote s desk. It was common knowledge that he was always begging Dumbledore to let him suspend students by their ankles from the ceiling.\par
Filch grabbed a quill from a pot on his desk and began shuffling around looking for parchment.\par
\ldblquote Dung,\rdblquote  he muttered furiously, \ldblquote great sizzling dragon bogies \'85 frog brains \'85 rat intestines \'85 I\rquote ve had enough of it \'85 make an \i example\i0  \'85 where\rquote s the form \'85 yes \'85\rdblquote\par
He retrieved a large roll of parchment from his desk drawer and stretched it out in front of him, dipping his long black quill into the ink pot.\par
\ldblquote\i Name\i0  \'85 Harry Potter. \i Crime\i0  \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It was only a bit of mud!\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s only a bit of mud to you, boy, but to me it\rquote s an extra hour scrubbing!\rdblquote  shouted Filch, a drip shivering unpleasantly at the end of his bulbous nose. \ldblquote\i Crime\i0  \'85 befouling the castle \'85 \i suggested sentence\i0  \'85\rdblquote\par
Dabbing at his streaming nose, Filch squinted unpleasantly at Harry, who waited with bated breath for his sentence to fall.\par
But as Filch lowered his quill, there was a great BANG! on the ceiling of the office, which made the oil lamp rattle.\par
\ldblquote PEEVES!\rdblquote  Filch roared, flinging down his quill in a transport of rage. \ldblquote I\rquote ll have you this time, I\rquote ll have you!\rdblquote\par
And without a backward glance at Harry, Filch ran flat-footed from the office, Mrs. Norris streaking alongside him.\par
Peeves was the school poltergeist, a grinning, airborne menace who lived to cause havoc and distress. Harry didn\rquote t much like Peeves, but couldn\rquote t help feeling grateful for his timing. Hope\-fully, whatever Peeves had done (and it sounded as though he\rquote d wrecked something very big this time) would distract Filch from Harry.\par
Thinking that he should probably wait for Filch to come back, Harry sank into a moth-eaten chair next to the desk. There was only one thing on it apart from his half-completed form: a large, glossy, purple envelope with silver lettering on the front. With a quick glance at the door to check that Filch wasn\rquote t on his way back, Harry picked up the envelope and read:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\i KWIKSPELL\par
\b0 A Correspondence Course in Beginners\rquote  Magic\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
Intrigued, Harry flicked the envelope open and pulled out the sheaf of parchment inside. More curly silver writing on the front page said:\par
\par
Feel out of step in the world of modern magic? Find yourself making excuses not to perform simple spells? Ever been taunted for your woe\-ful wandwork?\par
There is an answer!\par
\par
Kwikspell is an all-new, fail-safe, quick-result, easy-learn course. Hundreds of witches and wizards have benefited from the Kwikspell method!\par
\par
Madam Z. Nettles of Topsham writes:\par
\ldblquote I had no memory for incantations and my potions were a family joke! Now, after a Kwikspell course, I am the center of attention at parties and friends beg for the recipe of my Scintillation Solution!\rdblquote\par
\par
Warlock D. J. Prod of Didsbury says:\par
\ldblquote My wife used to sneer at my feeble charms, but one month into your fabulous Kwikspell course and I succeeded in turning her into a yak!\par
Thank you, Kwikspell!\rdblquote\par
\i0\par
Fascinated, Harry thumbed through the rest of the envelope\rquote s contents. Why on earth did Filch want a Kwikspell course? Did this mean he wasn\rquote t a proper wizard? Harry was just reading \ldblquote Les\-son One: Holding Your Wand (Some Useful Tips)\rdblquote  when shuffling footsteps outside told him Filch was coming back. Stuffing the parchment back into the envelope, Harry threw it back onto the desk just as the door opened.\par
Filch was looking triumphant.\par
\ldblquote That vanishing cabinet was extremely valuable!\rdblquote  he was saying gleefully to Mrs. Norris. \ldblquote We\rquote ll have Peeves out this time, my sweet \emdash\rdblquote\par
His eyes fell on Harry and then darted to the Kwikspell enve\-lope, which, Harry realized too late, was lying two feet away from where it had started.\par
Filch\rquote s pasty face went brick red. Harry braced himself for a tidal wave of fury. Filch hobbled across to his desk, snatched up the en\-velope, and threw it into a drawer.\par
\ldblquote Have you \emdash  did you read \emdash  ?\rdblquote  he sputtered.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Harry lied quickly.\par
Filch\rquote s knobbly hands were twisting together.\par
\ldblquote If I thought you\rquote d read my private \emdash  not that it\rquote s mine \emdash  for a friend \emdash  be that as it may \emdash  however \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry was staring at him, alarmed; Filch had never looked mad\-der. His eyes were popping, a tic was going in one of his pouchy cheeks, and the tartan scarf didn\rquote t help.\par
\ldblquote Very well \emdash  go \emdash  and don\rquote t breathe a word \emdash  not that \emdash  however, if you didn\rquote t read \emdash  go now, I have to write up Peeves\rquote  re\-port \emdash  go \emdash\rdblquote\par
Amazed at his luck, Harry sped out of the office, up the corridor, and back upstairs. To escape from Filch\rquote s office without punish\-ment was probably some kind of school record.\par
\ldblquote Harry! Harry! Did it work?\rdblquote\par
Nearly Headless Nick came gliding out of a classroom. Behind him, Harry could see the wreckage of a large black-and-gold cabi\-net that appeared to have been dropped from a great height.\par
\ldblquote I persuaded Peeves to crash it right over Filch\rquote s office,\rdblquote  said Nick eagerly. \ldblquote Thought it might distract him \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Was that you?\rdblquote  said Harry gratefully. \ldblquote Yeah, it worked, I didn\rquote t even get detention. Thanks, Nick!\rdblquote\par
They set off up the corridor together. Nearly Headless Nick, Harry noticed, was still holding Sir Patrick\rquote s rejection letter.\par
\ldblquote I wish there was something I could do for you about the Head\-less Hunt,\rdblquote  Harry said.\par
Nearly Headless Nick stopped in his tracks and Harry walked right through him. He wished he hadn\rquote t; it was like stepping through an icy shower.\par
\ldblquote But there \i is\i0  something you could do for me,\rdblquote  said Nick ex\-citedly. \ldblquote Harry \emdash  would I be asking too much \emdash  but no, you wouldn\rquote t want \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Well, this Halloween will be my five hundredth deathday,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick, drawing himself up and looking dignified.\par
\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Harry, not sure whether he should look sorry or happy about this. \ldblquote Right.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m holding a party down in one of the roomier dungeons. Friends will be coming from all over the country. It would be such an \i honor\i0  if you would attend. Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger would be most welcome, too, of course \emdash  but I daresay you\rquote d rather go to the school feast?\rdblquote  He watched Harry on tenterhooks.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, \ldblquote I\rquote ll come \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My dear boy! Harry Potter, at my deathday party! And\rdblquote  \emdash  he hesitated, looking excited \emdash  \ldblquote do you think you could \i possibly \i0 mention to Sir Patrick how \i very\i0  frightening and impressive you find me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of \emdash  of course,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Nearly Headless Nick beamed at him.\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A deathday party?\rdblquote  said Hermione keenly when Harry had changed at last and joined her and Ron in the common room. \ldblquote I bet there aren\rquote t many living people who can say they\rquote ve been to one of those \emdash  it\rquote ll be fascinating!\rdblquote\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Why would anyone want to celebrate the day they died?\rdblquote  said Ron, who was halfway through his Potions homework and grumpy. \ldblquote Sounds dead depressing to me. \'85\rdblquote\par
Rain was still lashing the windows, which were now inky black, but inside all looked bright and cheerful. The firelight glowed over the countless squashy armchairs where people sat reading, talking, doing homework or, in the case of Fred and George Weasley, trying to find out what would happen if you fed a Filibuster firework to a salamander. Fred had \ldblquote rescued\rdblquote  the brilliant orange, fire-dwelling lizard from a Care of Magical Creatures class and it was now smoldering gently on a table surrounded by a knot of curious people.\par
Harry was at the point of telling Ron and Hermione about Filch and the Kwikspell course when the salamander suddenly whizzed into the air, emitting loud sparks and bangs as it whirled wildly round the room. The sight of Percy bellowing himself hoarse at Fred and George, the spectacular display of tangerine stars shower\-ing from the salamander\rquote s mouth, and its escape into the fire, with accompanying explosions, drove both Filch and the Kwikspell en\-velope from Harry\rquote s mind.\par
\par
\lang1033 By the time Halloween arrived, Harry was regretting his rash promise to go to the deathday party. The rest of the school was happily anticipating their Halloween feast; the Great Hall had been decorated with the usual live bats, Hagrid\rquote s vast pumpkins had been carved into lanterns large enough for three men to sit in, and there were rumors that Dumbledore had booked a troupe of danc\-ing skeletons for the entertainment.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote A promise is a promise,\rdblquote  Hermione reminded Harry bossily. \ldblquote You \i said\i0  you\rquote d go to the deathday party.\rdblquote\par
So at seven o\rquote clock, Harry, Ron, and Hermione walked straight past the doorway to the packed Great Hall, which was glittering invitingly with gold plates and candles, and directed their steps in\-stead toward the dungeons.\par
The passageway leading to Nearly Headless Nick\rquote s party had been lined with candles, too, though the effect was far from cheer\-ful: These were long, thin, jet-black tapers, all burning bright blue, casting a dim, ghostly light even over their own living faces. The temperature dropped with every step they took. As Harry shivered and drew his robes tightly around him, he heard what sounded like a thousand fingernails scraping an enormous blackboard.\par
\ldblquote Is that supposed to be \i music\i0 ?\rdblquote  Ron whispered. They turned a corner and saw Nearly Headless Nick standing at a doorway hung with black velvet drapes.\par
\ldblquote My dear friends,\rdblquote  he said mournfully. \ldblquote Welcome, welcome \'85 so pleased you could come. \'85\rdblquote\par
He swept off his plumed hat and bowed them inside.\par
It was an incredible sight. The dungeon was full of hundreds of pearly-white, translucent people, mostly drifting around a crowded dance floor, waltzing to the dreadful, quavering sound of thirty musical saws, played by an orchestra on a raised, black-draped plat\-form. A chandelier overhead blazed midnight-blue with a thou\-sand more black candles. Their breath rose in a mist before them; it was like stepping into a freezer.\par
\ldblquote Shall we have a look around?\rdblquote  Harry suggested, wanting to warm up his feet.\par
\ldblquote Careful not to walk through anyone,\rdblquote  said Ron nervously, and they set off around the edge of the dance floor. They passed a group of gloomy nuns, a ragged man wearing chains, and the Fat Friar, a cheerful Hufflepuff ghost, who was talking to a knight with an arrow sticking out of his forehead. Harry wasn\rquote t surprised to see that the Bloody Baron, a gaunt, staring Slytherin ghost covered in silver bloodstains, was being given a wide berth by the other ghosts.\par
\ldblquote Oh, no,\rdblquote  said Hermione, stopping abruptly. \ldblquote Turn back, turn back, I don\rquote t want to talk to Moaning Myrtle \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who?\rdblquote  said Harry as they backtracked quickly.\par
\ldblquote She haunts one of the toilets in the girls\rquote  bathroom on the first floor,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote She haunts a \i toilet\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yes. It\rquote s been out-of-order all year because she keeps having tantrums and flooding the place. I never went in there anyway if I could avoid it; it\rquote s awful trying to have a pee with her wailing at you \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Look, food!\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
On the other side of the dungeon was a long table, also covered in black velvet. They approached it eagerly but next moment had stopped in their tracks, horrified. The smell was quite disgusting. Large, rotten fish were laid on handsome silver platters; cakes, burned charcoal-black, were heaped on salvers; there was a great maggoty haggis, a slab of cheese covered in furry green mold and, in pride of place, an enormous gray cake in the shape of a tomb\-stone, with tar-like icing forming the words,\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc SIR NICHOLAS DE MIMSY-PORPINGTON\par
DIED 31ST OCTOBER, 1492\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
Harry watched, amazed, as a portly ghost approached the table, crouched low, and walked through it, his mouth held wide so that it passed through one of the stinking salmon.\par
\ldblquote Can you taste it if you walk through it?\rdblquote  Harry asked him.\par
\ldblquote Almost,\rdblquote  said the ghost sadly, and he drifted away.\par
\ldblquote I expect they\rquote ve let it rot to give it a stronger flavor,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione knowledgeably, pinching her nose and leaning closer to look at the putrid haggis.\par
\ldblquote Can we move? I feel sick,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
They had barely turned around, however, when a little man swooped suddenly from under the table and came to a halt in midair before them.\par
\ldblquote Hello, Peeves,\rdblquote  said Harry cautiously.\par
Unlike the ghosts around them, Peeves the Poltergeist was the very reverse of pale and transparent. He was wearing a bright or\-ange party hat, a revolving bow tie, and a broad grin on his wide, wicked face.\par
\ldblquote Nibbles?\rdblquote  he said sweetly, offering them a bowl of peanuts cov\-ered in fungus.\par
\ldblquote No thanks,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Heard you talking about poor Myrtle,\rdblquote  said Peeves, his eyes dancing. \ldblquote\i Rude\i0  you was about poor Myrtle.\rdblquote  He took a deep breath and bellowed, \ldblquote OY! MYRTLE!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, no, Peeves, don\rquote t tell her what I said, she\rquote ll be really upset,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered frantically. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean it, I don\rquote t mind her \emdash  er, hello, Myrtle.\rdblquote\par
The squat ghost of a girl had glided over. She had the glummest face Harry had ever seen, half-hidden behind lank hair and thick, pearly spectacles.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  she said sulkily.\par
\ldblquote How are you, Myrtle?\rdblquote  said Hermione in a falsely bright voice. \ldblquote It\rquote s nice to see you out of the toilet.\rdblquote\par
Myrtle sniffed.\par
\ldblquote Miss Granger was just talking about you \emdash\rdblquote  said Peeves slyly in Myrtle\rquote s ear.\par
\ldblquote Just saying \emdash  saying \emdash  how nice you look tonight,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione, glaring at Peeves.\par
Myrtle eyed Hermione suspiciously.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re making fun of me,\rdblquote  she said, silver tears welling rapidly in her small, see-through eyes.\par
\ldblquote No \emdash  honestly \emdash  didn\rquote t I just say how nice Myrtle\rquote s looking?\rdblquote  said Hermione, nudging Harry and Ron painfully in the ribs.\par
\ldblquote Oh, yeah \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She did \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t lie to me,\rdblquote  Myrtle gasped, tears now flooding down her face, while Peeves chuckled happily over her shoulder. \ldblquote D\rquote you think I don\rquote t know what people call me behind my back? Fat Myr\-tle! Ugly Myrtle! Miserable, moaning, moping Myrtle!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve forgotten pimply,\rdblquote  Peeves hissed in her ear.\par
Moaning Myrtle burst into anguished sobs and fled from the dungeon. Peeves shot after her, pelting her with moldy peanuts, yelling, \ldblquote\i Pimply\i0 ! \i Pimply\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, dear,\rdblquote  said Hermione sadly.\par
Nearly Headless Nick now drifted toward them through the crowd.\par
\ldblquote Enjoying yourselves?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, yes,\rdblquote  they lied.\par
\ldblquote Not a bad turnout,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick proudly. \ldblquote The Wailing Widow came all the way up from Kent. \'85 It\rquote s nearly time for my speech, I\rquote d better go and warn the orchestra. \'85\rdblquote\par
The orchestra, however, stopped playing at that very moment. They, and everyone else in the dungeon, fell silent, looking around in excitement, as a hunting horn sounded.\par
\ldblquote Oh, here we go,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick bitterly.\par
Through the dungeon wall burst a dozen ghost horses, each ridden by a headless horseman. The assembly clapped wildly; Harry started to clap, too, but stopped quickly at the sight of Nick\rquote s face.\par
The horses galloped into the middle of the dance floor and halted, rearing and plunging. At the front of the pack was a large ghost who held his bearded head under his arm, from which posi\-tion he was blowing the horn. The ghost leapt down, lifted his head high in the air so he could see over the crowd (everyone laughed), and strode over to Nearly Headless Nick, squashing his head back onto his neck.\par
\ldblquote Nick!\rdblquote  he roared. \ldblquote How are you? Head still hanging in there?\rdblquote\par
He gave a hearty guffaw and clapped Nearly Headless Nick on the shoulder.\par
\ldblquote Welcome, Patrick,\rdblquote  said Nick stiffly.\par
\ldblquote Live \rquote uns!\rdblquote  said Sir Patrick, spotting Harry, Ron, and Hermione and giving a huge, fake jump of astonishment, so that his head fell off again (the crowd howled with laughter).\par
\ldblquote Very amusing,\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick darkly.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t mind Nick!\rdblquote  shouted Sir Patrick\rquote s head from the floor. \ldblquote Still upset we won\rquote t let him join the Hunt! But I mean to say \emdash  look at the fellow \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think,\rdblquote  said Harry hurriedly, at a meaningful look from Nick, \ldblquote Nick\rquote s very \emdash  frightening and \emdash  er \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ha!\rdblquote  yelled Sir Patrick\rquote s head. \ldblquote Bet he asked you to say that!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If I could have everyone\rquote s attention, it\rquote s time for my speech!\rdblquote  said Nearly Headless Nick loudly, striding toward the podium and climbing into an icy blue spotlight.\par
\ldblquote My late lamented lords, ladies, and gentlemen, it is my great sorrow \'85\rdblquote\par
But nobody heard much more. Sir Patrick and the rest of the Headless Hunt had just started a game of Head Hockey and the crowd were turning to watch. Nearly Headless Nick tried vainly to recapture his audience, but gave up as Sir Patrick\rquote s head went sail\-ing past him to loud cheers.\par
Harry was very cold by now, not to mention hungry.\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t stand much more of this,\rdblquote  Ron muttered, his teeth chat\-tering, as the orchestra ground back into action and the ghosts swept back onto the dance floor.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s go,\rdblquote  Harry agreed.\par
They backed toward the door, nodding and beaming at anyone who looked at them, and a minute later were hurrying back up the passageway full of black candles.\par
\ldblquote Pudding might not be finished yet,\rdblquote  said Ron hopefully, lead\-ing the way toward the steps to the entrance hall.\par
And then Harry heard it.\par
\ldblquote\'85 \i rip\i0  \'85 \i tear\i0  \'85 \i kill\i0  \'85\rdblquote\par
It was the same voice, the same cold, murderous voice he had heard in Lockhart\rquote s office.\par
He stumbled to a halt, clutching at the stone wall, listening with all his might, looking around, squinting up and down the dimly lit passageway.\par
\ldblquote Harry, what\rquote re you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s that voice again \emdash  shut up a minute \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\'85 \i soo hungry\i0  \'85 \i for so long\i0  \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Listen!\rdblquote  said Harry urgently, and Ron and Hermione froze, watching him.\par
\ldblquote\'85 \i kill\i0  \'85 \i time to kill\i0  \'85\rdblquote\par
The voice was growing fainter. Harry was sure it was moving away \emdash  moving upward. A mixture of fear and excitement gripped him as he stared at the dark ceiling; how could it be moving up\-ward? Was it a phantom, to whom stone ceilings didn\rquote t matter?\par
\ldblquote This way,\rdblquote  he shouted, and he began to run, up the stairs, into the entrance hall. It was no good hoping to hear anything here, the babble of talk from the Halloween feast was echoing out of the Great Hall. Harry sprinted up the marble staircase to the first floor, Ron and Hermione clattering behind him.\par
\ldblquote Harry, what\rquote re we \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote SHH!\rdblquote\par
Harry strained his ears. Distantly, from the floor above, and growing fainter still, he heard the voice: \ldblquote\'85 \i I smell blood. \'85\i0  \i I SMELL BLOOD\i0 !\rdblquote\par
His stomach lurched \emdash\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s going to kill someone!\rdblquote  he shouted, and ignoring Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s bewildered faces, he ran up the next flight of steps three at a time, trying to listen over his own pounding footsteps \emdash\par
Harry hurtled around the whole of the second floor, Ron and Hermione panting behind him, not stopping until they turned a corner into the last, deserted passage.\par
\ldblquote Harry, \i what\i0  was that all about?\rdblquote  said Ron, wiping sweat off his face. \ldblquote I couldn\rquote t hear anything. \'85\rdblquote\par
But Hermione gave a sudden gasp, pointing down the corridor.\par
\ldblquote\i Look\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Something was shining on the wall ahead. They approached slowly, squinting through the darkness. Foot-high words had been daubed on the wall between two windows, shimmering in the light cast by the flaming torches.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS HAS BEEN\par
OPENED. ENEMIES OF THE HEIR, BEWARE.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that thing \emdash  hanging underneath?\rdblquote  said Ron, a slight quiver in his voice.\par
As they edged nearer, Harry almost slipped \emdash  there was a large puddle of water on the floor; Ron and Hermione grabbed him, and they inched toward the message, eyes fixed on a dark shadow be\-neath it. All three of them realized what it was at once, and leapt backward with a splash.\par
Mrs. Norris, the caretaker\rquote s cat, was hanging by her tail from the torch bracket. She was stiff as a board, her eyes wide and staring.\par
For a few seconds, they didn\rquote t move. Then Ron said, \ldblquote Let\rquote s get out of here.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shouldn\rquote t we try and help \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began awkwardly.\par
\ldblquote Trust me,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote We don\rquote t want to be found here.\rdblquote\par
But it was too late. A rumble, as though of distant thunder, told them that the feast had just ended. From either end of the corridor where they stood came the sound of hundreds of feet climbing the stairs, and the loud, happy talk of well-fed people; next moment, students were crashing into the passage from both ends.\par
The chatter, the bustle, the noise died suddenly as the people in front spotted the hanging cat. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood alone, in the middle of the corridor, as silence fell among the mass of students pressing forward to see the grisly sight.\par
Then someone shouted through the quiet.\par
\ldblquote Enemies of the Heir, beware! You\rquote ll be next, Mudbloods!\rdblquote\par
It was Draco Malfoy. He had pushed to the front of the crowd, his cold eyes alive, his usually bloodless face flushed, as he grinned at the sight of the hanging, immobile cat.\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 9\par
The Writing on the Wall\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s going on here? What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\par
Attracted no doubt by Malfoy\rquote s shout, Argus Filch came shouldering his way through the crowd. Then he saw Mrs. Norris and fell back, clutching his face in horror.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote My cat! My cat! What\rquote s happened to Mrs. Norris?\rdblquote  he shrieked.\par
And his popping eyes fell on Harry.\par
\ldblquote\i You\i0 !\rdblquote  he screeched. \ldblquote\i You\i0 ! You\rquote ve murdered my cat! You\rquote ve killed her! I\rquote ll kill you! I\rquote ll \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Argus\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore had arrived on the scene, followed by a number of other teachers. In seconds, he had swept past Harry, Ron, and Hermione and detached Mrs. Norris from the torch bracket.\par
\ldblquote Come with me, Argus,\rdblquote  he said to Filch. \ldblquote You, too, Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley, Miss Granger.\rdblquote\par
Lockhart stepped forward eagerly.\par
\ldblquote My office is nearest, Headmaster \emdash  just upstairs \emdash  please feel free \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you, Gilderoy,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\par
The silent crowd parted to let them pass. Lockhart, looking ex\-cited and important, hurried after Dumbledore; so did Professors McGonagall and Snape.\par
As they entered Lockhart\rquote s darkened office there was a flurry of movement across the walls; Harry saw several of the Lockharts in the pictures dodging out of sight, their hair in rollers. The real Lockhart lit the candles on his desk and stood back. Dumbledore laid Mrs. Norris on the polished surface and began to examine her. Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged tense looks and sank into chairs outside the pool of candlelight, watching.\par
The tip of Dumbledore\rquote s long, crooked nose was barely an inch from Mrs. Norris\rquote s fur. He was looking at her closely through his half-moon spectacles, his long fingers gently prodding and poking. Professor McGonagall was bent almost as close, her eyes narrowed. Snape loomed behind them, half in shadow, wearing a most pecu\-liar expression: It was as though he was trying hard not to smile. And Lockhart was hovering around all of them, making sugges\-tions.\par
\ldblquote It was definitely a curse that killed her \emdash  probably the Trans-mogrifian Torture \emdash  I\rquote ve seen it used many times, so unlucky I wasn\rquote t there, I know the very countercurse that would have saved her. \'85\rdblquote\par
Lockhart\rquote s comments were punctuated by Filch\rquote s dry, racking sobs. He was slumped in a chair by the desk, unable to look at Mrs. Norris, his face in his hands. Much as he detested Filch, Harry couldn\rquote t help feeling a bit sorry for him, though not nearly as sorry as he felt for himself. If Dumbledore believed Filch, he would be expelled for sure.\par
Dumbledore was now muttering strange words under his breath and tapping Mrs. Norris with his wand but nothing happened: She continued to look as though she had been recently stuffed.\par
\ldblquote\'85 I remember something very similar happening in Oua-gadogou,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, \ldblquote a series of attacks, the full story\rquote s in my autobiography, I was able to provide the townsfolk with various amulets, which cleared the matter up at once. \'85\rdblquote\par
The photographs of Lockhart on the walls were all nodding in agreement as he talked. One of them had forgotten to remove his hair net.\par
At last Dumbledore straightened up.\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s not dead, Argus,\rdblquote  he said softly.\par
Lockhart stopped abruptly in the middle of counting the num\-ber of murders he had prevented.\par
\ldblquote Not dead?\rdblquote  choked Filch, looking through his fingers at Mrs. Norris. \ldblquote But why\rquote s she all \emdash  all stiff and frozen?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She has been Petrified,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore (\ldblquote Ah! I thought so!\rdblquote  said Lockhart). \ldblquote But how, I cannot say. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ask \i him\i0 !\rdblquote  shrieked Filch, turning his blotched and tearstained face to Harry.\par
\ldblquote No second year could have done this,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore firmly. \ldblquote It would take Dark Magic of the most advanced \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He did it, he did it!\rdblquote  Filch spat, his pouchy face purpling. \ldblquote You saw what he wrote on the wall! He found \emdash  in my office \emdash  he knows I\rquote m a \emdash  I\rquote m a \emdash\rdblquote  Filch\rquote s face worked horribly. \ldblquote He knows I\rquote m a Squib!\rdblquote  he finished.\par
\ldblquote I never \i touched\i0  Mrs. Norris!\rdblquote  Harry said loudly, uncomfortably aware of everyone looking at him, including all the Lockharts on the walls. \ldblquote And I don\rquote t even know what a Squib \i is\i0 .\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Rubbish!\rdblquote  snarled Filch. \ldblquote He saw my Kwikspell letter!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If I might speak, Headmaster,\rdblquote  said Snape from the shadows, and Harry\rquote s sense of foreboding increased; he was sure nothing Snape had to say was going to do him any good.\par
\ldblquote Potter and his friends may have simply been in the wrong place at the wrong time,\rdblquote  he said, a slight sneer curling his mouth as though he doubted it. \ldblquote But we do have a set of suspicious circum\-stances here. Why was he in the upstairs corridor at all? Why wasn\rquote t he at the Halloween feast?\rdblquote\par
Harry, Ron and Hermione all launched into an explanation about the deathday party. \ldblquote\'85 there were hundreds of ghosts, they\rquote ll tell you we were there \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But why not join the feast afterward?\rdblquote  said Snape, his black eyes glittering in the candlelight. \ldblquote Why go up to that corridor?\rdblquote\par
Ron and Hermione looked at Harry.\par
\ldblquote Because \emdash  because \emdash\rdblquote  Harry said, his heart thumping very fast; something told him it would sound very far-fetched if he told them he had been led there by a bodiless voice no one but he could hear, \ldblquote because we were tired and wanted to go to bed,\rdblquote  he said.\par
\ldblquote Without any supper?\rdblquote  said Snape, a triumphant smile flicker\-ing across his gaunt face. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t think ghosts provided food fit for living people at their parties.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We weren\rquote t hungry,\rdblquote  said Ron loudly as his stomach gave a huge rumble.\par
Snape\rquote s nasty smile widened.\par
\ldblquote I suggest, Headmaster, that Potter is not being entirely truth\-ful,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote It might be a good idea if he were deprived of certain privileges until he is ready to tell us the whole story. I personally feel he should be taken off the Gryffindor Quidditch team until he is ready to be honest.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Really, Severus,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall sharply, \ldblquote I see no reason to stop the boy playing Quidditch. This cat wasn\rquote t hit over the head with a broomstick. There is no evidence at all that Potter has done anything wrong.\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore was giving Harry a searching look. His twinkling light-blue gaze made Harry feel as though he were being X-rayed.\par
\ldblquote Innocent until proven guilty, Severus,\rdblquote  he said firmly.\par
Snape looked furious. So did Filch.\par
\ldblquote My cat has been Petrified!\rdblquote  he shrieked, his eyes popping. \ldblquote I want to see some \i punishment\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We will be able to cure her, Argus,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore patiently. \ldblquote Professer Sprout recently managed to procure some Mandrakes. As soon as they have reached their full size, I will have a potion made that will revive Mrs. Norris.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll make it,\rdblquote  Lockhart butted in. \ldblquote I must have done it a hun\-dred times. I could whip up a Mandrake Restorative Draught in my sleep \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Excuse me,\rdblquote  said Snape icily. \ldblquote But I believe I am the Potions master at this school.\rdblquote\par
There was a very awkward pause.\par
\ldblquote You may go,\rdblquote  Dumbledore said to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.\par
They went, as quickly as they could without actually running. When they were a floor up from Lockhart\rquote s office, they turned into an empty classroom and closed the door quietly behind them. Harry squinted at his friends\rquote  darkened faces.\par
\ldblquote D\rquote you think I should have told them about that voice I heard?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron, without hesitation. \ldblquote Hearing voices no one else can hear isn\rquote t a good sign, even in the wizarding world.\rdblquote\par
Something in Ron\rquote s voice made Harry ask, \ldblquote You do believe me, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Course I do,\rdblquote  said Ron quickly. \ldblquote But \emdash  you must admit it\rquote s weird. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I know it\rquote s weird,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote The whole thing\rquote s weird. What was that writing on the wall about? \lquote The Chamber Has Been Opened\rquote . \'85 What\rquote s that supposed to mean?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You know, it rings a sort of bell,\rdblquote  said Ron slowly. \ldblquote I think someone told me a story about a secret chamber at Hogwarts once \'85 might\rquote ve been Bill. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And what on earth\rquote s a Squib?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
To his surprise, Ron stifled a snigger.\par
\ldblquote Well \emdash  it\rquote s not funny really \emdash  but as it\rquote s Filch,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote A Squib is someone who was born into a wizarding family but hasn\rquote t got any magic powers. Kind of the opposite of Muggle-born wiz\-ards, but Squibs are quite unusual. If Filch\rquote s trying to learn magic from a Kwikspell course, I reckon he must be a Squib. It would ex\-plain a lot. Like why he hates students so much.\rdblquote  Ron gave a satis\-fied smile. \ldblquote He\rquote s bitter.\rdblquote\par
A clock chimed somewhere.\par
\ldblquote Midnight,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We\rquote d better get to bed before Snape comes along and tries to frame us for something else.\rdblquote\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc *    *    *\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj For a few days, the school could talk of little else but the attack on Mrs. Norris. Filch kept it fresh in everyone\rquote s minds by pacing the spot where she had been attacked, as though he thought the at\-tacker might come back. Harry had seen him scrubbing the mes\-sage on the wall with Mrs. Skower\rquote s All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover, but to no effect; the words still gleamed as brightly as ever on the stone. When Filch wasn\rquote t guarding the scene of the crime, he was skulking red-eyed through the corridors, lunging out at unsuspecting students and trying to put them in detention for things like \ldblquote breathing loudly\rdblquote  and \ldblquote looking happy.\rdblquote\par
Ginny Weasley seemed very disturbed by Mrs. Norris\rquote s fate. Ac\-cording to Ron, she was a great cat lover.\par
\ldblquote But you haven\rquote t really got to know Mrs. Norris,\rdblquote  Ron told her bracingly. \ldblquote Honestly, we\rquote re much better off without her.\rdblquote  Ginny\rquote s lip trembled. \ldblquote Stuff like this doesn\rquote t often happen at Hogwarts,\rdblquote  Ron assured her. \ldblquote They\rquote ll catch the maniac who did it and have him out of here in no time. I just hope he\rquote s got time to Petrify Filch before he\rquote s expelled. I\rquote m only joking \emdash\rdblquote  Ron added hastily as Ginny blanched.\par
The attack had also had an effect on Hermione. It was quite usual for Hermione to spend a lot of time reading, but she was now doing almost nothing else. Nor could Harry and Ron get much re\-sponse from her when they asked what she was up to, and not un\-til the following Wednesday did they find out.\par
Harry had been held back in Potions, where Snape had made him stay behind to scrape tubeworms off the desks. After a hurried lunch, he went upstairs to meet Ron in the library, and saw Jus\-tin Finch-Fletchley, the Hufflepuff boy from Herbology, coming toward him. Harry had just opened his mouth to say hello when Justin caught sight of him, turned abruptly, and sped off in the op\-posite direction.\par
Harry found Ron at the back of the library, measuring his His\-tory of Magic homework. Professor Binns had asked for a three-foot-long composition on \ldblquote The Medieval Assembly of European Wizards.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe it, I\rquote m still eight inches short. \'85\rdblquote  said Ron fu\-riously, letting go of his parchment, which sprang back into a roll. \ldblquote And Hermione\rquote s done four feet seven inches and her writing\rquote s \i tiny.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Where is she?\rdblquote  asked Harry, grabbing the tape measure and un\-rolling his own homework.\par
\ldblquote Somewhere over there,\rdblquote  said Ron, pointing along the shelves. \ldblquote Looking for another book. I think she\rquote s trying to read the whole library before Christmas.\rdblquote\par
Harry told Ron about Justin Finch-Fletchley running away from him.\par
\ldblquote Dunno why you care. I thought he was a bit of an idiot,\rdblquote  said Ron, scribbling away, making his writing as large as possible. \ldblquote All that junk about Lockhart being so great \emdash\rdblquote\par
Hermione emerged from between the bookshelves. She looked irritable and at last seemed ready to talk to them.\par
\ldblquote\i All\i0  the copies of \i Hogwarts, A History\i0  have been taken out,\rdblquote  she said, sitting down next to Harry and Ron. \ldblquote And there\rquote s a two-week waiting list. I \i wish\i0  I hadn\rquote t left my copy at home, but I couldn\rquote t fit it in my trunk with all the Lockhart books.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why do you want it?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote The same reason everyone else wants it,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote to read up on the legend of the Chamber of Secrets.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s just it. I can\rquote t remember,\rdblquote  said Hermione, biting her lip. \ldblquote And I can\rquote t find the story anywhere else \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione, let me read your composition,\rdblquote  said Ron desper\-ately, checking his watch.\par
\ldblquote No, I won\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Hermione, suddenly severe. \ldblquote You\rquote ve had ten days to finish it \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I only need another two inches, come on \emdash\rdblquote\par
The bell rang. Ron and Hermione led the way to History of Magic, bickering.\par
History of Magic was the dullest subject on their schedule. Pro\-fessor Binns, who taught it, was their only ghost teacher, and the most exciting thing that ever happened in his classes was his enter\-ing the room through the blackboard. Ancient and shriveled, many people said he hadn\rquote t noticed he was dead. He had simply got up to teach one day and left his body behind him in an armchair in front of the staffroom fire; his routine had not varied in the slightest since.\par
Today was as boring as ever. Professor Binns opened his notes and began to read in a flat drone like an old vacuum cleaner until nearly everyone in the class was in a deep stupor, occasionally com\-ing to long enough to copy down a name or date, then falling asleep again. He had been speaking for half an hour when some\-thing happened that had never happened before. Hermione put up her hand.\par
Professor Binns, glancing up in the middle of a deadly dull lecture on the International Warlock Convention of 1289, looked amazed.\par
\ldblquote Miss \emdash  er \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Granger, Professor. I was wondering if you could tell us any\-thing about the Chamber of Secrets,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a clear voice.\par
Dean Thomas, who had been sitting with his mouth hanging open, gazing out of the window, jerked out of his trance; Lavender Brown\rquote s head came up off her arms and Neville Longbottom\rquote s el\-bow slipped off his desk.\par
Professor Binns blinked.\par
\ldblquote My subject is History of Magic,\rdblquote  he said in his dry, wheezy voice. \ldblquote I deal with, \i facts,\i0  Miss Granger, not myths and legends.\rdblquote  He cleared his throat with a small noise like chalk snapping and con\-tinued, \ldblquote In September of that year, a subcommittee of Sardinian sorcerers \emdash\rdblquote\par
He stuttered to a halt. Hermione\rquote s hand was waving in the air again.\par
\ldblquote Miss Grant?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Please, sir, don\rquote t legends always have a basis in fact?\rdblquote\par
Professor Binns was looking at her in such amazement, Harry was sure no student had ever interrupted him before, alive or dead.\par
\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Professor Binns slowly, \ldblquote yes, one could argue that, I suppose.\rdblquote  He peered at Hermione as though he had never seen a student properly before. \ldblquote However, the legend of which you speak is such a very \i sensational,\i0  even \i ludicrous\i0  tale \emdash\rdblquote\par
But the whole class was now hanging on Professor Binns\rquote s every word. He looked dimly at them all, every face turned to his. Harry could tell he was completely thrown by such an unusual show of interest.\par
\ldblquote Oh, very well,\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote Let me see \'85 the Chamber of Secrets \'85\par
\ldblquote You all know, of course, that Hogwarts was founded over a thousand years ago \emdash  the precise date is uncertain \emdash  by the four greatest witches and wizards of the age. The four school Houses are named after them: Godric Gryffindor, Helga Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and Salazar Slytherin. They built this castle together, far from prying Muggle eyes, for it was an age when magic was feared by common people, and witches and wizards suffered much persecution.\rdblquote\par
He paused, gazed blearily around the room, and continued.\par
\ldblquote For a few years, the founders worked in harmony together, seeking out youngsters who showed signs of magic and bringing them to the castle to be educated. But then disagreements sprang up between them. A rift began to grow between Slytherin and the others. Slytherin wished to be more \i selective\i0  about the students ad\-mitted to Hogwarts. He believed that magical learning should be kept within all-magic families. He disliked taking students of Mug\-gle parentage, believing them to be untrustworthy. After a while, there was a serious argument on the subject between Slytherin and Gryffindor, and Slytherin left the school.\rdblquote\par
Professor Binns paused again, pursing his lips, looking like a wrinkled old tortoise.\par
\ldblquote Reliable historical sources tell us this much,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote But these honest facts have been obscured by the fanciful legend of the Chamber of Secrets. The story goes that Slytherin had built a hidden chamber in the castle, of which the other founders knew nothing.\par
\ldblquote Slytherin, according to the legend, sealed the Chamber of Se\-crets so that none would be able to open it until his own true heir arrived at the school. The heir alone would be able to unseal the Chamber of Secrets, unleash the horror within, and use it to purge the school of all who were unworthy to study magic.\rdblquote\par
There was silence as he finished telling the story, but it wasn\rquote t the usual, sleepy silence that filled Professor Binns\rquote s classes. There was unease in the air as everyone continued to watch him, hoping for more. Professor Binns looked faintly annoyed.\par
\ldblquote The whole thing is arrant nonsense, of course,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Natu\-rally, the school has been searched for evidence of such a chamber, many times, by the most learned witches and wizards. It does not exist. A tale told to frighten the gullible.\rdblquote\par
Hermione\rquote s hand was back in the air.\par
\ldblquote Sir \emdash  what exactly do you mean by the \lquote horror within\rquote  the Chamber?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That is believed to be some sort of monster, which the Heir of Slytherin alone can control,\rdblquote  said Professor Binns in his dry, reedy voice.\par
The class exchanged nervous looks.\par
\ldblquote I tell you, the thing does not exist,\rdblquote  said Professor Binns, shuf\-fling his notes. \ldblquote There is no Chamber and no monster.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But, sir,\rdblquote  said Seamus Finnigan, \ldblquote if the Chamber can only be opened by Slytherin\rquote s true heir, no one else \i would\i0  be able to find it, would they?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Nonsense, O\rquote Flaherty,\rdblquote  said Professor Binns in an aggravated tone. \ldblquote If a long succession of Hogwarts headmasters and head\-mistresses haven\rquote t found the thing \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But, Professor,\rdblquote  piped up Parvati Patil, \ldblquote you\rquote d probably have to use Dark Magic to open it \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Just because a wizard \i doesn\rquote t\i0  use Dark Magic doesn\rquote t mean he \i can\rquote t,\i0  Miss Pennyfeather,\rdblquote  snapped Professor Binns. \ldblquote I repeat, if the likes of Dumbledore \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But maybe you\rquote ve got to be related to Slytherin, so Dumble\-dore couldn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote  began Dean Thomas, but Professor \lang1033 Binns\lang3081  had had enough.\par
\ldblquote That will do,\rdblquote  he said sharply. \ldblquote It is a myth! It does not exist! There is not a shred of evidence that Slytherin ever built so much as a secret broom cupboard! I regret telling you such a foolish story! We will return, if you please, to \i history,\i0  to solid, believable, verifi\-able\i  fact\i0 !\rdblquote\par
And within five minutes, the class had sunk back into its usual torpor.\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I always knew Salazar Slytherin was a twisted old loony,\rdblquote  Ron told Harry and Hermione as they fought their way through the teeming corridors at the end of the lesson to drop off their bags before dinner. \ldblquote But I never knew he started all this pure-blood stuff. I wouldn\rquote t be in his House if you paid me. Honestly, if the Sorting Hat had tried to put me in Slytherin, I\rquote d\rquote ve got the train straight back home. \'85\rdblquote\par
\lang3081 Hermione nodded fervently, but Harry didn\rquote t say anything. His stomach had just dropped unpleasantly.\par
Harry had never told Ron and Hermione that the Sorting Hat had seriously considered putting \i him\i0  in Slytherin. He could re\-member, as though it were yesterday, the small voice that had spo\-ken in his ear when he\rquote d placed the hat on his head a year before: \i You could be great, you know, it\rquote s all here in your head, and Slytherin would help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that. \'85\i0\par
But Harry, who had already heard of Slytherin House\rquote s reputa\-tion for turning out Dark wizards, had thought desperately, \i Not Slytherin\i0 !\i  \i0 and the hat had said, \i Oh, well, if you\rquote re sure\i0  \'85 \i better be Gryffindor. \'85\i0\par
As they were shunted along in the throng, Colin Creevey went past.\par
\ldblquote Hiya, Harry!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hullo, Colin,\rdblquote  said Harry automatically.\par
\ldblquote Harry \emdash  Harry \emdash  a boy in my class has been saying you\rquote re \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Colin was so small he couldn\rquote t fight against the tide of people bearing him toward the Great Hall; they heard him squeak, \ldblquote See you, Harry!\rdblquote  and he was gone.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s a boy in his class saying about you?\rdblquote  Hermione won\-dered.\par
\ldblquote That I\rquote m Slytherin\rquote s heir, I expect,\rdblquote  said Harry, his stomach dropping another inch or so as he suddenly remembered the way Justin Finch-Fletchley had run away from him at lunchtime.\par
\ldblquote People here\rquote ll believe anything,\rdblquote  said Ron in disgust.\par
The crowd thinned and they were able to climb the next stair\-case without difficulty.\par
\ldblquote D\rquote you \i really\i0  think there\rquote s a Chamber of Secrets?\rdblquote  Ron asked Hermione.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  she said, frowning. \ldblquote Dumbledore couldn\rquote t cure Mrs. Norris, and that makes me think that whatever attacked her might not be \emdash  well \emdash  human.\rdblquote\par
As she spoke, they turned a corner and found themselves at the end of the very corridor where the attack had happened. They stopped and looked. The scene was just as it had been that night, except that there was no stiff cat hanging from the torch bracket, and an empty chair stood against the wall bearing the message \ldblquote The Chamber of Secrets Has Been Opened.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s where Filch has been keeping guard,\rdblquote  Ron muttered.\par
They looked at each other. The corridor was deserted.\par
\ldblquote Can\rquote t hurt to have a poke around,\rdblquote  said Harry, dropping his bag and getting to his hands and knees so that he could crawl along, searching for clues.\par
\ldblquote Scorch marks!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Here \emdash  and here \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come and look at this!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote This is funny. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry got up and crossed to the window next to the message on the wall. Hermione was pointing at the topmost pane, where around twenty spiders were scuttling, apparently fighting to get through a small crack. A long, silvery thread was dangling like a rope, as though they had all climbed it in their hurry to get outside.\par
\ldblquote Have you ever seen spiders act like that?\rdblquote  said Hermione won\-deringly.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote have you, Ron? Ron?\rdblquote\par
He looked over his shoulder. Ron was standing well back and seemed to be fighting the impulse to run.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s up?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  don\rquote t \emdash  like \emdash  spiders,\rdblquote  said Ron tensely.\par
\ldblquote I never knew that,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking at Ron in surprise. \ldblquote You\rquote ve used spiders in Potions loads of times. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t mind them dead,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was carefully look\-ing anywhere but at the window. \ldblquote I just don\rquote t like the way they move. \'85\rdblquote\par
Hermione giggled.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not funny,\rdblquote  said Ron, fiercely. \ldblquote If you must know, when I was three, Fred turned my \emdash  my teddy bear into a great big filthy spider because I broke his toy broomstick. \'85 You wouldn\rquote t like them either if you\rquote d been holding your bear and suddenly it had too many legs and \'85\rdblquote\par
He broke off, shuddering. Hermione was obviously still trying not to laugh. Feeling they had better get off the subject, Harry said, \ldblquote Remember all that water on the floor? Where did that come from? Someone\rquote s mopped it up.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It was about here,\rdblquote  said Ron, recovering himself to walk a few paces past Filch\rquote s chair and pointing. \ldblquote Level with this door.\rdblquote\par
He reached for the brass doorknob but suddenly withdrew his hand as though he\rquote d been burned.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Can\rquote t go in there,\rdblquote  said Ron gruffly. \ldblquote That\rquote s a girls\rquote  toilet.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, Ron, there won\rquote t be anyone in there,\rdblquote  said Hermione, standing up and coming over. \ldblquote That\rquote s Moaning Myrtle\rquote s place. Come on, let\rquote s have a look.\rdblquote\par
And ignoring the large OUT OF ORDER sign, she opened the door.\par
It was the gloomiest, most depressing bathroom Harry had ever set foot in. Under a large, cracked, and spotted mirror were a row of chipped sinks. The floor was damp and reflected the dull light given off by the stubs of a few candles, burning low in their hold\-ers; the wooden doors to the stalls were flaking and scratched and one of them was dangling off its hinges.\par
Hermione put her fingers to her lips and set off toward the end stall. When she reached it she said, \ldblquote Hello, Myrtle, how are you?\rdblquote\par
Harry and Ron went to look. Moaning Myrtle was floating above the tank of the toilet, picking a spot on her chin.\par
\ldblquote This is a \i girls\rquote\i0  bathroom,\rdblquote  she said, eyeing Ron and Harry sus\-piciously. \ldblquote\i They\rquote re\i0  not girls.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Hermione agreed. \ldblquote I just wanted to show them how \emdash  er \emdash  nice it is in here.\rdblquote\par
She waved vaguely at the dirty old mirror and the damp floor.\par
\ldblquote Ask her if she saw anything,\rdblquote  Harry mouthed at Hermione.\par
\ldblquote What are you whispering?\rdblquote  said Myrtle, staring at him.\par
\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote We wanted to ask \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I wish people would stop talking behind my back!\rdblquote  said Myrtle, in a voice choked with tears. \ldblquote I \i do\i0  have feelings, you know, even if I \i am\i0  dead \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Myrtle, no one wants to upset you,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Harry only \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No one wants to upset me! That\rquote s a good one!\rdblquote  howled Myrtle. \ldblquote My life was nothing but misery at this place and now people come along ruining my death!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We wanted to ask you if you\rquote ve seen anything funny lately,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly. \ldblquote Because a cat was attacked right outside your front door on Halloween.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Did you see anyone near here that night?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote I wasn\rquote t paying attention,\rdblquote  said Myrtle dramatically. \ldblquote Peeves upset me so much I came in here and tried to \i kill\i0  myself. Then, of course, I remembered that I\rquote m \emdash  that I\rquote m \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Already dead,\rdblquote  said Ron helpfully.\par
Myrtle gave a tragic sob, rose up in the air, turned over, and dived headfirst into the toilet, splashing water all over them and vanishing from sight, although from the direction of her muffled sobs, she had come to rest somewhere in the U-bend.\par
Harry and Ron stood with their mouths open, but Hermione shrugged wearily and said, \ldblquote Honestly, that was almost cheerful for Myrtle. \'85 Come on, let\rquote s go.\rdblquote\par
Harry had barely closed the door on Myrtle\rquote s gurgling sobs when a loud voice made all three of them jump.\par
\ldblquote RON!\rdblquote\par
Percy Weasley had stopped dead at the head of the stairs, prefect badge agleam, an expression of complete shock on his face.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s a \i girls\rquote\i0  bathroom!\rdblquote  he gasped. \ldblquote What were \i you\i0  \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Just having a look around,\rdblquote  Ron shrugged. \ldblquote Clues, you know \emdash\rdblquote\par
Percy swelled in a manner that reminded Harry forcefully of Mrs. Weasley.\par
\ldblquote Get \emdash  away \emdash  from \emdash  there \emdash\rdblquote  Percy said, striding toward them and starting to bustle them along, flapping his arms. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you \i care\i0  what this looks like? Coming back here while everyone\rquote s at dinner \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why shouldn\rquote t we be here?\rdblquote  said Ron hotly, stopping short and glaring at Percy. \ldblquote Listen, we never laid a finger on that cat!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s what I told Ginny,\rdblquote  said Percy fiercely, \ldblquote but she still seems to think you\rquote re going to be expelled, I\rquote ve never seen her so upset, crying her eyes out, you might think of \i her,\i0  all the first years are thoroughly overexcited by this business \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i You\i0  don\rquote t care about Ginny,\rdblquote  said Ron, whose ears were now reddening. \ldblquote\i You\rquote re\i0  just worried I\rquote m going to mess up your chances of being Head Boy \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Five points from Gryffindor!\rdblquote  Percy said tersely, fingering his prefect badge. \ldblquote And I hope it teaches you a lesson! No more \i detec\-tive work,\i0  or I\rquote ll write to Mum!\rdblquote\par
And he strode off, the back of his neck as red as Ron\rquote s ears.\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione chose seats as far as possible from Percy in the common room that night. Ron was still in a very bad tem\-per and kept blotting his Charms homework. When he reached absently for his wand to remove the smudges, it ignited the parch\-ment. Fuming almost as much as his homework, Ron slammed \i The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2\i0  shut. To Harry\rquote s surprise, Hermione followed suit.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Who can it be, though?\rdblquote  she said in a quiet voice, as though continuing a conversation they had just been having. \ldblquote Who\rquote d \i want \i0 to frighten all the Squibs and Muggle-borns out of Hogwarts?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s think,\rdblquote  said Ron in mock puzzlement. \ldblquote Who do we know who thinks Muggle-borns are scum?\rdblquote\par
He looked at Hermione. Hermione looked back, unconvinced.\par
\ldblquote If you\rquote re talking about Malfoy \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Of course I am!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You heard him \emdash  \lquote\i You\rquote ll be next, Mudbloods\i0 !\rquote  \emdash  come on, you\rquote ve only got to look at his foul rat face to know it\rquote s him \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Malfoy, the Heir of Slytherin?\rdblquote  said Hermione skeptically.\par
\ldblquote Look at his family,\rdblquote  said Harry, closing his books, too. \ldblquote The whole lot of them have been in Slytherin; he\rquote s always boasting about it. They could easily be Slytherin\rquote s descendants. His father\rquote s definitely evil enough.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They could\rquote ve had the key to the Chamber of Secrets for cen\-turies!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Handing it down, father to son. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Hermione cautiously, \ldblquote I suppose it\rquote s possible. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But how do we prove it?\rdblquote  said Harry darkly.\par
\ldblquote There might be a way,\rdblquote  said Hermione slowly, dropping her voice still further with a quick glance across the room at Percy. \ldblquote Of course, it would be difficult. And dangerous, very dangerous. We\rquote d be breaking about fifty school rules, I expect \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If, in a month or so, you feel like explaining, you will let us know, won\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Ron irritably.\par
\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  said Hermione coldly. \ldblquote What we\rquote d need to do is to get inside the Slytherin common room and ask Malfoy a few ques\-tions without him realizing it\rquote s us.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But that\rquote s impossible,\rdblquote  Harry said as Ron laughed.\par
\ldblquote No, it\rquote s not,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote All we\rquote d need would be some Polyjuice Potion.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  said Ron and Harry together.\par
\ldblquote Snape mentioned it in class a few weeks ago \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote D\rquote you think we\rquote ve got nothing better to do in Potions than lis\-ten to Snape?\rdblquote  muttered Ron.\par
\ldblquote It transforms you into somebody else. Think about it! We could change into three of the Slytherins. No one would know it was us. Malfoy would probably tell us anything. He\rquote s probably boasting about it in the Slytherin common room right now, if only we could hear him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This Polyjuice stuff sounds a bit dodgy to me,\rdblquote  said Ron, frowning. \ldblquote What if we were stuck looking like three of the Slytherins forever?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It wears off after a while,\rdblquote  said Hermione, waving her hand impatiently. \ldblquote But getting hold of the recipe will be very difficult. Snape said it was in a book called \i Moste Potente Potions\i0  and it\rquote s bound to be in the Restricted Section of the library.\rdblquote\par
There was only one way to get out a book from the Restricted Section: You needed a signed note of permission from a teacher.\par
\ldblquote Hard to see why we\rquote d want the book, really,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote if we weren\rquote t going to try and make one of the potions.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote that if we made it sound as though we were just interested in the theory, we might stand a chance. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, come on, no teacher\rquote s going to fall for that,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote They\rquote d have to be really thick. \'85\rdblquote\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 10\par
The Rogue Bludger\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033 Since the disastrous episode of the pixies, Professor Lockhart had not brought live creatures to class. Instead, he read passages from his books to them, and sometimes reenacted some of the more dramatic bits. He usually picked Harry to help him with these reconstructions; so far, Harry had been forced to play a sim\-ple Transylvanian villager whom Lockhart had cured of a Babbling Curse, a yeti with a head cold, and a vampire who had been unable to eat anything except lettuce since Lockhart had dealt with him.\par
\lang3081 Harry was hauled to the front of the class during their very next Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson, this time acting a werewolf. If he hadn\rquote t had a very good reason for keeping Lockhart in a good mood, he would have refused to do it.\par
\ldblquote Nice loud howl, Harry \emdash  exactly \emdash  and then, if you\rquote ll believe it, I pounced \emdash  like this \emdash  \i slammed\i0  him to the floor \emdash  thus \emdash  with one hand, I managed to hold him down \emdash  with my other, I put my wand to his throat \emdash  I then screwed up my remain\-ing strength and performed the immensely complex Homorphus Charm \emdash  he let out a piteous moan \emdash  go on, Harry \emdash  higher than that \emdash  good \emdash  the fur vanished \emdash  the fangs shrank \emdash  and he turned back into a man. Simple, yet effective \emdash  and another village will remember me forever as the hero who delivered them from the monthly terror of werewolf attacks.\rdblquote\par
The bell rang and Lockhart got to his feet.\par
\ldblquote Homework \emdash  compose a poem about my defeat of the Wagga Wagga Werewolf! Signed copies of \i Magical Me\i0  to the author of the best one!\rdblquote\par
The class began to leave. Harry returned to the back of the room, where Ron and Hermione were waiting.\par
\ldblquote Ready?\rdblquote  Harry muttered.\par
\ldblquote Wait till everyone\rquote s gone,\rdblquote  said Hermione nervously. \ldblquote All right \'85\rdblquote\par
She approached Lockhart\rquote s desk, a piece of paper clutched tightly in her hand, Harry and Ron right behind her.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  Professor Lockhart?\rdblquote  Hermione stammered. \ldblquote I wanted to \emdash  to get this book out of the library. Just for background read\-ing.\rdblquote  She held out the piece of paper, her hand shaking slightly. \ldblquote But the thing is, it\rquote s in the Restricted Section of the library, so I need a teacher to sign for it \emdash  I\rquote m sure it would help me under\-stand what you say in \i Gadding with Ghouls\i0  about slow-acting ven\-oms \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, \i Gadding with Ghouls\i0 !\rdblquote  said Lockhart, taking the note from Hermione and smiling widely at her. \ldblquote Possibly my very favorite book. You enjoyed it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione eagerly. \ldblquote So clever, the way you trapped that last one with the tea-strainer \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m sure no one will mind me giving the best student of the year a little extra help,\rdblquote  said Lockhart warmly, and he pulled out an enormous peacock quill. \ldblquote Yes, nice, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  he said, misreading the revolted look on Ron\rquote s face. \ldblquote I usually save it for book signings.\rdblquote\par
He scrawled an enormous loopy signature on the note and handed it back to Hermione.\par
\ldblquote So, Harry,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, while Hermione folded the note with fumbling fingers and slipped it into her bag. \ldblquote Tomorrow\rquote s the first Quidditch match of the season, I believe? Gryffindor against Slytherin, is it not? I hear you\rquote re a useful player. I was a Seeker, too. I was asked to try for the National Squad, but preferred to dedicate my life to the eradication of the Dark Forces. Still, if ever you feel the need for a little private training, don\rquote t hesitate to ask. Always happy to pass on my expertise to less able players. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry made an indistinct noise in his throat and then hurried off after Ron and Hermione.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe it,\rdblquote  he said as the three of them examined the signature on the note. \ldblquote He didn\rquote t even \i look\i0  at the book we wanted.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s because he\rquote s a brainless \i git,\i0\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote But who cares, we\rquote ve got what we needed \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He is \i not\i0  a brainless git,\rdblquote  said Hermione shrilly as they half ran toward the library.\par
\ldblquote Just because he said you were the best student of the year \emdash\rdblquote\par
They dropped their voices as they entered the muffled stillness of the library. Madam Pince, the librarian, was a thin, irritable woman who looked like an underfed vulture.\par
\ldblquote\i Moste Potente Potions\i0 ?\rdblquote  she repeated suspiciously, trying to take the note from Hermione; but Hermione wouldn\rquote t let go.\par
\ldblquote I was wondering if I could keep it,\rdblquote  she said breathlessly.\par
\ldblquote Oh, come on,\rdblquote  said Ron, wrenching it from her grasp and thrusting it at Madam Pince. \ldblquote We\rquote ll get you another autograph. Lockhart\rquote ll sign anything if it stands still long enough.\rdblquote\par
Madam Pince held the note up to the light, as though deter\-mined to detect a forgery, but it passed the test. She stalked away between the lofty shelves and returned several minutes later carry\-ing a large and moldy-looking book. Hermione put it carefully into her bag and they left, trying not to walk too quickly or look too guilty.\par
Five minutes later, they were barricaded in Moaning Myrtle\rquote s out-of-order bathroom once again. Hermione had overridden Ron\rquote s objections by pointing out that it was the last place anyone in their right minds would go, so they were guaranteed some privacy. Moaning Myrtle was crying noisily in her stall, but they were ig\-noring her, and she them.\par
Hermione opened \i Moste Potente Potions\i0  carefully, and the three of them bent over the damp-spotted pages. It was clear from a glance why it belonged in the Restricted Section. Some of the po\-tions had effects almost too gruesome to think about, and there were some very unpleasant illustrations, which included a man who seemed to have been turned inside out and a witch sprouting several extra pairs of arms out of her head.\par
\ldblquote Here it is,\rdblquote  said Hermione excitedly as she found the page headed \i The Polyjuice Potion.\i0  It was decorated with drawings of people halfway through transforming into other people. Harry sincerely hoped the artist had imagined the looks of intense pain on their faces.\par
\ldblquote This is the most complicated potion I\rquote ve ever seen,\rdblquote  said Hermione as they scanned the recipe. \ldblquote Lacewing flies, leeches, fluxweed, and knotgrass,\rdblquote  she murmured, running her finger down the list of ingredients. \ldblquote Well, they\rquote re easy enough, they\rquote re in the student store-cupboard, we can help ourselves. \'85 Oooh, look, powdered horn of a bicorn \emdash  don\rquote t know where we\rquote re going to get that \emdash  shredded skin of a boomslang \emdash  that\rquote ll be tricky, too \emdash  and of course a bit of whoever we want to change into.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Excuse me?\rdblquote  said Ron sharply. \ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, a bit of whoever we\rquote re changing into? I\rquote m drinking \i nothing\i0  with Crabbe\rquote s toenails in it \emdash\rdblquote\par
Hermione continued as though she hadn\rquote t heard him.\par
\ldblquote We don\rquote t have to worry about that yet, though, because we add those bits last. \'85\rdblquote\par
Ron turned, speechless, to Harry, who had another worry.\par
\ldblquote D\rquote you realize how much we\rquote re going to have to steal, Her\-mione? Shredded skin of a boomslang, that\rquote s definitely not in the students\rquote  cupboard. What\rquote re we going to do, break into Snape\rquote s pri\-vate stores? I don\rquote t know if this is a good idea. \'85\rdblquote\par
Hermione shut the book with a snap.\par
\ldblquote Well, if you two are going to chicken out, fine,\rdblquote  she said. There were bright pink patches on her cheeks and her eyes were brighter than usual. \ldblquote\i I\i0  don\rquote t want to break rules, you know. \i I\i0  think threat\-ening Muggle-borns is far worse than brewing up a difficult po\-tion. But if you don\rquote t want to find out if it\rquote s Malfoy, I\rquote ll go straight to Madam Pince now and hand the book back in \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I never thought I\rquote d see the day when you\rquote d be persuading us to break rules,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote All right, we\rquote ll do it. But not toenails, okay?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How long will it take to make, anyway?\rdblquote  said Harry as Her\-mione, looking happier, opened the book again.\par
\ldblquote Well, since the fluxweed has got to be picked at the full moon and the lacewings have got to be stewed for twenty-one days \'85 I\rquote d say it\rquote d be ready in about a month, if we can get all the ingredients.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A month?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Malfoy could have attacked half the Muggle-borns in the school by then!\rdblquote  But Hermione\rquote s eyes nar\-rowed dangerously again, and he added swiftly, \ldblquote But it\rquote s the best plan we\rquote ve got, so full steam ahead, I say.\rdblquote\par
However, while Hermione was checking that the coast was clear for them to leave the bathroom, Ron muttered to Harry, \ldblquote It\rquote ll be a lot less hassle if you can just knock Malfoy off his broom tomor\-row.\rdblquote\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry woke early on Saturday morning and lay for a while think\-ing about the coming Quidditch match. He was nervous, mainly at the thought of what Wood would say if Gryffindor lost, but also at the idea of facing a team mounted on the fastest racing brooms gold could buy. He had never wanted to beat Slytherin so badly. After half an hour of lying there with his insides churning, he got up, dressed, and went down to breakfast early, where he found the rest of the Gryffindor team huddled at the long, empty table, all looking uptight and not speaking much.\par
\lang3081 As eleven o\rquote clock approached, the whole school started to make its way down to the Quidditch stadium. It was a muggy sort of day with a hint of thunder in the air. Ron and Hermione came hurry\-ing over to wish Harry good luck as he entered the locker rooms. The team pulled on their scarlet Gryffindor robes, then sat down to listen to Wood\rquote s usual pre-match pep talk.\par
\ldblquote Slytherin has better brooms than us,\rdblquote  he began. \ldblquote No point de\-nying it. But we\rquote ve got better \i people\i0  on our brooms. We\rquote ve trained harder than they have, we\rquote ve been flying in all weathers \emdash\rdblquote  (\ldblquote Too true,\rdblquote  muttered George Weasley. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t been properly dry since August\rdblquote ) \ldblquote\emdash  and we\rquote re going to make them rue the day they let that little bit of slime, Malfoy, buy his way onto their team.\rdblquote\par
Chest heaving with emotion, Wood turned to Harry.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote ll be down to you, Harry, to show them that a Seeker has to have something more than a rich father. Get to that Snitch before Malfoy or die trying, Harry, because we\rquote ve got to win today, we\rquote ve got to.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So no pressure, Harry,\rdblquote  said Fred, winking at him.\par
As they walked out onto the field, a roar of noise greeted them; mainly cheers, because Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were anxious to see Slytherin beaten, but the Slytherins in the crowd made their boos and hisses heard, too. Madam Hooch, the Quidditch teacher, asked Flint and Wood to shake hands, which they did, giving each other threatening stares and gripping rather harder than was neces\-sary.\par
\ldblquote On my whistle,\rdblquote  said Madam Hooch. \ldblquote Three \'85 two \'85 one \'85\rdblquote\par
With a roar from the crowd to speed them upward, the fourteen players rose toward the leaden sky. Harry flew higher than any of them, squinting around for the Snitch.\par
\ldblquote All right there, Scarhead?\rdblquote  yelled Malfoy, shooting underneath him as though to show off the speed of his broom.\par
Harry had no time to reply. At that very moment, a heavy black Bludger came pelting toward him; he avoided it so narrowly that he felt it ruffle his hair as it passed.\par
\ldblquote Close one, Harry!\rdblquote  said George, streaking past him with his club in his hand, ready to knock the Bludger back toward a Slyth\-erin. Harry saw George give the Bludger a powerful whack in the direction of Adrian Pucey, but the Bludger changed direction in midair and shot straight for Harry again.\par
Harry dropped quickly to avoid it, and George managed to hit it hard toward Malfoy. Once again, the Bludger swerved like a boomerang and shot at Harry\rquote s head.\par
Harry put on a burst of speed and zoomed toward the other end of the field. He could hear the Bludger whistling along behind him. What was going on? Bludgers never concentrated on one player like this; it was their job to try and unseat as many people as possible. \'85\par
Fred Weasley was waiting for the Bludger at the other end. Harry ducked as Fred swung at the Bludger with all his might; the Bludger was knocked off course.\par
\ldblquote Gotcha!\rdblquote  Fred yelled happily, but he was wrong; as though it was magnetically attracted to Harry, the Bludger pelted after him once more and Harry was forced to fly off at full speed.\par
It had started to rain; Harry felt heavy drops fall onto his face, splattering onto his glasses. He didn\rquote t have a clue what was going on in the rest of the game until he heard Lee Jordan, who was com\-mentating, say, \ldblquote Slytherin lead, sixty points to zero \emdash\rdblquote\par
The Slytherins\rquote  superior brooms were clearly doing their jobs, and meanwhile the mad Bludger was doing all it could to knock Harry out of the air. Fred and George were now flying so close to him on either side that Harry could see nothing at all except their flailing arms and had no chance to look for the Snitch, let alone catch it.\par
\ldblquote Someone\rquote s \emdash  tampered \emdash  with \emdash  this \emdash  Bludger \emdash\rdblquote  Fred grunted, swinging his bat with all his might at it as it launched a new attack on Harry.\par
\ldblquote We need time out,\rdblquote  said George, trying to signal to Wood and stop the Bludger breaking Harry\rquote s nose at the same time.\par
Wood had obviously got the message. Madam Hooch\rquote s whistle rang out and Harry, Fred, and George dived for the ground, still trying to avoid the mad Bludger.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote  said Wood as the Gryffindor team huddled together, while Slytherins in the crowd jeered. \ldblquote We\rquote re being flat\-tened. Fred, George, where were you when that Bludger stopped Angelina scoring?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We were twenty feet above her, stopping the other Bludger from murdering Harry, Oliver,\rdblquote  said George angrily. \ldblquote Someone\rquote s fixed it \emdash  it won\rquote t leave Harry alone. It hasn\rquote t gone for anyone else all game. The Slytherins must have done something to it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But the Bludgers have been locked in Madam Hooch\rquote s office since our last practice, and there was nothing wrong with them then. \'85\rdblquote  said Wood, anxiously.\par
Madam Hooch was walking toward them. Over her shoulder, Harry could see the Slytherin team jeering and pointing in his di\-rection.\par
\ldblquote Listen,\rdblquote  said Harry as she came nearer and nearer, \ldblquote with you two flying around me all the time the only way I\rquote m going to catch the Snitch is if it flies up my sleeve. Go back to the rest of the team and let me deal with the rogue one.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be thick,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote It\rquote ll take your head off.\rdblquote\par
Wood was looking from Harry to the Weasleys.\par
\ldblquote Oliver, this is insane,\rdblquote  said Alicia Spinnet angrily. \ldblquote You can\rquote t let Harry deal with that thing on his own. Let\rquote s ask for an inquiry \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If we stop now, we\rquote ll have to forfeit the match!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote And we\rquote re not losing to Slytherin just because of a crazy Bludger! Come on, Oliver, tell them to leave me alone!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This is all your fault,\rdblquote  George said angrily to Wood. \ldblquote  \lquote Get the Snitch or die trying,\rquote  what a stupid thing to tell him \emdash\rdblquote\par
Madam Hooch had joined them.\par
\ldblquote Ready to resume play?\rdblquote  she asked Wood.\par
Wood looked at the determined look on Harry\rquote s face.\par
\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Fred, George, you heard Harry \emdash  leave him alone and let him deal with the Bludger on his own.\rdblquote\par
The rain was falling more heavily now. On Madam Hooch\rquote s whistle, Harry kicked hard into the air and heard the telltale whoosh of the Bludger behind him. Higher and higher Harry climbed; he looped and swooped, spiraled, zigzagged, and rolled. Slightly dizzy, he nevertheless kept his eyes wide open, rain was speckling his glasses and ran up his nostrils as he hung upside down, avoiding another fierce dive from the Bludger. He could hear laughter from the crowd; he knew he must look very stupid, but the rogue Bludger was heavy and couldn\rquote t change direction as quickly as Harry could; he began a kind of roller-coaster ride around the edges of the stadium, squinting through the silver sheets of rain to the Gryffindor goal posts, where Adrian Pucey was trying to get past Wood \emdash\par
A whistling in Harry\rquote s ear told him the Bludger had just missed him again; he turned right over and sped in the opposite direction.\par
\ldblquote Training for the ballet, Potter?\rdblquote  yelled Malfoy as Harry was forced to do a stupid kind of twirl in midair to dodge the Bludger, and he fled, the Bludger trailing a few feet behind him; and then, glaring back at Malfoy in hatred, he saw it \emdash  \i the Golden Snitch.\i0  It was hovering inches above Malfoy\rquote s left ear \emdash  and Malfoy, busy laughing at Harry, hadn\rquote t seen it.\par
For an agonizing moment, Harry hung in midair, not daring to speed toward Malfoy in case he looked up and saw the Snitch.\par
WHAM.\par
He had stayed still a second too long. The Bludger had hit him at last, smashed into his elbow, and Harry felt his arm break. Dimly, dazed by the searing pain in his arm, he slid sideways on his rain-drenched broom, one knee still crooked over it, his right arm dangling useless at his side \emdash  the Bludger came pelting back for a second attack, this time aiming at his face \emdash  Harry swerved out of the way, one idea firmly lodged in his numb brain: \i get to Malfoy.\i0\par
Through a haze of rain and pain he dived for the shimmering, sneering face below him and saw its eyes widen with fear: Malfoy thought Harry was attacking him.\par
\ldblquote What the \emdash\rdblquote  he gasped, careening out of Harry\rquote s way.\par
Harry took his remaining hand off his broom and made a wild snatch; he felt his fingers close on the cold Snitch but was now only gripping the broom with his legs, and there was a yell from the crowd below as he headed straight for the ground, trying hard not to pass out.\par
With a splattering thud he hit the mud and rolled off his broom. His arm was hanging at a very strange angle; riddled with pain, he heard, as though from a distance, a good deal of whistling and shouting. He focused on the Snitch clutched in his good hand.\par
\ldblquote Aha,\rdblquote  he said vaguely. \ldblquote We\rquote ve won.\rdblquote\par
And he fainted.\par
He came around, rain falling on his face, still lying on the field, with someone leaning over him. He saw a glitter of teeth.\par
\ldblquote Oh, no, not you,\rdblquote  he moaned.\par
\ldblquote Doesn\rquote t know what he\rquote s saying,\rdblquote  said Lockhart loudly to the anxious crowd of Gryffindors pressing around them. \ldblquote Not to worry, Harry. I\rquote m about to fix your arm.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i No\i0 !\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote ll keep it like this, thanks. \'85\rdblquote\par
He tried to sit up, but the pain was terrible. He heard a familiar clicking noise nearby.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t want a photo of this, Colin,\rdblquote  he said loudly.\par
\ldblquote Lie back, Harry,\rdblquote  said Lockhart soothingly. \ldblquote It\rquote s a simple charm I\rquote ve used countless times \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Why can\rquote t I just go to the hospital wing?\rdblquote  said Harry through clenched teeth.\par
\ldblquote He should really, Professor,\rdblquote  said a muddy Wood, who couldn\rquote t help grinning even though his Seeker was injured. \ldblquote Great capture, Harry, really spectacular, your best yet, I\rquote d say \emdash\rdblquote\par
Through the thicket of legs around him, Harry spotted Fred and George Weasley, wrestling the rogue Bludger into a box. It was still putting up a terrific fight.\par
\ldblquote Stand back,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, who was rolling up his jade-green sleeves.\par
\ldblquote No \emdash  don\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry weakly, but Lockhart was twirling his wand and a second later had directed it straight at Harry\rquote s arm.\par
A strange and unpleasant sensation started at Harry\rquote s shoulder and spread all the way down to his fingertips. It felt as though his arm was being deflated. He didn\rquote t dare look at what was happen\-ing. He had shut his eyes, his face turned away from his arm, but his worst fears were realized as the people above him gasped and Colin Creevey began clicking away madly. His arm didn\rquote t hurt any\-more \emdash  nor did it feel remotely like an arm.\par
\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Lockhart. \ldblquote Yes. Well, that can sometimes happen. But the point is, the bones are no longer broken. That\rquote s the thing to bear in mind. So, Harry, just toddle up to the hospital wing \emdash  ah, Mr. Weasley, Miss Granger, would you escort him? \emdash  and Madam Pomfrey will be able to \emdash  er \emdash  tidy you up a bit.\rdblquote\par
As Harry got to his feet, he felt strangely lopsided. Taking a deep breath he looked down at his right side. What he saw nearly made him pass out again.\par
Poking out of the end of his robes was what looked like a thick, flesh-colored rubber glove. He tried to move his fingers. Nothing happened.\par
Lockhart hadn\rquote t mended Harry\rquote s bones. He had removed them.\par
\par
\lang1033 Madam Pomfrey wasn\rquote t at all pleased.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote You should have come straight to me!\rdblquote  she raged, holding up the sad, limp remainder of what, half an hour before, had been a working arm. \ldblquote I can mend bones in a second \emdash  but growing them back \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You will be able to, won\rquote t you?\rdblquote  said Harry desperately.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll be able to, certainly, but it will be painful,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey grimly, throwing Harry a pair of pajamas. \ldblquote You\rquote ll have to stay the night. \'85\rdblquote\par
Hermione waited outside the curtain drawn around Harry\rquote s bed while Ron helped him into his pajamas. It took a while to stuff the rubbery, boneless arm into a sleeve.\par
\ldblquote How can you stick up for Lockhart now, Hermione, eh?\rdblquote  Ron called through the curtain as he pulled Harry\rquote s limp fingers through the cuff. \ldblquote If Harry had wanted deboning he would have asked.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Anyone can make a mistake,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote And it doesn\rquote t hurt anymore, does it, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, getting into bed. \ldblquote But it doesn\rquote t do anything else either.\rdblquote\par
As he swung himself onto the bed, his arm flapped pointlessly.\par
Hermione and Madam Pomfrey came around the curtain. Madam Pomfrey was holding a large bottle of something labeled \i Skele\i0 -\i Gro.\i0\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re in for a rough night,\rdblquote  she said, pouring out a steaming beakerful and handing it to him. \ldblquote Regrowing bones is a nasty busi\-ness.\rdblquote\par
So was taking the Skele-Gro. It burned Harry\rquote s mouth and throat as it went down, making him cough and splutter. Still tut-tutting about dangerous sports and inept teachers, Madam Pomfrey retreated, leaving Ron and Hermione to help Harry gulp down some water.\par
\ldblquote We won, though,\rdblquote  said Ron, a grin breaking across his face. \ldblquote That was some catch you made. Malfoy\rquote s face \'85 he looked ready to kill. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I want to know how he fixed that Bludger,\rdblquote  said Hermione darkly.\par
\ldblquote We can add that to the list of questions we\rquote ll ask him when we\rquote ve taken the Polyjuice Potion,\rdblquote  said Harry, sinking back onto his pillows. \ldblquote I hope it tastes better than this stuff. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote If it\rquote s got bits of Slytherins in it? You\rquote ve got to be joking,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
The door of the hospital wing burst open at that moment. Filthy and soaking wet, the rest of the Gryffindor team had arrived to see Harry.\par
\ldblquote Unbelievable flying, Harry,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote I\rquote ve just seen Mar\-cus Flint yelling at Malfoy. Something about having the Snitch on top of his head and not noticing. Malfoy didn\rquote t seem too happy.\rdblquote\par
They had brought cakes, sweets, and bottles of pumpkin juice; they gathered around Harry\rquote s bed and were just getting started on what promised to be a good party when Madam Pomfrey came storming over, shouting, \ldblquote This boy needs rest, he\rquote s got thirty-three bones to regrow! Out! OUT!\rdblquote\par
And Harry was left alone, with nothing to distract him from the stabbing pains in his limp arm.\par
\par
\lang1033 Hours and hours later, Harry woke quite suddenly in the pitch blackness and gave a small yelp of pain: His arm now felt full of large splinters. For a second, he thought that was what had woken him. Then, with a thrill of horror, he realized that someone was sponging his forehead in the dark.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Get off!\rdblquote  he said loudly, and then, \ldblquote\i Dobby\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The house-elf\rquote s goggling tennis ball eyes were peering at Harry through the darkness. A single tear was running down his long, pointed nose.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter came back to school,\rdblquote  he whispered miserably. \ldblquote Dobby warned and warned Harry Potter. Ah sir, why didn\rquote t you heed Dobby? Why didn\rquote t Harry Potter go back home when he missed the train?\rdblquote\par
Harry heaved himself up on his pillows and pushed Dobby\rquote s sponge away.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote re you doing here?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote And how did you know I missed the train?\rdblquote\par
Dobby\rquote s lip trembled and Harry was seized by a sudden suspi\-cion.\par
\ldblquote It was \i you\i0 !\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote\i You\i0  stopped the barrier from letting us through!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Indeed yes, sir,\rdblquote  said Dobby, nodding his head vigorously, ears flapping. \ldblquote Dobby hid and watched for Harry Potter and sealed the gateway and Dobby had to iron his hands afterward\rdblquote  \emdash  he showed Harry ten long, bandaged fingers \emdash  \ldblquote but Dobby didn\rquote t care, sir, for he thought Harry Potter was safe, and \i never\i0  did Dobby dream that Harry Potter would get to school another way!\rdblquote\par
He was rocking backward and forward, shaking his ugly head.\par
\ldblquote Dobby was so shocked when he heard Harry Potter was back at Hogwarts, he let his master\rquote s dinner burn! Such a flogging Dobby never had, sir. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry slumped back onto his pillows.\par
\ldblquote You nearly got Ron and me expelled,\rdblquote  he said fiercely. \ldblquote You\rquote d better get lost before my bones come back, Dobby, or I might strangle you.\rdblquote\par
Dobby smiled weakly.\par
\ldblquote Dobby is used to death threats, sir. Dobby gets them five times a day at home.\rdblquote\par
He blew his nose on a corner of the filthy pillowcase he wore, looking so pathetic that Harry felt his anger ebb away in spite of himself.\par
\ldblquote Why d\rquote you wear that thing, Dobby?\rdblquote  he asked curiously.\par
\ldblquote This, sir?\rdblquote  said Dobby, plucking at the pillowcase. \ldblquote  \rquote Tis a mark of the house-elf\rquote s enslavement, sir. Dobby can only be freed if his masters present him with clothes, sir. The family is careful not to pass Dobby even a sock, sir, for then he would be free to leave their house forever.\rdblquote\par
Dobby mopped his bulging eyes and said suddenly, \ldblquote Harry Pot\-ter \i must \i0 go home! Dobby thought his Bludger would be enough to make \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Your\i0  Bludger?\rdblquote  said Harry, anger rising once more. \ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, \i your\i0  Bludger? \i You\i0  made that Bludger try and kill me?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not kill you, sir, never kill you!\rdblquote  said Dobby, shocked. \ldblquote Dobby wants to save Harry Potter\rquote s life! Better sent home, grievously in\-jured, than remain here, sir! Dobby only wanted Harry Potter hurt enough to be sent home!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, is that all?\rdblquote  said Harry angrily. \ldblquote I don\rquote t suppose you\rquote re go\-ing to tell me \i why\i0  you wanted me sent home in pieces?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, if Harry Potter only knew!\rdblquote  Dobby groaned, more tears dripping onto his ragged pillowcase. \ldblquote If he knew what he means to us, to the lowly, the enslaved, we dregs of the magical world! Dobby remembers how it was when He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was at the height of his powers, sir! We house-elves were treated like vermin, sir! Of course, Dobby is still treated like that, sir,\rdblquote  he admitted, drying his face on the pillowcase. \ldblquote But mostly, sir, life has improved for my kind since you triumphed over He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. Harry Potter survived, and the Dark Lord\rquote s power was broken, and it was a new dawn, sir, and Harry Potter shone like a beacon of hope for those of us who thought the Dark days would never end, sir. \'85 And now, at Hogwarts, terrible things are to happen, are perhaps happening already, and Dobby cannot let Harry Potter stay here now that history is to repeat itself, now that the Chamber of Secrets is open once more \emdash\rdblquote\par
Dobby froze, horrorstruck, then grabbed Harry\rquote s water jug from his bedside table and cracked it over his own head, toppling out of sight. A second later, he crawled back onto the bed, cross-eyed, muttering, \ldblquote Bad Dobby, very bad Dobby \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So there \i is\i0  a Chamber of Secrets?\rdblquote  Harry whispered. \ldblquote And \emdash  did you say it\rquote s been opened \i before\i0 ? \i Tell\i0  me, Dobby!\rdblquote\par
He seized the elf\rquote s bony wrist as Dobby\rquote s hand inched toward the water jug. \ldblquote But I\rquote m not Muggle-born \emdash  how can I be in dan\-ger from the Chamber?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ah, sir, ask no more, ask no more of poor Dobby,\rdblquote  stammered the elf, his eyes huge in the dark. \ldblquote Dark deeds are planned in this place, but Harry Potter must not be here when they happen \emdash  go home, Harry Potter, go home. Harry Potter must not meddle in this, sir, \rquote tis too dangerous \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who is it, Dobby?\rdblquote  Harry said, keeping a firm hold on Dobby\rquote s wrist to stop him from hitting himself with the water jug again. \ldblquote Who\rquote s opened it? Who opened it last time?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Dobby can\rquote t, sir, Dobby can\rquote t, Dobby mustn\rquote t tell!\rdblquote  squealed the elf. \ldblquote Go home, Harry Potter, go home!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m not going anywhere!\rdblquote  said Harry fiercely. \ldblquote One of my best friends is Muggle-born; she\rquote ll be first in line if the Chamber really has been opened \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter risks his own life for his friends!\rdblquote  moaned Dobby in a kind of miserable ecstasy. \ldblquote So noble! So valiant! But he must save himself, he must, Harry Potter must not \emdash\rdblquote\par
Dobby suddenly froze, his bat ears quivering. Harry heard it, too. There were footsteps coming down the passageway outside.\par
\ldblquote Dobby must go!\rdblquote  breathed the elf, terrified. There was a loud crack, and Harry\rquote s fist was suddenly clenched on thin air. He slumped back into bed, his eyes on the dark doorway to the hospi\-tal wing as the footsteps drew nearer.\par
Next moment, Dumbledore was backing into the dormitory, wearing a long woolly dressing gown and a nightcap. He was carry\-ing one end of what looked like a statue. Professor McGonagall appeared a second later, carrying its feet. Together, they heaved it onto a bed.\par
\ldblquote Get Madam Pomfrey,\rdblquote  whispered Dumbledore, and Professor McGonagall hurried past the end of Harry\rquote s bed out of sight. Harry lay quite still, pretending to be asleep. He heard urgent voices, and then Professor McGonagall swept back into view, closely followed by Madam Pomfrey, who was pulling a cardigan on over her night\-dress. He heard a sharp intake of breath.\par
\ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote  Madam Pomfrey whispered to Dumbledore, bending over the statue on the bed.\par
\ldblquote Another attack,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Minerva found him on the stairs.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There was a bunch of grapes next to him,\rdblquote  said Professor Mc\-Gonagall. \ldblquote We think he was trying to sneak up here to visit Potter.\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s stomach gave a horrible lurch. Slowly and carefully, he raised himself a few inches so he could look at the statue on the bed. A ray of moonlight lay across its staring face.\par
It was Colin Creevey. His eyes were wide and his hands were stuck up in front of him, holding his camera.\par
\ldblquote Petrified?\rdblquote  whispered Madam Pomfrey.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote But I shudder to think \'85 If Albus hadn\rquote t been on the way downstairs for hot chocolate \emdash  who knows what might have \emdash\rdblquote\par
The three of them stared down at Colin. Then Dumbledore leaned forward and wrenched the camera out of Colin\rquote s rigid grip.\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t think he managed to get a picture of his attacker?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall eagerly.\par
Dumbledore didn\rquote t answer. He opened the back of the camera.\par
\ldblquote Good gracious!\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey.\par
A jet of steam had hissed out of the camera. Harry, three beds away, caught the acrid smell of burnt plastic.\par
\ldblquote Melted,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey wonderingly. \ldblquote All melted \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What does this \i mean,\i0  Albus?\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall asked ur\-gently.\par
\ldblquote It means,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, \ldblquote that the Chamber of Secrets is indeed open again.\rdblquote\par
Madam Pomfrey clapped a hand to her mouth. Professor McGonagall stared at Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote But, Albus \'85 surely \'85 \i who\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The question is not \i who\i0 ,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, his eyes on Colin. \ldblquote The question is, \i how. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
And from what Harry could see of Professor McGonagall\rquote s shad\-owy face, she didn\rquote t understand this any better than he did.\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 11\par
The Dueling Club\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
Harry woke up on Sunday morning to find the dormitory blazing with winter sunlight and his arm reboned but very stiff. He sat up quickly and looked over at Colin\rquote s bed, but it had been blocked from view by the high curtains Harry had changed behind yesterday. Seeing that he was awake, Madam Pom\-frey came bustling over with a breakfast tray and then began bend\-ing and stretching his arm and fingers.\par
\ldblquote All in order,\rdblquote  she said as he clumsily fed himself porridge left-handed. \ldblquote When you\rquote ve finished eating, you may leave.\rdblquote\par
Harry dressed as quickly as he could and hurried off to Gryf\-findor Tower, desperate to tell Ron and Hermione about Colin and Dobby, but they weren\rquote t there. Harry left to look for them, wondering where they could have got to and feeling slightly hurt that they weren\rquote t interested in whether he had his bones back or not.\par
As Harry passed the library, Percy Weasley strolled out of it, looking in far better spirits than last time they\rquote d met.\par
\ldblquote Oh, hello, Harry,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Excellent flying yesterday, really ex\-cellent. Gryffindor has just taken the lead for the House Cup \emdash  you earned fifty points!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You haven\rquote t seen Ron or Hermione, have you?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote No, I haven\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Percy, his smile fading. \ldblquote I hope Ron\rquote s not in another \i girls\rquote  toilet. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry forced a laugh, watched Percy walk out of sight, and then headed straight for Moaning Myrtle\rquote s bathroom. He couldn\rquote t see why Ron and Hermione would be in there again, but after making sure that neither Filch nor any prefects were around, he opened the door and heard their voices coming from a locked stall.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s me,\rdblquote  he said, closing the door behind him. There was a clunk, a splash, and a gasp from within the stall and he saw Hermione\rquote s eye peering through the keyhole.\par
\ldblquote\i Harry\i0 !\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote You gave us such a fright \emdash  come in \emdash  how\rquote s your arm?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  said Harry, squeezing into the stall. An old cauldron was perched on the toilet, and a crackling from under the rim told Harry they had lit a fire beneath it. Conjuring up portable, water\-proof fires was a speciality of Hermione\rquote s.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote d\rquote ve come to meet you, but we decided to get started on the Polyjuice Potion,\rdblquote  Ron explained as Harry, with difficulty, locked the stall again. \ldblquote We\rquote ve decided this is the safest place to hide it.\rdblquote\par
Harry started to tell them about Colin, but Hermione inter\-rupted.\par
\ldblquote We already know \emdash  we heard Professor McGonagall telling Professor Flitwick this morning. That\rquote s why we decided we\rquote d better get going \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The sooner we get a confession out of Malfoy, the better,\rdblquote  snarled Ron. \ldblquote D\rquote you know what I think? He was in such a foul temper after the Quidditch match, he took it out on Colin.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s something else,\rdblquote  said Harry, watching Hermione tear\-ing bundles of knotgrass and throwing them into the potion. \ldblquote Dobby came to visit me in the middle of the night.\rdblquote\par
Ron and Hermione looked up, amazed. Harry told them every\-thing Dobby had told him \emdash  or hadn\rquote t told him. Hermione and Ron listened with their mouths open.\par
\ldblquote The Chamber of Secrets has been opened \i before\i0 ?\rdblquote  Hermione said.\par
\ldblquote This settles it,\rdblquote  said Ron in a triumphant voice. \ldblquote Lucius Malfoy must\rquote ve opened the Chamber when he was at school here and now he\rquote s told dear old Draco how to do it. It\rquote s obvious. Wish Dobby\rquote d told you what kind of monster\rquote s in there, though. I want to know how come nobody\rquote s noticed it sneaking around the school.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe it can make itself invisible,\rdblquote  said Hermione, prodding leeches to the bottom of the cauldron. \ldblquote Or maybe it can disguise itself \emdash  pretend to be a suit of armor or something \emdash  I\rquote ve read about Chameleon Ghouls \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You read too much, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron, pouring dead lacewings on top of the leeches. He crumpled up the empty lacewing bag and looked at Harry.\par
\ldblquote So Dobby stopped us from getting on the train and broke your arm. \'85\rdblquote  He shook his head. \ldblquote You know what, Harry? If he doesn\rquote t stop trying to save your life he\rquote s going to kill you.\rdblquote\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc *   *   *\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\b0 The news that Colin Creevey had been attacked and was now lying as though dead in the hospital wing had spread through the entire school by Monday morning. The air was suddenly thick with ru\-mor and suspicion. The first years were now moving around the castle in tight-knit groups, as though scared they would be attacked if they ventured forth alone.\par
Ginny Weasley, who sat next to Colin Creevey in Charms, was distraught, but Harry felt that Fred and George were going the wrong way about cheering her up. They were taking turns covering themselves with fur or boils and jumping out at her from behind statues. They only stopped when Percy, apoplectic with rage, told them he was going to write to Mrs. Weasley and tell her Ginny was having nightmares.\par
Meanwhile, hidden from the teachers, a roaring trade in talis\-mans, amulets, and other protective devices was sweeping the school. Neville Longbottom bought a large, evil-smelling green onion, a pointed purple crystal, and a rotting newt tail before the other Gryffindor boys pointed out that he was in no danger; he was a pureblood, and therefore unlikely to be attacked.\par
\ldblquote They went for Filch first,\rdblquote  Neville said, his round face fearful. \ldblquote And everyone knows I\rquote m almost a Squib.\rdblquote\par
\par
In the second week of December Professor McGonagall came around as usual, collecting names of those who would be staying at school for Christmas. Harry, Ron, and Hermione signed her list; they had heard that Malfoy was staying, which struck them as very suspicious. The holidays would be the perfect time to use the Polyjuice Potion and try to worm a confession out of him.\par
Unfortunately, the potion was only half finished. They still needed the bicorn horn and the boomslang skin, and the only place they were going to get them was from Snape\rquote s private stores. Harry privately felt he\rquote d rather face Slytherin\rquote s legendary monster than let Snape catch him robbing his office.\par
\ldblquote What we need,\rdblquote  said Hermione briskly as Thursday afternoon\rquote s double Potions lesson loomed nearer, \ldblquote is a diversion. Then one of us can sneak into Snape\rquote s office and take what we need.\rdblquote\par
Harry and Ron looked at her nervously.\par
\ldblquote I think I\rquote d better do the actual stealing,\rdblquote  Hermione continued in a matter-of-fact tone. \ldblquote You two will be expelled if you get into any more trouble, and I\rquote ve got a clean record. So all you need to do is cause enough mayhem to keep Snape busy for five minutes or so.\rdblquote\par
Harry smiled feebly. Deliberately causing mayhem in Snape\rquote s Potions class was about as safe as poking a sleeping dragon in the eye.\par
Potions lessons took place in one of the large dungeons. Thurs\-day afternoon\rquote s lesson proceeded in the usual way. Twenty caul\-drons stood steaming between the wooden desks, on which stood brass scales and jars of ingredients. Snape prowled through the fumes, making waspish remarks about the Gryffindors\rquote  work while the Slytherins sniggered appreciatively. Draco Malfoy, who was Snape\rquote s favorite student, kept flicking puffer-fish eyes at Ron and Harry, who knew that if they retaliated they would get detention faster than you could say \ldblquote Unfair.\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s Swelling Solution was far too runny, but he had his mind on more important things. He was waiting for Hermione\rquote s signal, and he hardly listened as Snape paused to sneer at his watery potion. When Snape turned and walked off to bully Neville, Hermione caught Harry\rquote s eye and nodded.\par
Harry ducked swiftly down behind his cauldron, pulled one of Fred\rquote s Filibuster fireworks out of his pocket, and gave it a quick prod with his wand. The firework began to fizz and sputter. Knowing he had only seconds, Harry straightened up, took aim, and lobbed it into the air; it landed right on target in Goyle\rquote s cauldron.\par
Goyle\rquote s potion exploded, showering the whole class. People shrieked as splashes of the Swelling Solution hit them. Malfoy got a faceful and his nose began to swell like a balloon; Goyle blun\-dered around, his hands over his eyes, which had expanded to the size of a dinner plate \emdash  Snape was trying to restore calm and find out what had happened. Through the confusion, Harry saw Her\-mione slip quietly into Snape\rquote s office.\par
\ldblquote Silence! SILENCE!\rdblquote  Snape roared. \ldblquote Anyone who has been splashed, come here for a Deflating Draught \emdash  when I find out who did this \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry tried not to laugh as he watched Malfoy hurry forward, his head drooping with the weight of a nose like a small melon. As half the class lumbered up to Snape\rquote s desk, some weighted down with arms like clubs, others unable to talk through gigantic puffed-up lips, Harry saw Hermione slide back into the dungeon, the front of her robes bulging.\par
When everyone had taken a swig of antidote and the various swellings had subsided, Snape swept over to Goyle\rquote s cauldron and scooped out the twisted black remains of the firework. There was a sudden hush.\par
\ldblquote If I ever find out who threw this,\rdblquote  Snape whispered, \ldblquote I shall \i make sure\i0  that person is expelled.\rdblquote\par
Harry arranged his face into what he hoped was a puzzled ex\-pression. Snape was looking right at him, and the bell that rang ten minutes later could not have been more welcome.\par
\ldblquote He knew it was me,\rdblquote  Harry told Ron and Hermione as they hurried back to Moaning Myrtle\rquote s bathroom. \ldblquote I could tell.\rdblquote\par
Hermione threw the new ingredients into the cauldron and be\-gan to stir feverishly.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote ll be ready in two weeks,\rdblquote  she said happily.\par
\ldblquote Snape can\rquote t prove it was you,\rdblquote  said Ron reassuringly to Harry. \ldblquote What can he do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Knowing Snape, something foul,\rdblquote  said Harry as the potion frothed and bubbled.\par
\par
A week later, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were walking across the entrance hall when they saw a small knot of people gathered around the notice board, reading a piece of parchment that had just been pinned up. Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas beck\-oned them over, looking excited.\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re starting a Dueling Club!\rdblquote  said Seamus. \ldblquote First meeting tonight! I wouldn\rquote t mind dueling lessons; they might come in handy one of these days. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What, you reckon Slytherin\rquote s monster can duel?\rdblquote  said Ron, but he, too, read the sign with interest.\par
\ldblquote Could be useful,\rdblquote  he said to Harry and Hermione as they went into dinner. \ldblquote Shall we go?\rdblquote\par
Harry and Hermione were all for it, so at eight o\rquote clock that evening they hurried back to the Great Hall. The long dining tables had vanished and a golden stage had appeared along one wall, lit by thousands of candles floating overhead. The ceiling was velvety black once more and most of the school seemed to be packed be\-neath it, all carrying their wands and looking excited.\par
\ldblquote I wonder who\rquote ll be teaching us?\rdblquote  said Hermione as they edged into the chattering crowd. \ldblquote Someone told me Flitwick was a duel\-ing champion when he was young \emdash  maybe it\rquote ll be him.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote As long as it\rquote s not \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began, but he ended on a groan: Gilderoy Lockhart was walking onto the stage, resplendent in robes of deep plum and accompanied by none other than Snape, wearing his usual black.\par
Lockhart waved an arm for silence and called, \ldblquote Gather round, gather round! Can everyone see me? Can you all hear me? Excel\-lent!\par
\ldblquote Now, Professor Dumbledore has granted me permission to start this little dueling club, to train you all in case you ever need to de\-fend yourselves as I myself have done on countless occasions \emdash  for full details, see my published works.\par
\ldblquote Let me introduce my assistant, Professor Snape,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, flashing a wide smile. \ldblquote He tells me he knows a tiny little bit about dueling himself and has sportingly agreed to help me with a short demonstration before we begin. Now, I don\rquote t want any of you youngsters to worry \emdash  you\rquote ll still have your Potions master when I\rquote m through with him, never fear!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wouldn\rquote t it be good if they finished each other off?\rdblquote  Ron mut\-tered in Harry\rquote s ear.\par
Snape\rquote s upper lip was curling. Harry wondered why Lockhart was still smiling; if Snape had been looking at \i him\i0  like that he\rquote d have been running as fast as he could in the opposite direction.\par
Lockhart and Snape turned to face each other and bowed; at least, Lockhart did, with much twirling of his hands, whereas Snape jerked his head irritably. Then they raised their wands like swords in front of them.\par
\ldblquote As you see, we are holding our wands in the accepted combat\-ive position,\rdblquote  Lockhart told the silent crowd. \ldblquote On the count of three, we will cast our first spells. Neither of us will be aiming to kill, of course.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t bet on that,\rdblquote  Harry murmured, watching Snape bar\-ing his teeth.\par
\ldblquote One \emdash  two \emdash  three \emdash\rdblquote\par
Both of them swung their wands above their heads and pointed them at their opponent; Snape cried: \ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote  There was a dazzling flash of scarlet light and Lockhart was blasted off his feet: He flew backward off the stage, smashed into the wall, and slid down it to sprawl on the floor.\par
Malfoy and some of the other Slytherins cheered. Hermione was dancing on tiptoes. \ldblquote Do you think he\rquote s all right?\rdblquote  she squealed through her fingers.\par
\ldblquote Who cares?\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron together.\par
Lockhart was getting unsteadily to his feet. His hat had fallen off and his wavy hair was standing on end.\par
\ldblquote Well, there you have it!\rdblquote  he said, tottering back onto the plat\-form. \ldblquote That was a Disarming Charm \emdash  as you see, I\rquote ve lost my wand \emdash  ah, thank you, Miss Brown \emdash  yes, an excellent idea to show them that, Professor Snape, but if you don\rquote t mind my saying so, it was very obvious what you were about to do. If I had wanted to stop you it would have been only too easy \emdash  however, I felt it would be instructive to let them see \'85\rdblquote\par
Snape was looking murderous. Possibly Lockhart had noticed, because he said, \ldblquote Enough demonstrating! I\rquote m going to come amongst you now and put you all into pairs. Professor Snape, if you\rquote d like to help me \emdash\rdblquote\par
They moved through the crowd, matching up partners. Lock\-hart teamed Neville with Justin Finch-Fletchley, but Snape reached Harry and Ron first.\par
\ldblquote Time to split up the dream team, I think,\rdblquote  he sneered. \ldblquote Weasley, you can partner Finnigan. Potter \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry moved automatically toward Hermione.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think so,\rdblquote  said Snape, smiling coldly. \ldblquote Mr. Malfoy, come over here. Let\rquote s see what you make of the famous Potter. And you, Miss Granger \emdash  you can partner Miss Bulstrode.\rdblquote\par
Malfoy strutted over, smirking. Behind him walked a Slytherin girl who reminded Harry of a picture he\rquote d seen in \i Holidays with Hags.\i0  She was large and square and her heavy jaw jutted aggres\-sively. Hermione gave her a weak smile that she did not return.\par
\ldblquote Face your partners!\rdblquote  called Lockhart, back on the platform. \ldblquote And bow!\rdblquote\par
Harry and Malfoy barely inclined their heads, not taking their eyes off each other.\par
\ldblquote Wands at the ready!\rdblquote  shouted Lockhart. \ldblquote When I count to three, cast your charms to disarm your opponents \emdash  \i only\i0  to dis\-arm them \emdash  we don\rquote t want any accidents \emdash  one \'85 two \'85 three \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry swung his wand high, but Malfoy had already started on \ldblquote two\rdblquote : His spell hit Harry so hard he felt as though he\rquote d been hit over the head with a saucepan. He stumbled, but everything still seemed to be working, and wasting no more time, Harry pointed his wand straight at Malfoy and shouted, \ldblquote\i Rictusempra\i0 !\rdblquote\par
A jet of silver light hit Malfoy in the stomach and he doubled up, wheezing.\par
\ldblquote\i I said disarm only\i0 !\rdblquote  Lockhart shouted in alarm over the heads of the battling crowd, as Malfoy sank to his knees; Harry had hit him with a Tickling Charm, and he could barely move for laugh\-ing. Harry hung back, with a vague feeling it would be unsporting to bewitch Malfoy while he was on the floor, but this was a mis\-take; gasping for breath, Malfoy pointed his wand at Harry\rquote s knees, choked, \ldblquote\i Tarantallegra\i0 !\rdblquote  and the next second Harry\rquote s legs began to jerk around out of his control in a kind of quickstep.\par
\ldblquote Stop! Stop!\rdblquote  screamed Lockhart, but Snape took charge.\par
\ldblquote\i Finite Incantatem\i0 !\rdblquote  he shouted; Harry\rquote s feet stopped dancing, Malfoy stopped laughing, and they were able to look up.\par
A haze of greenish smoke was hovering over the scene. Both Neville and Justin were lying on the floor, panting; Ron was hold\-ing up an ashen-faced Seamus, apologizing for whatever his broken wand had done; but Hermione and Millicent Bulstrode were still moving; Millicent had Hermione in a headlock and Hermione was whimpering in pain; both their wands lay forgotten on the floor. Harry leapt forward and pulled Millicent off. It was difficult: She was a lot bigger than he was.\par
\ldblquote Dear, dear,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, skittering through the crowd, look\-ing at the aftermath of the duels. \ldblquote Up you go, Macmillan. \'85 Careful there, Miss Fawcett. \'85 Pinch it hard, it\rquote ll stop bleeding in a second, Boot \emdash\par
\ldblquote I think I\rquote d better teach you how to \i block\i0  unfriendly spells,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, standing flustered in the midst of the hall. He glanced at Snape, whose black eyes glinted, and looked quickly away. \ldblquote Let\rquote s have a volunteer pair \emdash  Longbottom and Finch-Fletchley, how about you \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A bad idea, Professor Lockhart,\rdblquote  said Snape, gliding over like a large and malevolent bat. \ldblquote Longbottom causes devastation with the simplest spells. We\rquote ll be sending what\rquote s left of Finch-Fletchley up to the hospital wing in a matchbox.\rdblquote  Neville\rquote s round, pink face went pinker. \ldblquote How about Malfoy and Potter?\rdblquote  said Snape with a twisted smile.\par
\ldblquote Excellent idea!\rdblquote  said Lockhart, gesturing Harry and Malfoy into the middle of the hall as the crowd backed away to give them room.\par
\ldblquote Now, Harry,\rdblquote  said Lockhart. \ldblquote When Draco points his wand at you, you do \i this.\i0\rdblquote\par
He raised his own wand, attempted a complicated sort of wig\-gling action, and dropped it. Snape smirked as Lockhart quickly picked it up, saying, \ldblquote Whoops \emdash  my wand is a little overex\-cited \emdash\rdblquote\par
Snape moved closer to Malfoy, bent down, and whispered some\-thing in his ear. Malfoy smirked, too. Harry looked up nervously at Lockhart and said, \ldblquote Professor, could you show me that blocking thing again?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Scared?\rdblquote  muttered Malfoy, so that Lockhart couldn\rquote t hear him.\par
\ldblquote You wish,\rdblquote  said Harry out of the corner of his mouth.\par
Lockhart cuffed Harry merrily on the shoulder. \ldblquote Just do what I did, Harry!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What, drop my wand?\rdblquote\par
But Lockhart wasn\rquote t listening.\par
\ldblquote Three \emdash  two \emdash  one \emdash  go!\rdblquote  he shouted.\par
Malfoy raised his wand quickly and bellowed, \ldblquote\i Serpensortia\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The end of his wand exploded. Harry watched, aghast, as a long black snake shot out of it, fell heavily onto the floor between them, and raised itself, ready to strike. There were screams as the crowd backed swiftly away, clearing the floor.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t move, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape lazily, clearly enjoying the sight of Harry standing motionless, eye to eye with the angry snake. \ldblquote I\rquote ll get rid of it. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Allow me!\rdblquote  shouted Lockhart. He brandished his wand at the snake and there was a loud bang; the snake, instead of vanishing, flew ten feet into the air and fell back to the floor with a loud smack. Enraged, hissing furiously, it slithered straight toward Justin Finch-Fletchley and raised itself again, fangs exposed, poised to strike.\par
Harry wasn\rquote t sure what made him do it. He wasn\rquote t even aware of deciding to do it. All he knew was that his legs were carrying him forward as though he was on casters and that he had shouted stu\-pidly at the snake, \ldblquote Leave him alone!\rdblquote  And miraculously \emdash  inex\-plicably \emdash  the snake slumped to the floor, docile as a thick, black garden hose, its eyes now on Harry. Harry felt the fear drain out of him. He knew the snake wouldn\rquote t attack anyone now, though how he knew it, he couldn\rquote t have explained.\par
He looked up at Justin, grinning, expecting to see Justin looking relieved, or puzzled, or even grateful \emdash  but certainly not angry and scared.\par
\ldblquote What do you think you\rquote re playing at?\rdblquote  he shouted, and before Harry could say anything, Justin had turned and stormed out of the hall.\par
Snape stepped forward, waved his wand, and the snake vanished in a small puff of black smoke. Snape, too, was looking at Harry in an unexpected way: It was a shrewd and calculating look, and Harry didn\rquote t like it. He was also dimly aware of an ominous muttering all around the walls. Then he felt a tugging on the back of his robes.\par
\ldblquote Come on,\rdblquote  said Ron\rquote s voice in his ear. \ldblquote Move \emdash  come \i on\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
Ron steered him out of the hall, Hermione hurrying alongside them. As they went through the doors, the people on either side drew away as though they were frightened of catching something. Harry didn\rquote t have a clue what was going on, and neither Ron nor Hermione explained anything until they had dragged him all the way up to the empty Gryffindor common room. Then Ron pushed Harry into an armchair and said, \ldblquote You\rquote re a Parselmouth. Why didn\rquote t you tell us?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m a what?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote\i A Parselmouth\i0 !\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You can talk to snakes!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I mean, that\rquote s only the second time I\rquote ve ever done it. I accidentally set a boa constrictor on my cousin Dud\-ley at the zoo once \emdash  long story \emdash  but it was telling me it had never seen Brazil and I sort of set it free without meaning to \emdash  that was before I knew I was a wizard \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote A boa constrictor told you it had never seen Brazil?\rdblquote  Ron re\-peated faintly.\par
\ldblquote So?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I bet loads of people here can do it.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, no they can\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s not a very common gift. Harry, this is bad.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s bad?\rdblquote  said Harry, starting to feel quite angry. \ldblquote What\rquote s wrong with everyone? Listen, if I hadn\rquote t told that snake not to at\-tack Justin \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, that\rquote s what you said to it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean? You were there \emdash  you heard me \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I heard you speaking Parseltongue,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Snake language. You could have been saying anything \emdash  no wonder Justin pan\-icked, you sounded like you were egging the snake on or some\-thing \emdash  it was creepy, you know \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry gaped at him.\par
\ldblquote I spoke a different language? But \emdash  I didn\rquote t realize \emdash  how can I speak a language without knowing I can speak it?\rdblquote\par
Ron shook his head. Both he and Hermione were looking as though someone had died. Harry couldn\rquote t see what was so terrible.\par
\ldblquote D\rquote you want to tell me what\rquote s wrong with stopping a massive snake biting off Justin\rquote s head?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote What does it matter \i how\i0  I did it as long as Justin doesn\rquote t have to join the Headless Hunt?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It matters,\rdblquote  said Hermione, speaking at last in a hushed voice, \ldblquote because being able to talk to snakes was what Salazar Slytherin was famous for. That\rquote s why the symbol of Slytherin House is a serpent.\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s mouth fell open.\par
\ldblquote Exactly,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote And now the whole school\rquote s going to think you\rquote re his great-great-great-great-grandson or something \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But I\rquote m not,\rdblquote  said Harry, with a panic he couldn\rquote t quite explain.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll find that hard to prove,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote He lived about a thousand years ago; for all we know, you could be.\rdblquote\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc *   *   *\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\b0 Harry lay awake for hours that night. Through a gap in the cur\-tains around his four-poster he watched snow starting to drift past the tower window and wondered \'85\i\par
Could\i0  he be a descendant of Salazar Slytherin? He didn\rquote t know anything about his father\rquote s family, after all. The Dursleys had al\-ways forbidden questions about his wizarding relatives.\par
Quietly, Harry tried to say something in Parseltongue. The words wouldn\rquote t come. It seemed he had to be face-to-face with a snake to do it.\i\par
But I\rquote m in\i0  Gryffindor, Harry thought. \i The Sorting Hat wouldn\rquote t have put me in here if I had Slytherin blood. \'85\par
Ah\i0 , said a nasty little voice in his brain, \i but the Sorting Hat wanted to put you in Slytherin, don\rquote t you remember\i0 ?\par
Harry turned over. He\rquote d see Justin the next day in Herbology and he\rquote d explain that he\rquote d been calling the snake off, not egging it on, which (he thought angrily, pummeling his pillow) any fool should have realized.\par
\par
By next morning, however, the snow that had begun in the night had turned into a blizzard so thick that the last Herbology lesson of the term was canceled: Professor Sprout wanted to fit socks and scarves on the Mandrakes, a tricky operation she would entrust to no one else, now that it was so important for the Mandrakes to grow quickly and revive Mrs. Norris and Colin Creevey.\par
Harry fretted about this next to the fire in the Gryffindor com\-mon room, while Ron and Hermione used their time off to play a game of wizard chess.\par
\ldblquote For heaven\rquote s sake, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione, exasperated, as one of Ron\rquote s bishops wrestled her knight off his horse and dragged him off the board. \ldblquote Go and \i find\i0  Justin if it\rquote s so important to you.\rdblquote\par
So Harry got up and left through the portrait hole, wondering where Justin might be.\par
The castle was darker than it usually was in daytime because of the thick, swirling gray snow at every window. Shivering, Harry walked past classrooms where lessons were taking place, catching snatches of what was happening within. Professor McGonagall was shouting at someone who, by the sound of it, had turned his friend into a badger. Resisting the urge to take a look, Harry walked on by, thinking that Justin might be using his free time to catch up on some work, and deciding to check the library first.\par
A group of the Hufflepuffs who should have been in Herbology were indeed sitting at the back of the library, but they didn\rquote t seem to be working. Between the long lines of high bookshelves, Harry could see that their heads were close together and they were hav\-ing what looked like an absorbing conversation. He couldn\rquote t see whether Justin was among them. He was walking toward them when something of what they were saying met his ears, and he paused to listen, hidden in the Invisibility section.\par
\ldblquote So anyway,\rdblquote  a stout boy was saying, \ldblquote I told Justin to hide up in our dormitory. I mean to say, if Potter\rquote s marked him down as his next victim, it\rquote s best if he keeps a low profile for a while. Of course, Justin\rquote s been waiting for something like this to happen ever since he let slip to Potter he was Muggle-born. Justin actually \i told\i0  him he\rquote d been down for Eton. That\rquote s not the kind of thing you bandy about with Slytherin\rquote s heir on the loose, is it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You definitely think it \i is\i0  Potter, then, Ernie?\rdblquote  said a girl with blonde pigtails anxiously.\par
\ldblquote Hannah,\rdblquote  said the stout boy solemnly, \ldblquote he\rquote s a Parselmouth. Everyone knows that\rquote s the mark of a Dark wizard. Have you ever heard of a decent one who could talk to snakes? They called Slytherin himself Serpent-tongue.\rdblquote\par
There was some heavy murmuring at this, and Ernie went on, \ldblquote Remember what was written on the wall? \i Enemies of the Heir, Be\-ware.\i0  Potter had some sort of run-in with Filch. Next thing we know, Filch\rquote s cat\rquote s attacked. That first year, Creevey, was annoying Potter at the Quidditch match, taking pictures of him while he was lying in the mud. Next thing we know \emdash  Creevey\rquote s been attacked.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He always seems so nice, though,\rdblquote  said Hannah uncertainly, \ldblquote and, well, he\rquote s the one who made You-Know-Who disappear. He can\rquote t be all bad, can he?\rdblquote\par
Ernie lowered his voice mysteriously, the Hufflepuffs bent closer, and Harry edged nearer so that he could catch Ernie\rquote s words.\par
\ldblquote No one knows how he survived that attack by You-Know-Who. I mean to say, he was only a baby when it happened. He should have been blasted into smithereens. Only a really powerful Dark wizard could have survived a curse like that.\rdblquote  He dropped his voice until it was barely more than a whisper, and said, \ldblquote\i That\rquote s\i0  probably why You-Know-Who wanted to kill him in the first place. Didn\rquote t want another Dark Lord \i competing\i0  with him. I wonder what other powers Potter\rquote s been hiding?\rdblquote\par
Harry couldn\rquote t take anymore. Clearing his throat loudly, he stepped out from behind the bookshelves. If he hadn\rquote t been feeling so angry, he would have found the sight that greeted him funny: Every one of the Hufflepuffs looked as though they had been Pet\-rified by the sight of him, and the color was draining out of Ernie\rquote s face.\par
\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote m looking for Justin Finch-Fletchley.\rdblquote\par
The Hufflepuffs\rquote  worst fears had clearly been confirmed. They all looked fearfully at Ernie.\par
\ldblquote What do you want with him?\rdblquote  said Ernie in a quavering voice.\par
\ldblquote I wanted to tell him what really happened with that snake at the Dueling Club,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Ernie bit his white lips and then, taking a deep breath, said, \ldblquote We were all there. We saw what happened.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Then you noticed that after I spoke to it, the snake backed off?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote All I saw,\rdblquote  said Ernie stubbornly, though he was trembling as he spoke, \ldblquote was you speaking Parseltongue and chasing the snake toward Justin.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I didn\rquote t chase it at him!\rdblquote  Harry said, his voice shaking with anger. \ldblquote It didn\rquote t even \i touch\i0  him!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It was a very near miss,\rdblquote  said Ernie. \ldblquote And in case you\rquote re getting ideas,\rdblquote  he added hastily, \ldblquote I might tell you that you can trace my family back through nine generations of witches and warlocks and my blood\rquote s as pure as anyone\rquote s, so \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t care what sort of blood you\rquote ve got!\rdblquote  said Harry fiercely. \ldblquote Why would I want to attack Muggle-borns?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve heard you hate those Muggles you live with,\rdblquote  said Ernie swiftly.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not possible to live with the Dursleys and not hate them,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote d like to see you try it.\rdblquote\par
He turned on his heel and stormed out of the library, earning himself a reproving glare from Madam Pince, who was polishing the gilded cover of a large spellbook.\par
Harry blundered up the corridor, barely noticing where he was going, he was in such a fury. The result was that he walked into something very large and solid, which knocked him backward onto the floor.\par
\ldblquote Oh, hello, Hagrid,\rdblquote  Harry said, looking up.\par
Hagrid\rquote s face was entirely hidden by a woolly, snow-covered bal\-aclava, but it couldn\rquote t possibly be anyone else, as he filled most of the corridor in his moleskin overcoat. A dead rooster was hanging from one of his massive, gloved hands.\par
\ldblquote All righ\rquote , Harry?\rdblquote  he said, pulling up the balaclava so he could speak. \ldblquote Why aren\rquote t yeh in class?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Canceled,\rdblquote  said Harry, getting up. \ldblquote What\rquote re you doing in here?\rdblquote\par
Hagrid held up the limp rooster.\par
\ldblquote Second one killed this term,\rdblquote  he explained. \ldblquote It\rquote s either foxes or a Blood-Suckin\rquote  Bugbear, an\rquote  I need the headmaster\rquote s permission ter put a charm around the hen coop.\rdblquote\par
He peered more closely at Harry from under his thick, snow-flecked eyebrows.\par
\ldblquote Yeh sure yeh\rquote re all righ\rquote ? Yeh look all hot an\rquote  bothered \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry couldn\rquote t bring himself to repeat what Ernie and the rest of the Hufflepuffs had been saying about him.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s nothing,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I\rquote d better get going, Hagrid, it\rquote s Trans\-figuration next and I\rquote ve got to pick up my books.\rdblquote\par
He walked off, his mind still full of what Ernie had said about him.\par
\ldblquote\i Justin\rquote s been waiting for something like this to happen ever since he let slip to Potter he was Muggle-born. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry stamped up the stairs and turned along another corridor, which was particularly dark; the torches had been extinguished by a strong, icy draft that was blowing through a loose windowpane. He was halfway down the passage when he tripped headlong over something lying on the floor.\par
He turned to squint at what he\rquote d fallen over and felt as though his stomach had dissolved.\par
Justin Finch-Fletchley was lying on the floor, rigid and cold, a look of shock frozen on his face, his eyes staring blankly at the ceil\-ing. And that wasn\rquote t all. Next to him was another figure, the strangest sight Harry had ever seen.\par
It was Nearly Headless Nick, no longer pearly-white and trans\-parent, but black and smoky, floating immobile and horizontal, six inches off the floor. His head was half off and his face wore an ex\-pression of shock identical to Justin\rquote s.\par
Harry got to his feet, his breathing fast and shallow, his heart do\-ing a kind of drumroll against his ribs. He looked wildly up and down the deserted corridor and saw a line of spiders scuttling as fast as they could away from the bodies. The only sounds were the muffled voices of teachers from the classes on either side.\par
He could run, and no one would ever know he had been there. But he couldn\rquote t just leave them lying here. \'85 He had to get help. \'85 Would anyone believe he hadn\rquote t had anything to do with this?\par
As he stood there, panicking, a door right next to him opened with a bang. Peeves the Poltergeist came shooting out.\par
\ldblquote Why, it\rquote s potty wee Potter!\rdblquote  cackled Peeves, knocking Harry\rquote s glasses askew as he bounced past him. \ldblquote What\rquote s Potter up to? Why\rquote s Potter lurking \emdash\rdblquote\par
Peeves stopped, halfway through a midair somersault. Upside down, he spotted Justin and Nearly Headless Nick. He flipped the right way up, filled his lungs and, before Harry could stop him, screamed, \ldblquote ATTACK! ATTACK! ANOTHER ATTACK! NO MORTAL OR GHOST IS SAFE! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES! ATTAAAACK!\rdblquote\par
Crash \emdash  crash \emdash  crash \emdash  door after door flew open along the corridor and people flooded out. For several long minutes, there was a scene of such confusion that Justin was in danger of being squashed and people kept standing in Nearly Headless Nick. Harry found himself pinned against the wall as the teachers shouted for quiet. Professor McGonagall came running, followed by her own class, one of whom still had black-and-white-striped hair. She used her wand to set off a loud bang, which restored silence, and ordered everyone back into their classes. No sooner had the scene cleared somewhat than Ernie the Hufflepuff arrived, panting, on the scene.\par
\ldblquote\i Caught in the act\i0 !\rdblquote  Ernie yelled, his face stark white, pointing his finger dramatically at Harry.\par
\ldblquote That will do, Macmillan!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall sharply.\par
Peeves was bobbing overhead, now grinning wickedly, surveying the scene; Peeves always loved chaos. As the teachers bent over Justin and Nearly Headless Nick, examining them, Peeves broke into song:\par
\par
\ldblquote\i Oh, Potter, you rotter, oh, what have you done,\par
You\rquote re killing off students, you think it\rquote s good fun\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s enough, Peeves!\rdblquote  barked Professor McGonagall, and Peeves zoomed away backward, with his tongue out at Harry.\par
Justin was carried up to the hospital wing by Professor Flitwick and Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy department, but nobody seemed to know what to do for Nearly Headless Nick. In the end, Professor McGonagall conjured a large fan out of thin air, which she gave to Ernie with instructions to waft Nearly Headless Nick up the stairs. This Ernie did, fanning Nick along like a silent black hovercraft. This left Harry and Professor McGonagall alone to\-gether.\par
\ldblquote This way, Potter,\rdblquote  she said.\par
\ldblquote Professor,\rdblquote  said Harry at once, \ldblquote I swear I didn\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This is out of my hands, Potter,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall curtly.\par
They marched in silence around a corner and she stopped before a large and extremely ugly stone gargoyle.\par
\ldblquote Lemon drop!\rdblquote  she said. This was evidently a password, because the gargoyle sprang suddenly to life and hopped aside as the wall behind him split in two. Even full of dread for what was coming, Harry couldn\rquote t fail to be amazed. Behind the wall was a spiral stair\-case that was moving smoothly upward, like an escalator. As he and Professor McGonagall stepped onto it, Harry heard the wall thud closed behind them. They rose upward in circles, higher and higher, until at last, slightly dizzy, Harry saw a gleaming oak door ahead, with a brass knocker in the shape of a griffin.\par
He knew now where he was being taken. This must be where Dumbledore lived.\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter12\par
The Polyjuice Potion\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033 They stepped off the stone staircase at the top, and Professor McGonagall rapped on the door. It opened silently and they entered. Professor McGonagall told Harry to wait and left him there, alone.\par
\lang3081 Harry looked around. One thing was certain: of all the teachers\rquote  offices Harry had visited so far this year, Dumbledore\rquote s was by far the most interesting. If he hadn\rquote t been scared out of his wits that he was about to be thrown out of school, he would have been very pleased to have a chance to look around it.\par
It was a large and beautiful circular room, full of funny little noises. A number of curious silver instruments stood on spindle-legged tables, whirring and emitting little puffs of smoke. The walls were covered with portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses, all of whom were snoozing gently in their frames. There was also an enormous, claw-footed desk, and, sitting on a shelf behind it, a shabby, tattered wizard\rquote s hat \emdash  the \i Sorting Hat.\i0\par
Harry hesitated. He cast a wary eye around the sleeping witches and wizards on the walls. Surely it couldn\rquote t hurt if he took the hat down and tried it on again? Just to see \'85 just to make sure it \i had \i0 put him in the right House \emdash\par
He walked quietly around the desk, lifted the hat from its shelf, and lowered it slowly onto his head. It was much too large and slipped down over his eyes, just as it had done the last time he\rquote d put it on. Harry stared at the black inside of the hat, waiting. Then a small voice said in his ear, \ldblquote Bee in your bonnet, Harry Potter?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er, yes,\rdblquote  Harry muttered. \ldblquote Er \emdash  sorry to bother you \emdash  I wanted to ask \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve been wondering whether I put you in the right House,\rdblquote  said the hat smartly. \ldblquote Yes \'85 you were particularly difficult to place. But I stand by what I said before\rdblquote  \emdash  Harry\rquote s heart leapt \emdash  \ldblquote you \i would\i0  have done well in Slytherin \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s stomach plummeted. He grabbed the point of the hat and pulled it off. It hung limply in his hand, grubby and faded. Harry pushed it back onto its shelf, feeling sick.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re wrong,\rdblquote  he said aloud to the still and silent hat. It didn\rquote t move. Harry backed away, watching it. Then a strange, gagging noise behind him made him wheel around.\par
He wasn\rquote t alone after all. Standing on a golden perch behind the door was a decrepit-looking bird that resembled a half-plucked turkey. Harry stared at it and the bird looked balefully back, mak\-ing its gagging noise again. Harry thought it looked very ill. Its eyes were dull and, even as Harry watched, a couple more feathers fell out of its tail.\par
Harry was just thinking that all he needed was for Dumbledore\rquote s pet bird to die while he was alone in the office with it, when the bird burst into flames.\par
Harry yelled in shock and backed away into the desk. He looked feverishly around in case there was a glass of water somewhere but couldn\rquote t see one; the bird, meanwhile, had become a fireball; it gave one loud shriek and next second there was nothing but a smolder\-ing pile of ash on the floor.\par
The office door opened. Dumbledore came in, looking very somber.\par
\ldblquote Professor,\rdblquote  Harry gasped. \ldblquote Your bird \emdash  I couldn\rquote t do any\-thing \emdash  he just caught fire \emdash\rdblquote\par
To Harry\rquote s astonishment, Dumbledore smiled.\par
\ldblquote About time, too,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote He\rquote s been looking dreadful for days; I\rquote ve been telling him to get a move on.\rdblquote\par
He chuckled at the stunned look on Harry\rquote s face.\par
\ldblquote Fawkes is a phoenix, Harry. Phoenixes burst into flame when it is time for them to die and are reborn from the ashes. Watch him \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry looked down in time to see a tiny, wrinkled, newborn bird poke its head out of the ashes. It was quite as ugly as the old one.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a shame you had to see him on a Burning Day,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, seating himself behind his desk. \ldblquote He\rquote s really very handsome most of the time, wonderful red and gold plumage. Fas\-cinating creatures, phoenixes. They can carry immensely heavy loads, their tears have healing powers, and they make highly \i faith\-ful\i0  pets.\rdblquote\par
In the shock of Fawkes catching fire, Harry had forgotten what he was there for, but it all came back to him as Dumbledore settled himself in the high chair behind the desk and fixed Harry with his penetrating, light-blue stare.\par
Before Dumbledore could speak another word, however, the door of the office flew open with an almighty bang and Hagrid burst in, a wild look in his eyes, his balaclava perched on top of his shaggy black head and the dead rooster still swinging from his hand.\par
\ldblquote It wasn\rquote  Harry, Professor Dumbledore!\rdblquote  said Hagrid urgently. \ldblquote I was talkin\rquote  ter him \i seconds\i0  before that kid was found, he never had time, sir \emdash\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore tried to say something, but Hagrid went ranting on, waving the rooster around in his agitation, sending feathers everywhere.\par
\ldblquote\emdash  it can\rquote t\rquote ve bin him, I\rquote ll swear it in front o\rquote  the Ministry o\rquote  Magic if I have to \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hagrid, I \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  yeh\rquote ve got the wrong boy, sir, I \i know\i0  Harry never \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Hagrid\i0 !\rdblquote  said Dumbledore loudly. \ldblquote I do \i not\i0  think that Harry at\-tacked those people.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, the rooster falling limply at his side. \ldblquote Right. I\rquote ll wait outside then, Headmaster.\rdblquote\par
And he stomped out looking embarrassed.\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t think it was me, Professor?\rdblquote  Harry repeated hopefully as Dumbledore brushed rooster feathers off his desk.\par
\ldblquote No, Harry, I don\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, though his face was somber again. \ldblquote But I still want to talk to you.\rdblquote\par
Harry waited nervously while Dumbledore considered him, the tips of his long fingers together.\par
\ldblquote I must ask you, Harry, whether there is anything you\rquote d like to tell me,\rdblquote  he said gently. \ldblquote Anything at all.\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t know what to say. He thought of Malfoy shouting, \ldblquote You\rquote ll be next, Mudbloods!\rdblquote  and of the Polyjuice Potion simmer\-ing away in Moaning Myrtle\rquote s bathroom. Then he thought of the disembodied voice he had heard twice and remembered what Ron had said: \ldblquote\i Hearing voices no one else can hear isn\rquote t a good sign, even in the wizarding world.\i0\rdblquote  He thought, too, about what everyone was saying about him, and his growing dread that he was somehow con\-nected with Salazar Slytherin. \'85\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote There isn\rquote t anything, Professor. \'85\rdblquote\par
\par
\lang1033 The double attack on Justin and Nearly Headless Nick turned what had hitherto been nervousness into real panic. Curiously, it was Nearly Headless Nick\rquote s fate that seemed to worry people most. What could possibly do that to a ghost? people asked each other; what terrible power could harm someone who was already dead? There was almost a stampede to book seats on the Hogwarts Ex\-press so that students could go home for Christmas.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote At this rate, we\rquote ll be the only ones left,\rdblquote  Ron told Harry and Hermione. \ldblquote Us, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. What a jolly holiday it\rquote s going to be.\rdblquote\par
Crabbe and Goyle, who always did whatever Malfoy did, had signed up to stay over the holidays, too. But Harry was glad that most people were leaving. He was tired of people skirting around him in the corridors, as though he were about to sprout fangs or spit poison; tired of all the muttering, pointing, and hissing as he passed.\par
Fred and George, however, found all this very funny. They went out of their way to march ahead of Harry down the corridors, shouting, \ldblquote Make way for the Heir of Slytherin, seriously evil wiz\-ard coming through. \'85\rdblquote\par
Percy was deeply disapproving of this behavior.\par
\ldblquote It is \i not\i0  a laughing matter,\rdblquote  he said coldly.\par
\ldblquote Oh, get out of the way, Percy,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote Harry\rquote s in a hurry.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, he\rquote s off to the Chamber of Secrets for a cup of tea with his fanged servant,\rdblquote  said George, chortling.\par
Ginny didn\rquote t find it amusing either.\par
\ldblquote Oh, \i don\rquote t,\i0\rdblquote  she wailed every time Fred asked Harry loudly who he was planning to attack next, or when George pretended to ward Harry off with a large clove of garlic when they met.\par
Harry didn\rquote t mind; it made him feel better that Fred and George, at least, thought the idea of his being Slytherin\rquote s heir was quite ludicrous. But their antics seemed to be aggravating Draco Malfoy, who looked increasingly sour each time he saw them at it.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s because he\rquote s \i bursting\i0  to say it\rquote s really him,\rdblquote  said Ron know\-ingly. \ldblquote You know how he hates anyone beating him at anything, and you\rquote re getting all the credit for his dirty work.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not for long,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a satisfied tone. \ldblquote The Poly\-juice Potion\rquote s nearly ready. We\rquote ll be getting the truth out of him any day now.\rdblquote\par
\par
\lang1033 At last the term ended, and a silence deep as the snow on the grounds descended on the castle. Harry found it peaceful, rather than gloomy, and enjoyed the fact that he, Hermione, and the Weasleys had the run of Gryffindor Tower, which meant they could play Exploding Snap loudly without bothering anyone, and prac\-tice dueling in private. Fred, George, and Ginny had chosen to stay at school rather than visit Bill in Egypt with Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. Percy, who disapproved of what he termed their childish behavior, didn\rquote t spend much time in the Gryffindor common room. He had already told them pompously that \i he\i0  was only staying over Christ\-mas because it was his duty as a prefect to support the teachers dur\-ing this troubled time.\par
\lang3081 Christmas morning dawned, cold and white. Harry and Ron, the only ones left in their dormitory, were woken very early by Hermione, who burst in, fully dressed and carrying presents for them both.\par
\ldblquote Wake up,\rdblquote  she said loudly, pulling back the curtains at the win\-dow.\par
\ldblquote Hermione \emdash  you\rquote re not supposed to be in here \emdash\rdblquote  said Ron, shielding his eyes against the light.\par
\ldblquote Merry Christmas to you, too,\rdblquote  said Hermione, throwing him his present. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been up for nearly an hour, adding more lace-wings to the potion. It\rquote s ready.\rdblquote\par
Harry sat up, suddenly wide awake.\par
\ldblquote Are you sure?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Positive,\rdblquote  said Hermione, shirting Scabbers the rat so that she could sit down on the end of Ron\rquote s four-poster. \ldblquote If we\rquote re going to do it, I say it should be tonight.\rdblquote\par
At that moment, Hedwig swooped into the room, carrying a very small package in her beak.\par
\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  said Harry happily as she landed on his bed. \ldblquote Are you speaking to me again?\rdblquote\par
She nibbled his ear in an affectionate sort of way, which was a far better present than the one that she had brought him, which turned out to be from the Dursleys. They had sent Harry a tooth\-pick and a note telling him to find out whether he\rquote d be able to stay at Hogwarts for the summer vacation, too.\par
The rest of Harry\rquote s Christmas presents were far more satisfac\-tory. Hagrid had sent him a large tin of treacle toffee, which Harry decided to soften by the fire before eating; Ron had given him a book called \i Flying with the Cannons,\i0  a book of interesting facts about his favorite Quidditch team, and Hermione had bought him a luxury eagle-feather quill. Harry opened the last present to find a new, hand-knitted sweater from Mrs. Weasley and a large plum cake. He read her card with a fresh surge of guilt, thinking about Mr. Weasley\rquote s car (which hadn\rquote t been seen since its crash with the Whomping Willow), and the bout of rule-breaking he and Ron were planning next.\par
\par
\lang1033 No one, not even someone dreading taking Polyjuice Potion later, could fail to enjoy Christmas dinner at Hogwarts.\par
\lang3081 The Great Hall looked magnificent. Not only were there a dozen frost-covered Christmas trees and thick streamers of holly and mistletoe crisscrossing the ceiling, but enchanted snow was falling, warm and dry, from the ceiling. Dumbledore led them in a few of his favorite carols, Hagrid booming more and more loudly with every goblet of eggnog he consumed. Percy, who hadn\rquote t noticed that Fred had bewitched his prefect badge so that it now read \ldblquote Pin-head,\rdblquote  kept asking them all what they were sniggering at. Harry didn\rquote t even care that Draco Malfoy was making loud, snide remarks about his new sweater from the Slytherin table. With a bit of luck, Malfoy would be getting his comeuppance in a few hours\rquote  time.\par
Harry and Ron had barely finished their third helpings of Christmas pudding when Hermione ushered them out of the hall to finalize their plans for the evening.\par
\ldblquote We still need a bit of the people you\rquote re changing into,\rdblquote  said Hermione matter-of-factly, as though she were sending them to the supermarket for laundry detergent. \ldblquote And obviously, it\rquote ll be best if you can get something of Crabbe\rquote s and Goyle\rquote s; they\rquote re Malfoy\rquote s best friends, he\rquote ll tell them anything. And we also need to make sure the real Crabbe and Goyle can\rquote t burst in on us while we\rquote re in\-terrogating him.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve got it all worked out,\rdblquote  she went on smoothly, ignoring Harry\rquote s and Ron\rquote s stupefied faces. She held up two plump choco\-late cakes. \ldblquote I\rquote ve filled these with a simple Sleeping Draught. All you have to do is make sure Crabbe and Goyle find them. You know how greedy they are, they\rquote re bound to eat them. Once they\rquote re asleep, pull out a few of their hairs and hide them in a broom closet.\rdblquote\par
Harry and Ron looked incredulously at each other.\par
\ldblquote Hermione, I don\rquote t think \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That could go seriously wrong \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Hermione had a steely glint in her eye not unlike the one Professor McGonagall sometimes had.\par
\ldblquote The potion will be useless without Crabbe\rquote s and Goyle\rquote s hair,\rdblquote  she said sternly. \ldblquote You do \i want\i0  to investigate Malfoy, don\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, all right, all right,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But what about you? Whose hair are you ripping out?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve already got mine!\rdblquote  said Hermione brightly, pulling a tiny bottle out of her pocket and showing them the single hair inside it. \ldblquote Remember Millicent Bulstrode wrestling with me at the Dueling Club? She left this on my robes when she was trying to strangle me! And she\rquote s gone home for Christmas \emdash  so I\rquote ll just have to tell the Slytherins I\rquote ve decided to come back.\rdblquote\par
When Hermione had bustled off to check on the Polyjuice Po\-tion again, Ron turned to Harry with a doom-laden expression.\par
\ldblquote Have you ever heard of a plan where so many things could go wrong?\rdblquote\par
\par
\lang1033 But to Harry\rquote s and Ron\rquote s utter amazement, stage one of the opera\-tion went just as smoothly as Hermione had said. They lurked in the deserted entrance hall after Christmas tea, waiting for Crabbe and Goyle who had remained alone at the Slytherin table, shovel\-ing down fourth helpings of trifle. Harry had perched the choco\-late cakes on the end of the banisters. When they spotted Crabbe and Goyle coming out of the Great Hall, Harry and Ron hid quickly behind a suit of armor next to the front door.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote How thick can you get?\rdblquote  Ron whispered ecstatically as Crabbe gleefully pointed out the cakes to Goyle and grabbed them. Grin\-ning stupidly, they stuffed the cakes whole into their large mouths. For a moment, both of them chewed greedily, looks of triumph on their faces. Then, without the smallest change of expression, they both keeled over backward onto the floor.\par
By far the hardest part was hiding them in the closet across the hall. Once they were safely stowed among the buckets and mops, Harry yanked out a couple of the bristles that covered Goyle\rquote s forehead and Ron pulled out several of Crabbe\rquote s hairs. They also stole their shoes, because their own were far too small for Crabbe- and Goyle-size feet. Then, still stunned at what they had just done, they sprinted up to Moaning Myrtle\rquote s bathroom.\par
They could hardly see for the thick black smoke issuing from the stall in which Hermione was stirring the cauldron. Pulling their robes up over their faces, Harry and Ron knocked softly on the door.\par
\ldblquote Hermione?\rdblquote\par
They heard the scrape of the lock and Hermione emerged, shiny-faced and looking anxious. Behind her they heard the \i gloop gloop\i0  of the bubbling, glutinous potion. Three glass tumblers stood ready on the toilet seat.\par
\ldblquote Did you get them?\rdblquote  Hermione asked breathlessly.\par
Harry showed her Goyle\rquote s hair.\par
\ldblquote Good. And I sneaked these spare robes out of the laundry,\rdblquote  Hermione said, holding up a small sack. \ldblquote You\rquote ll need bigger sizes once you\rquote re Crabbe and Goyle.\rdblquote\par
The three of them stared into the cauldron. Close up, the potion looked like thick, dark mud, bubbling sluggishly.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sure I\rquote ve done everything right,\rdblquote  said Hermione, nervously rereading the splotched page of \i Moste Potente Potions.\i0  \ldblquote It looks like the book says it should \'85 once we\rquote ve drunk it, we\rquote ll have exactly an hour before we change back into ourselves.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Now what?\rdblquote  Ron whispered.\par
\ldblquote We separate it into three glasses and add the hairs.\rdblquote\par
Hermione ladled large dollops of the potion into each of the glasses. Then, her hand trembling, she shook Millicent Bulstrode\rquote s hair out of its bottle into the first glass.\par
The potion hissed loudly like a boiling kettle and frothed madly. A second later, it had turned a sick sort of yellow.\par
\ldblquote Urgh \emdash  essence of Millicent Bulstrode,\rdblquote  said Ron, eyeing it with loathing. \ldblquote Bet it tastes disgusting.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Add yours, then,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
Harry dropped Goyle\rquote s hair into the middle glass and Ron put Crabbe\rquote s into the last one. Both glasses hissed and frothed: Goyle\rquote s turned the khaki color of a booger, Crabbe\rquote s a dark, murky brown.\par
\ldblquote Hang on,\rdblquote  said Harry as Ron and Hermione reached for their glasses. \ldblquote We\rquote d better not all drink them in here. \'85 Once we turn into Crabbe and Goyle we won\rquote t fit. And Millicent Bulstrode\rquote s no pixie.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Good thinking,\rdblquote  said Ron, unlocking the door. \ldblquote We\rquote ll take sep\-arate stalls.\rdblquote\par
Careful not to spill a drop of his Polyjuice Potion, Harry slipped into the middle stall.\par
\ldblquote Ready?\rdblquote  he called.\par
\ldblquote Ready,\rdblquote  came Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s voices.\par
\ldblquote One \emdash  two \emdash  three \emdash\rdblquote\par
Pinching his nose, Harry drank the potion down in two large gulps. It tasted like overcooked cabbage.\par
Immediately, his insides started writhing as though he\rquote d just swallowed live snakes \emdash  doubled up, he wondered whether he was going to be sick \emdash  then a burning sensation spread rapidly from his stomach to the very ends of his fingers and toes \emdash  next, bring\-ing him gasping to all fours, came a horrible melting feeling, as the skin all over his body bubbled like hot wax \emdash  and before his eyes, his hands began to grow, the fingers thickened, the nails broadened, the knuckles were bulging like bolts \emdash  his shoulders stretched painfully and a prickling on his forehead told him that hair was creeping down toward his eyebrows \emdash  his robes ripped as his chest expanded like a barrel bursting its hoops \emdash  his feet were agony in shoes four sizes too small \emdash\par
As suddenly as it had started, everything stopped. Harry lay facedown on the stone-cold floor, listening to Myrtle gurgling mo\-rosely in the end toilet. With difficulty, he kicked off his shoes and stood up. So this was what it felt like, being Goyle. His large hand trembling, he pulled off his old robes, which were hanging a foot above his ankles, pulled on the spare ones, and laced up Goyle\rquote s boatlike shoes. He reached up to brush his hair out of his eyes and met only the short growth of wiry bristles, low on his forehead. Then he realized that his glasses were clouding his eyes because Goyle obviously didn\rquote t need them \emdash  he took them off and called, \ldblquote Are you two okay?\rdblquote  Goyle\rquote s low rasp of a voice issued from his mouth.\par
\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  came the deep grunt of Crabbe from his right.\par
Harry unlocked his door and stepped in front of the cracked mirror. Goyle stared back at him out of dull, deepset eyes. Harry scratched his ear. So did Goyle.\par
Ron\rquote s door opened. They stared at each other. Except that he looked pale and shocked, Ron was indistinguishable from Crabbe, from the pudding-bowl haircut to the long, gorilla arms.\par
\ldblquote This is unbelievable,\rdblquote  said Ron, approaching the mirror and prodding Crabbe\rquote s flat nose. \ldblquote\i Unbelievable.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote d better get going,\rdblquote  said Harry, loosening the watch that was cutting into Goyle\rquote s thick wrist. \ldblquote We\rquote ve still got to find out where the Slytherin common room is. I only hope we can find someone to follow \'85\rdblquote\par
Ron, who had been gazing at Harry, said, \ldblquote You don\rquote t know how bizarre it is to see Goyle \i thinking.\i0\rdblquote  He banged on Hermione\rquote s door. \ldblquote C\rquote mon, we need to go \emdash\rdblquote\par
A high-pitched voice answered him.\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  I don\rquote t think I\rquote m going to come after all. You go on with\-out me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione, we know Millicent Bulstrode\rquote s ugly, no one\rquote s going to know it\rquote s you \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No \emdash  really \emdash  I don\rquote t think I\rquote ll come. You two hurry up, you\rquote re wasting time \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry looked at Ron, bewildered.\par
\ldblquote\i That\i0  looks more like Goyle,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote That\rquote s how he looks every time a teacher asks him a question.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione, are you okay?\rdblquote  said Harry through the door.\par
\ldblquote Fine \emdash  I\rquote m fine \emdash  go on \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry looked at his watch. Five of their precious sixty minutes had already passed.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll meet you back here, all right?\rdblquote  he said.\par
Harry and Ron opened the door of the bathroom carefully, checked that the coast was clear, and set off.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t swing your arms like that,\rdblquote  Harry muttered to Ron.\par
\ldblquote Eh?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Crabbe holds them sort of stiff. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How\rquote s this?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote s better. \'85\rdblquote\par
They went down the marble staircase. All they needed now was a Slytherin that they could follow to the Slytherin common room, but there was nobody around.\par
\ldblquote Any ideas?\rdblquote  muttered Harry.\par
\ldblquote The Slytherins always come up to breakfast from over there,\rdblquote  said Ron, nodding at the entrance to the dungeons. The words had barely left his mouth when a girl with long, curly hair emerged from the entrance.\par
\ldblquote Excuse me,\rdblquote  said Ron, hurrying up to her. \ldblquote We\rquote ve forgotten the way to our common room.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I beg your pardon?\rdblquote  said the girl stiffly. \ldblquote\i Our\i0  common room? \i I\rquote m\i0  a Ravenclaw.\rdblquote\par
She walked away, looking suspiciously back at them.\par
Harry and Ron hurried down the stone steps into the darkness, their footsteps echoing particularly loudly as Crabbe\rquote s and Goyle\rquote s huge feet hit the floor, feeling that this wasn\rquote t going to be as easy as they had hoped.\par
The labyrinthine passages were deserted. They walked deeper and deeper under the school, constantly checking their watches to see how much time they had left. After a quarter of an hour, just when they were getting desperate, they heard a sudden movement ahead.\par
\ldblquote Ha!\rdblquote  said Ron excitedly. \ldblquote There\rquote s one of them now!\rdblquote\par
The figure was emerging from a side room. As they hurried nearer, however, their hearts sank. It wasn\rquote t a Slytherin, it was Percy.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote re you doing down here?\rdblquote  said Ron in surprise.\par
Percy looked affronted.\par
\ldblquote That,\rdblquote  he said stiffly, \ldblquote is none of your business. It\rquote s Crabbe, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wh \emdash  oh, yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Well, get off to your dormitories,\rdblquote  said Percy sternly. \ldblquote It\rquote s not safe to go wandering around dark corridors these days.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i You\i0  are,\rdblquote  Ron pointed out.\par
\ldblquote I,\rdblquote  said Percy, drawing himself up, \ldblquote am a prefect. Nothing\rquote s about to attack \i me.\i0\rdblquote\par
A voice suddenly echoed behind Harry and Ron. Draco Malfoy was strolling toward them, and for the first time in his life, Harry was pleased to see him.\par
\ldblquote There you are,\rdblquote  he drawled, looking at them. \ldblquote Have you two been pigging out in the Great Hall all this time? I\rquote ve been looking for you; I want to show you something really funny.\rdblquote\par
Malfoy glanced witheringly at Percy.\par
\ldblquote And what\rquote re you doing down here, Weasley?\rdblquote  he sneered.\par
Percy looked outraged.\par
\ldblquote You want to show a bit more respect to a school prefect!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I don\rquote t like your attitude!\rdblquote\par
Malfoy sneered and motioned for Harry and Ron to follow him. Harry almost said something apologetic to Percy but caught him\-self just in time. He and Ron hurried after Malfoy, who said as they turned into the next passage, \ldblquote That Peter Weasley \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Percy,\rdblquote  Ron corrected him automatically.\par
\ldblquote Whatever,\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote I\rquote ve noticed him sneaking around a lot lately. And I bet I know what he\rquote s up to. He thinks he\rquote s going to catch Slytherin\rquote s heir single-handed.\rdblquote\par
He gave a short, derisive laugh. Harry and Ron exchanged ex\-cited looks.\par
Malfoy paused by a stretch of bare, damp stone wall.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the new password again?\rdblquote  he said to Harry.\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Oh, yeah \emdash  \i pure-blood\i0 !\rdblquote  said Malfoy, not listening, and a stone door concealed in the wall slid open. Malfoy marched through it, and Harry and Ron followed him.\par
The Slytherin common room was a long, low underground room with rough stone walls and ceiling from which round, green\-ish lamps were hanging on chains. A fire was crackling under an elaborately carved mantelpiece ahead of them, and several Slyth\-erins were silhouetted around it in high-backed chairs.\par
\ldblquote Wait here,\rdblquote  said Malfoy to Harry and Ron, motioning them to a pair of empty chairs set back from the fire. \ldblquote I\rquote ll go and get it \emdash  my father\rquote s just sent it to me \emdash\rdblquote\par
Wondering what Malfoy was going to show them, Harry and Ron sat down, doing their best to look at home.\par
Malfoy came back a minute later, holding what looked like a newspaper clipping. He thrust it under Ron\rquote s nose.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote ll give you a laugh,\rdblquote  he said.\par
Harry saw Ron's eyes widen in shock. He read the clipping quickly, gave a very forced laugh, and handed it to Harry.\par
It had been clipped out of the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  and it said:\b\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b0 INQUIRY AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Ar\-tifacts Office, was today fined fifty Galleons for be\-witching a Muggle car.\par
Mr. Lucius Malfoy, a governor of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where the enchanted car crashed earlier this year, called today for Mr. Weasley\rquote s resignation.\par
\ldblquote Weasley has brought the Ministry into disre\-pute,\rdblquote  Mr. Malfoy told our reporter. \ldblquote He is clearly unfit to draw up our laws and his ridiculous Mug\-gle Protection Act should be scrapped immedi\-ately.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Weasley was unavailable for comment, al\-though his wife told reporters to clear off or she\rquote d set the family ghoul on them.\par
\par
\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  said Malfoy impatiently as Harry handed the clipping back to him. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you think it\rquote s funny?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ha, ha,\rdblquote  said Harry bleakly.\par
\ldblquote Arthur Weasley loves Muggles so much he should snap his wand in half and go and join them,\rdblquote  said Malfoy scornfully. \ldblquote You\rquote d never know the Weasleys were purebloods, the way they behave.\rdblquote\par
Ron\rquote s \emdash  or rather, Crabbe\rquote s \emdash  face was contorted with fury.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s up with you, Crabbe?\rdblquote  snapped Malfoy.\par
\ldblquote Stomachache,\rdblquote  Ron grunted.\par
\ldblquote Well, go up to the hospital wing and give all those Mudbloods a kick from me,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, snickering. \ldblquote You know, I\rquote m surprised the \i Daily Prophet\i0  hasn\rquote t reported all these attacks yet,\rdblquote  he went on thoughtfully. \ldblquote I suppose Dumbledore\rquote s trying to hush it all up. He\rquote ll be sacked if it doesn\rquote t stop soon. Father\rquote s always said old Dumbledore\rquote s the worst thing that\rquote s ever happened to this place. He loves Muggle-borns. A decent headmaster would never\rquote ve let slime like that Creevey in.\rdblquote\par
Malfoy started taking pictures with an imaginary camera and did a cruel but accurate impression of Colin: \ldblquote  \lquote Potter, can I have your picture, Potter? Can I have your autograph? Can I lick your shoes, please, Potter?\rquote  \rdblquote\par
He dropped his hands and looked at Harry and Ron.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the \i matter\i0  with you two?\rdblquote\par
Far too late, Harry and Ron forced themselves to laugh, but Malfoy seemed satisfied; perhaps Crabbe and Goyle were always slow on the uptake.\par
\ldblquote Saint Potter, the Mudbloods\rquote  friend,\rdblquote  said Malfoy slowly. \ldblquote He\rquote s another one with no proper wizard feeling, or he wouldn\rquote t go around with that jumped-up Granger Mudblood. And people think \i he\rquote s\i0  Slytherin\rquote s heir!\rdblquote\par
Harry and Ron waited with bated breath: Malfoy was surely sec\-onds away from telling them it was him \emdash  but then \emdash\par
\ldblquote I \i wish\i0  I knew who it \i is\i0 ,\rdblquote  said Malfoy petulantly. \ldblquote I could help them.\rdblquote\par
Ron\rquote s jaw dropped so that Crabbe looked even more clueless than usual. Fortunately, Malfoy didn\rquote t notice, and Harry, thinking fast, said, \ldblquote You must have some idea who\rquote s behind it all. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You know I haven\rquote t, Goyle, how many times do I have to tell you?\rdblquote  snapped Malfoy. \ldblquote And Father won\rquote t tell me \i anything\i0  about the last time the Chamber was opened either. Of course, it was fifty years ago, so it was before his time, but he knows all about it, and he says that it was all kept quiet and it\rquote ll look suspicious if I know too much about it. But I know one thing \emdash  last time the Cham\-ber of Secrets was opened, a Mudblood \i died.\i0  So I bet it\rquote s a matter of time before one of them\rquote s killed this time. \'85 I hope it\rquote s Granger,\rdblquote  he said with relish.\par
Ron was clenching Crabbe\rquote s gigantic fists. Feeling that it would be a bit of a giveaway if Ron punched Malfoy, Harry shot him a warning look and said, \ldblquote D\rquote you know if the person who opened the Chamber last time was caught?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, yeah \'85 whoever it was was expelled,\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote They\rquote re probably still in Azkaban.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Azkaban?\rdblquote  said Harry, puzzled.\par
\ldblquote Azkaban \emdash  \i the wizard prison,\i0  Goyle,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, looking at him in disbelief. \ldblquote Honestly, if you were any slower, you\rquote d be going backward.\rdblquote\par
He shifted restlessly in his chair and said, \ldblquote Father says to keep my head down and let the Heir of Slytherin get on with it. He says the school needs ridding of all the Mudblood filth, but not to get mixed up in it. Of course, he\rquote s got a lot on his plate at the moment. You know the Ministry of Magic raided our manor last week?\rdblquote\par
Harry tried to force Goyle\rquote s dull face into a look of concern.\par
\ldblquote Yeah \'85\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote Luckily, they didn\rquote t find much. Father\rquote s got some \i very\i0  valuable Dark Arts stuff. But luckily, we\rquote ve got our own secret chamber under the drawing-room floor \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ho!\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
Malfoy looked at him. So did Harry. Ron blushed. Even his hair was turning red. His nose was also slowly lengthening \emdash  their hour was up, Ron was turning back into himself, and from the look of horror he was suddenly giving Harry, he must be, too.\par
They both jumped to their feet.\par
\ldblquote Medicine for my stomach,\rdblquote  Ron grunted, and without further ado they sprinted the length of the Slytherin common room, hurled themselves at the stone wall, and dashed up the passage, hoping against hope that Malfoy hadn\rquote t noticed anything. Harry could feel his feet slipping around in Goyle\rquote s huge shoes and had to hoist up his robes as he shrank; they crashed up the steps into the dark entrance hall, which was full of a muffled pounding coming from the closet where they\rquote d locked Crabbe and Goyle. Leaving their shoes outside the closet door, they sprinted in their socks up the marble staircase toward Moaning Myrtle\rquote s bathroom.\par
\ldblquote Well, it wasn\rquote t a complete waste of time,\rdblquote  Ron panted, closing the bathroom door behind them. \ldblquote I know we still haven\rquote t found out who\rquote s doing the attacks, but I\rquote m going to write to Dad tomor\-row and tell him to check under the Malfoys\rquote  drawing room.\rdblquote\par
Harry checked his face in the cracked mirror. He was back to normal. He put his glasses on as Ron hammered on the door of Hermione\rquote s stall.\par
\ldblquote Hermione, come out, we\rquote ve got loads to tell you \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Go away!\rdblquote  Hermione squeaked.\par
Harry and Ron looked at each other.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote You must be back to normal by now, we are \emdash\rdblquote\par
But Moaning Myrtle glided suddenly through the stall door. Harry had never seen her looking so happy.\par
\ldblquote Ooooooh, wait till you see,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote It\rquote s \i awful\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
They heard the lock slide back and Hermione emerged, sob\-bing, her robes pulled up over her head.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s up?\rdblquote  said Ron uncertainly. \ldblquote Have you still got Milli\-cent\rquote s nose or something?\rdblquote\par
Hermione let her robes fall and Ron backed into the sink.\par
Her face was covered in black fur. Her eyes had turned yellow and there were long, pointed ears poking through her hair.\par
\ldblquote It was a c-cat hair!\rdblquote  she howled. \ldblquote M-Millicent Bulstrode m-must have a cat! And the p-potion isn\rquote t supposed to be used for animal transformations!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Uh-oh,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll be teased something \i dreadful,\i0\rdblquote  said Myrtle happily.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s okay, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote We\rquote ll take you up to the hospital wing. Madam Pomfrey never asks too many ques\-tions. \'85\rdblquote\par
It took a long time to persuade Hermione to leave the bath\-room. Moaning Myrtle sped them on their way with a hearty guf\-faw. \ldblquote Wait till everyone finds out you\rquote ve got a \i tail\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 13\par
The Very Secret Diary\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033 Hermione remained in the hospital wing for several weeks. There was a flurry of rumor about her disappearance when the rest of the school arrived back from their Christmas hol\-idays, because of course everyone thought that she had been at\-tacked. So many students filed past the hospital wing trying to catch a glimpse of her that Madam Pomfrey took out her curtains again and placed them around Hermione\rquote s bed, to spare her the shame of being seen with a furry face.\par
\lang3081 Harry and Ron went to visit her every evening. When the new term started, they brought her each day\rquote s homework.\par
\ldblquote If I\rquote d sprouted whiskers, I\rquote d take a break from work,\rdblquote  said Ron, tipping a stack of books onto Hermione\rquote s bedside table one evening.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t be silly, Ron, I\rquote ve got to keep up,\rdblquote  said Hermione briskly. Her spirits were greatly improved by the fact that all the hair had gone from her face and her eyes were turning slowly back to brown. \ldblquote I don\rquote t suppose you\rquote ve got any new leads?\rdblquote  she added in a whisper, so that Madam Pomfrey couldn\rquote t hear her.\par
\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Harry gloomily.\par
\ldblquote I was so \i sure\i0  it was Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Ron, for about the hundredth time.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  asked Harry, pointing to something gold sticking out from under Hermione\rquote s pillow.\par
\ldblquote Just a get well card,\rdblquote  said Hermione hastily, trying to poke it out of sight, but Ron was too quick for her. He pulled it out, flicked it open, and read aloud:\par
\ldblquote\i To Miss Granger, wishing you a speedy recovery, from your con\-cerned teacher, Professor Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, and five-time winner of\i0  Witch Weekly\rquote s \i Most-Charming-Smile Award.\i0\rdblquote\par
Ron looked up at Hermione, disgusted.\par
\ldblquote You sleep with this under your \i pillow\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
But Hermione was spared answering by Madam Pomfrey sweep\-ing over with her evening dose of medicine.\par
\ldblquote Is Lockhart the smarmiest bloke you\rquote ve ever met, or what?\rdblquote  Ron said to Harry as they left the infirmary and started up the stairs toward Gryffindor Tower. Snape had given them so much homework, Harry thought he was likely to be in the sixth year be\-fore he finished it. Ron was just saying he wished he had asked Hermione how many rat tails you were supposed to add to a Hair-Raising Potion when an angry outburst from the floor above reached their ears.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s Filch,\rdblquote  Harry muttered as they hurried up the stairs and paused, out of sight, listening hard.\par
\ldblquote You don\rquote t think someone else\rquote s been attacked?\rdblquote  said Ron tensely.\par
They stood still, their heads inclined toward Filch\rquote s voice, which sounded quite hysterical.\par
\ldblquote\emdash  \i even more work for me! Mopping all night, like I haven\rquote t got enough to do! No, this is the final straw, I\rquote m going to Dumbledore\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
His footsteps receded along the out-of-sight corridor and they heard a distant door slam.\par
They poked their heads around the corner. Filch had clearly been manning his usual lookout post: They were once again on the spot where Mrs. Norris had been attacked. They saw at a glance what Filch had been shouting about. A great flood of water stretched over half the corridor, and it looked as though it was still seeping from under the door of Moaning Myrtle\rquote s bathroom. Now that Filch had stopped shouting, they could hear Myrtle\rquote s wails echoing off the bathroom walls.\par
\ldblquote\i Now\i0  what\rquote s up with her?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s go and see,\rdblquote  said Harry, and holding their robes over their ankles they stepped through the great wash of water to the door bearing its OUT OF ORDER sign, ignored it as always, and entered.\par
Moaning Myrtle was crying, if possible, louder and harder than ever before. She seemed to be hiding down her usual toilet. It was dark in the bathroom because the candles had been extinguished in the great rush of water that had left both walls and floor soaking wet.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s up, Myrtle?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Who\rquote s that?\rdblquote  glugged Myrtle miserably. \ldblquote Come to throw some\-thing else at me?\rdblquote\par
Harry waded across to her stall and said, \ldblquote Why would I throw something at you?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t ask me,\rdblquote  Myrtle shouted, emerging with a wave of yet more water, which splashed onto the already sopping floor. \ldblquote Here I am, minding my own business, and someone thinks it\rquote s funny to throw a book at me. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But it can\rquote t hurt you if someone throws something at you,\rdblquote  said Harry, reasonably. \ldblquote I mean, it\rquote d just go right through you, wouldn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\par
He had said the wrong thing. Myrtle puffed herself up and shrieked, \ldblquote Let\rquote s all throw books at Myrtle, because \i she \i0 can\rquote t feel it! Ten points if you can get it through her stomach! Fifty points if it goes through her head! Well, ha, ha, ha! What a lovely game, I \i don\rquote t \i0 think!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who threw it at you, anyway?\rdblquote  asked Harry.\par
\ldblquote\i I\i0  don\rquote t know. \'85 I was just sitting in the U-bend, thinking about death, and it fell right through the top of my head,\rdblquote  said Myrtle, glaring at them. \ldblquote It\rquote s over there, it got washed out. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry and Ron looked under the sink where Myrtle was point\-ing. A small, thin book lay there. It had a shabby black cover and was as wet as everything else in the bathroom. Harry stepped for\-ward to pick it up, but Ron suddenly flung out an arm to hold him back.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Are you crazy?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It could be dangerous.\rdblquote\i\par
\i0\ldblquote\i Dangerous\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry, laughing. \ldblquote Come off it, how could it be dangerous?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d be surprised,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was looking apprehensively at the book. \ldblquote Some of the books the Ministry\rquote s confiscated \emdash  Dad\rquote s told me \emdash  there was one that burned your eyes out. And everyone who read \i Sonnets of a Sorcerer\i0  spoke in limericks for the rest of their lives. And some old witch in Bath had a book that you could \i never stop reading\i0 ! You just had to wander around with your nose in it, trying to do everything one-handed. And \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote All right, I\rquote ve got the point,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
The little book lay on the floor, nondescript and soggy.\par
\ldblquote Well, we won\rquote t find out unless we look at it,\rdblquote  he said, and he ducked around Ron and picked it up off the floor.\par
Harry saw at once that it was a diary, and the faded year on the cover told him it was fifty years old. He opened it eagerly. On the first page he could just make out the name \ldblquote T. M. Riddle\rdblquote  in smudged ink.\par
\ldblquote Hang on,\rdblquote  said Ron, who had approached cautiously and was looking over Harry\rquote s shoulder. \ldblquote I know that name. \'85 T. M. Rid\-dle got an award for special services to the school fifty years ago.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How on earth d\rquote you know that?\rdblquote  said Harry in amazement.\par
\ldblquote Because Filch made me polish his shield about fifty times in de\-tention,\rdblquote  said Ron resentfully. \ldblquote That was the one I burped slugs all over. If you\rquote d wiped slime off a name for an hour, you\rquote d remember it, too.\rdblquote\par
Harry peeled the wet pages apart. They were completely blank. There wasn\rquote t the faintest trace of writing on any of them, not even \i Auntie Mabel\rquote s birthday,\i0  or \i dentist, half-past three.\i0\par
\ldblquote He never wrote in it,\rdblquote  said Harry, disappointed.\par
\ldblquote I wonder why someone wanted to flush it away?\rdblquote  said Ron cu\-riously.\par
Harry turned to the back cover of the book and saw the printed name of a variety store on Vauxhall Road, London.\par
\ldblquote He must\rquote ve been Muggle-born,\rdblquote  said Harry thoughtfully. \ldblquote To have bought a diary from Vauxhall Road. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, it\rquote s not much use to you,\rdblquote  said Ron. He dropped his voice. \ldblquote Fifty points if you can get it through Myrtle\rquote s nose.\rdblquote\par
Harry, however, pocketed it.\par
\par
\lang1033 Hermione left the hospital wing, de-whiskered, tail-less, and fur-free, at the beginning of February. On her first evening back in Gryffindor Tower, Harry showed her T. M. Riddle\rquote s diary and told her the story of how they had found it.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Oooh, it might have hidden powers,\rdblquote  said Hermione enthusi\-astically, taking the diary and looking at it closely.\par
\ldblquote If it has, it\rquote s hiding them very well,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Maybe it\rquote s shy. I don\rquote t know why you don\rquote t chuck it, Harry.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I wish I knew why someone \i did\i0  try to chuck it,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t mind knowing how Riddle got an award for special ser\-vices to Hogwarts either.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Could\rquote ve been anything,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Maybe he got thirty O.W.L.s or saved a teacher from the giant squid. Maybe he mur\-dered Myrtle; that would\rquote ve done everyone a favor. \'85\rdblquote\par
But Harry could tell from the arrested look on Hermione\rquote s face that she was thinking what he was thinking.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking from one to the other.\par
\ldblquote Well, the Chamber of Secrets was opened fifty years ago, wasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote That\rquote s what Malfoy said.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah \'85\rdblquote  said Ron slowly.\par
\ldblquote And \i this diary\i0  is fifty years old,\rdblquote  said Hermione, tapping it ex\-citedly.\par
\ldblquote So?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, Ron, wake up,\rdblquote  snapped Hermione. \ldblquote We know the person who opened the Chamber last time was expelled \i fifty years ago.\i0  We know T. M. Riddle got an award for special services to the school \i fifty years ago.\i0  Well, what if Riddle got his special award for \i catch\-ing the Heir of Slytherin\i0 ? His diary would probably tell us every\-thing \emdash  where the Chamber is, and how to open it, and what sort of creature lives in it \emdash  the person who\rquote s behind the attacks this time wouldn\rquote t want that lying around, would they?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s a \i brilliant\i0  theory, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron, \ldblquote with just one tiny little flaw. \i There\rquote s nothing written in his diary.\i0\rdblquote\par
But Hermione was pulling her wand out of her bag.\par
\ldblquote It might be invisible ink!\rdblquote  she whispered.\par
She tapped the diary three times and said, \ldblquote\i Aparecium\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Nothing happened. Undaunted, Hermione shoved her hand back into her bag and pulled out what appeared to be a bright red eraser.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s a Revealer, I got it in Diagon Alley,\rdblquote  she said.\par
She rubbed hard on \i January first.\i0  Nothing happened.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m telling you, there\rquote s nothing to find in there,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Riddle just got a diary for Christmas and couldn\rquote t be bothered filling it in.\rdblquote\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry couldn\rquote t explain, even to himself, why he didn\rquote t just throw Riddle\rquote s diary away. The fact was that even though he \i knew\i0  the di\-ary was blank, he kept absentmindedly picking it up and turn\-ing the pages, as though it were a story he wanted to finish. And while Harry was sure he had never heard the name T. M. Riddle before, it still seemed to mean something to him, almost as though Riddle was a friend he\rquote d had when he was very small, and had half-forgotten. But this was absurd. He\rquote d never had friends before Hogwarts, Dudley had made sure of that.\par
\lang3081 Nevertheless, Harry was determined to find out more about Riddle, so next day at break, he headed for the trophy room to ex\-amine Riddle\rquote s special award, accompanied by an interested Her\-mione and a thoroughly unconvinced Ron, who told them he\rquote d seen enough of the trophy room to last him a lifetime.\par
Riddle\rquote s burnished gold shield was tucked away in a corner cab\-inet. It didn\rquote t carry details of why it had been given to him (\ldblquote Good thing, too, or it\rquote d be even bigger and I\rquote d still be polishing it,\rdblquote  said Ron). However, they did find Riddle\rquote s name on an old Medal for Magical Merit, and on a list of old Head Boys.\par
\ldblquote He sounds like Percy,\rdblquote  said Ron, wrinkling his nose in disgust. \ldblquote Prefect, Head Boy \'85 probably top of every class \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You say that like it\rquote s a bad thing,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a slightly hurt voice.\par
\par
\lang1033 The sun had now begun to shine weakly on Hogwarts again. Inside the castle, the mood had grown more hopeful. There had been no more attacks since those on Justin and Nearly Headless Nick, and Madam Pomfrey was pleased to report that the Mandrakes were becoming moody and secretive, meaning that they were fast leav\-ing childhood.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote The moment their acne clears up, they\rquote ll be ready for repotting again,\rdblquote  Harry heard her telling Filch kindly one afternoon. \ldblquote And after that, it won\rquote t be long until we\rquote re cutting them up and stewing them. You\rquote ll have Mrs. Norris back in no time.\rdblquote\par
Perhaps the Heir of Slytherin had lost his or her nerve, thought Harry. It must be getting riskier and riskier to open the Chamber of Secrets, with the school so alert and suspicious. Perhaps the monster, whatever it was, was even now settling itself down to hi\-bernate for another fifty years. \'85\par
Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff didn\rquote t take this cheerful view. He was still convinced that Harry was the guilty one, that he had \ldblquote given himself away\rdblquote  at the Dueling Club. Peeves wasn\rquote t helping matters; he kept popping up in the crowded corridors singing \ldblquote Oh, Potter, you rotter \'85\rdblquote  now with a dance routine to match.\par
Gilderoy Lockhart seemed to think he himself had made the at\-tacks stop. Harry overheard him telling Professor McGonagall so while the Gryffindors were lining up for Transfiguration.\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think there\rquote ll be any more trouble, Minerva,\rdblquote  he said, tapping his nose knowingly and winking. \ldblquote I think the Chamber has been locked for good this time. The culprit must have known it was only a matter of time before I caught him. Rather sensible to stop now, before I came down hard on him.\par
\ldblquote You know, what the school needs now is a morale-booster. Wash away the memories of last term! I won\rquote t say any more just now, but I think I know just the thing. \'85\rdblquote\par
He tapped his nose again and strode off.\par
Lockhart\rquote s idea of a morale-booster became clear at breakfast time on February fourteenth. Harry hadn\rquote t had much sleep because of a late-running Quidditch practice the night before, and he hur\-ried down to the Great Hall, slightly late. He thought, for a mo\-ment, that he\rquote d walked through the wrong doors.\par
The walls were all covered with large, lurid pink flowers. Worse still, heart-shaped confetti was falling from the pale blue ceiling. Harry went over to the Gryffindor table, where Ron was sitting looking sickened, and Hermione seemed to have been overcome with giggles.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote  Harry asked them, sitting down and wiping confetti off his bacon.\par
Ron pointed to the teachers\rquote  table, apparently too disgusted to speak. Lockhart, wearing lurid pink robes to match the decora\-tions, was waving for silence. The teachers on either side of him were looking stony-faced. From where he sat, Harry could see a muscle going in Professor McGonagall\rquote s cheek. Snape looked as though someone had just fed him a large beaker of Skele-Gro.\par
\ldblquote Happy Valentine\rquote s Day!\rdblquote  Lockhart shouted. \ldblquote And may I thank the forty-six people who have so far sent me cards! Yes, I have taken the liberty of arranging this little surprise for you all \emdash  and it doesn\rquote t end here!\rdblquote\par
Lockhart clapped his hands and through the doors to the entrance hall marched a dozen surly-looking dwarfs. Not just any dwarfs, however. Lockhart had them all wearing golden wings and carrying harps.\par
\ldblquote My friendly, card-carrying cupids!\rdblquote  beamed Lockhart. \ldblquote They will be roving around the school today delivering your valentines! And the fun doesn\rquote t stop here! I\rquote m sure my colleagues will want to enter into the spirit of the occasion! Why not ask Professor Snape to show you how to whip up a Love Potion! And while you\rquote re at it, Professor Flitwick knows more about Entrancing Enchantments than any wizard I\rquote ve ever met, the sly old dog!\rdblquote\par
Professor Flitwick buried his face in his hands. Snape was looking as though the first person to ask him for a Love Potion would be force-fed poison.\par
\ldblquote Please, Hermione, tell me you weren\rquote t one of the forty-six,\rdblquote  said Ron as they left the Great Hall for their first lesson. Hermione sud\-denly became very interested in searching her bag for her schedule and didn\rquote t answer.\par
All day long, the dwarfs kept barging into their classes to deliver valentines, to the annoyance of the teachers, and late that after\-noon as the Gryffindors were walking upstairs for Charms, one of the dwarfs caught up with Harry.\par
\ldblquote Oy, you! \rquote Arry Potter!\rdblquote  shouted a particularly grim-looking dwarf, elbowing people out of the way to get to Harry.\par
Hot all over at the thought of being given a valentine in front of a line of first years, which happened to include Ginny Weasley, Harry tried to escape. The dwarf, however, cut his way through the crowd by kicking people\rquote s shins, and reached him before he\rquote d gone two paces.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve got a musical message to deliver to \rquote Arry Potter in person,\rdblquote  he said, twanging his harp in a threatening sort of way.\par
\ldblquote\i Not here,\i0\rdblquote  Harry hissed, trying to escape.\par
\ldblquote Stay \i still\i0 !\rdblquote  grunted the dwarf, grabbing hold of Harry\rquote s bag and pulling him back.\par
\ldblquote Let me go!\rdblquote  Harry snarled, tugging.\par
With a loud ripping noise, his bag split in two. His books, wand, parchment, and quill spilled onto the floor and his ink bottle smashed over everything.\par
Harry scrambled around, trying to pick it all up before the dwarf started singing, causing something of a holdup in the corridor.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s going on here?\rdblquote  came the cold, drawling voice of Draco Malfoy. Harry started stuffing everything feverishly into his ripped bag, desperate to get away before Malfoy could hear his musical valentine.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s all this commotion?\rdblquote  said another familiar voice as Percy Weasley arrived.\par
Losing his head, Harry tried to make a run for it, but the dwarf seized him around the knees and brought him crashing to the floor.\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  he said, sitting on Harry\rquote s ankles. \ldblquote Here is your singing valentine:\par
\par
\i His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad,\par
His hair is as dark as a blackboard.\par
I wish he was mine, he\rquote s really divine,\par
The hero who conquered the Dark Lord.\i0\rdblquote\par
\par
Harry would have given all the gold in Gringotts to evaporate on the spot. Trying valiantly to laugh along with everyone else, he got up, his feet numb from the weight of the dwarf, as Percy Weasley did his best to disperse the crowd, some of whom were crying with mirth.\par
\ldblquote Off you go, off you go, the bell rang five minutes ago, off to class, now,\rdblquote  he said, shooing some of the younger students away. \ldblquote\i And\i0  you, Malfoy \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry, glancing over, saw Malfoy stoop and snatch up some\-thing. Leering, he showed it to Crabbe and Goyle, and Harry real\-ized that he\rquote d got Riddle\rquote s diary.\par
\ldblquote Give that back,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly.\par
\ldblquote Wonder what Potter\rquote s written in this?\rdblquote  said Malfoy, who obviously hadn\rquote t noticed the year on the cover and thought he had Harry\rquote s own diary. A hush fell over the onlookers. Ginny was star\-ing from the diary to Harry, looking terrified.\par
\ldblquote Hand it over, Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Percy sternly.\par
\ldblquote When I\rquote ve had a look,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, waving the diary taunt\-ingly at Harry.\par
Percy said, \ldblquote As a school prefect \emdash\rdblquote  but Harry had lost his tem\-per. He pulled out his wand and shouted, \ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote  and just as Snape had disarmed Lockhart, so Malfoy found the diary shoot\-ing out of his hand into the air. Ron, grinning broadly, caught it.\par
\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  said Percy loudly. \ldblquote No magic in the corridors. I\rquote ll have to report this, you know!\rdblquote\par
But Harry didn\rquote t care, he was one-up on Malfoy, and that was worth five points from Gryffindor any day. Malfoy was looking fu\-rious, and as Ginny passed him to enter her classroom, he yelled spitefully after her, \ldblquote I don\rquote t think Potter liked your valentine much!\rdblquote\par
Ginny covered her face with her hands and ran into class. Snarling, Ron pulled out his wand, too, but Harry pulled him away. Ron didn\rquote t need to spend the whole of Charms belching slugs.\par
It wasn\rquote t until they had reached Professor Flitwick\rquote s class that Harry noticed something rather odd about Riddle\rquote s diary. All his other books were drenched in scarlet ink. The diary, however, was as clean as it had been before the ink bottle had smashed all over it. He tried to point this out to Ron, but Ron was having trouble with his wand again; large purple bubbles were blossoming out of the end, and he wasn\rquote t much interested in anything else.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc *   *   *\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 Harry went to bed before anyone else in his dormitory that night. This was partly because he didn\rquote t think he could stand Fred and George singing, \ldblquote His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad\rdblquote  one more time, and partly because he wanted to examine Riddle\rquote s diary again, and knew that Ron thought he was wasting his time.\par
\lang3081 Harry sat on his four-poster and flicked through the blank pages, not one of which had a trace of scarlet ink on it. Then he pulled a new bottle out of his bedside cabinet, dipped his quill into it, and dropped a blot onto the first page of the diary.\par
The ink shone brightly on the paper for a second and then, as though it was being sucked into the page, vanished. Excited, Harry loaded up his quill a second time and wrote, \ldblquote My name is Harry Potter.\rdblquote\par
The words shone momentarily on the page and they, too, sank without trace. Then, at last, something happened.\par
Oozing back out of the page, in his very own ink, came words Harry had never written.\par
\ldblquote\i Hello, Harry Potter. My name is Tom Riddle. How did you come by my diary\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
These words, too, faded away, but not before Harry had started to scribble back.\par
\ldblquote Someone tried to flush it down a toilet.\rdblquote\par
He waited eagerly for Riddle\rquote s reply.\par
\ldblquote\i Lucky that I recorded my memories in some more lasting way than ink. But I always knew that there would be those who would not want this diary read.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote  Harry scrawled, blotting the page in his excitement.\par
\ldblquote\i I mean that this diary holds memories of terrible things. Things that were covered up. Things that happened at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s where I am now,\rdblquote  Harry wrote quickly. \ldblquote I\rquote m at Hog\-warts, and horrible stuff\rquote s been happening. Do you know anything about the Chamber of Secrets?\rdblquote\par
His heart was hammering. Riddle\rquote s reply came quickly, his writ\-ing becoming untidier, as though he was hurrying to tell all he knew.\par
\ldblquote\i Of course I know about the Chamber of Secrets. In my day, they told us it was a legend, that it did not exist. But this was a lie. In my fifth year, the Chamber was opened and the monster attacked several students, finally killing one. I caught the person who\rquote d opened the Chamber and he was expelled. But the headmaster, Professor Dippet, ashamed that such a thing had happened at Hogwarts, forbade me to tell the truth. A story was given out that the girl had died in a freak ac\-cident. They gave me a nice, shiny, engraved trophy for my trouble and warned me to keep my mouth shut. But I knew it could happen again. The monster lived on, and the one who had the power to release it was not imprisoned.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry nearly upset his ink bottle in his hurry to write back.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s happening again now. There have been three attacks and no one seems to know who\rquote s behind them. Who was it last time?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i I can show you, if you like\i0 ,\rdblquote  came Riddle\rquote s reply. \ldblquote\i You don\rquote t have to take my word for it. I can take you inside my memory of the night when I caught him.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry hesitated, his quill suspended over the diary. What did Riddle mean? How could he be taken inside somebody else\rquote s mem\-ory? He glanced nervously at the door to the dormitory, which was growing dark. When he looked back at the diary, he saw fresh words forming.\par
\ldblquote\i Let me show you.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry paused for a fraction of a second and then wrote two letters.\par
\ldblquote OK.\rdblquote\par
The pages of the diary began to blow as though caught in a high wind, stopping halfway through the month of June. Mouth hang\-ing open, Harry saw that the little square for June thirteenth seemed to have turned into a minuscule television screen. His hands trembling slightly, he raised the book to press his eye against the little window, and before he knew what was happening, he was tilting forward; the window was widening, he felt his body leave his bed, and he was pitched headfirst through the opening in the page, into a whirl of color and shadow.\par
He felt his feet hit solid ground, and stood, shaking, as the blurred shapes around him came suddenly into focus.\par
He knew immediately where he was. This circular room with the sleeping portraits was Dumbledore\rquote s office \emdash  but it wasn\rquote t Dumbledore who was sitting behind the desk. A wizened, frail-looking wizard, bald except for a few wisps of white hair, was read\-ing a letter by candlelight. Harry had never seen this man before.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry,\rdblquote  he said shakily. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean to butt in \emdash\rdblquote\par
But the wizard didn\rquote t look up. He continued to read, frowning slightly. Harry drew nearer to his desk and stammered, \ldblquote Er \emdash  I\rquote ll just go, shall I?\rdblquote\par
Still the wizard ignored him. He didn\rquote t seem even to have heard him. Thinking that the wizard might be deaf, Harry raised his voice.\par
\ldblquote Sorry I disturbed you. I\rquote ll go now,\rdblquote  he half-shouted.\par
The wizard folded up the letter with a sigh, stood up, walked past Harry without glancing at him, and went to draw the curtains at his window.\par
The sky outside the window was ruby-red; it seemed to be sun\-set. The wizard went back to the desk, sat down, and twiddled his thumbs, watching the door.\par
Harry looked around the office. No Fawkes the phoenix \emdash  no whirring silver contraptions. This was Hogwarts as Riddle had known it, meaning that this unknown wizard was headmaster, not Dumbledore, and he, Harry, was little more than a phantom, com\-pletely invisible to the people of fifty years ago.\par
There was a knock on the office door.\par
\ldblquote Enter,\rdblquote  said the old wizard in a feeble voice.\par
A boy of about sixteen entered, taking off his pointed hat. A sil\-ver prefect\rquote s badge was glinting on his chest. He was much taller than Harry, but he, too, had jet-black hair.\par
\ldblquote Ah, Riddle,\rdblquote  said the headmaster.\par
\ldblquote You wanted to see me, Professor Dippet?\rdblquote  said Riddle. He looked nervous.\par
\ldblquote Sit down,\rdblquote  said Dippet. \ldblquote I\rquote ve just been reading the letter you sent me.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Riddle. He sat down, gripping his hands together very tightly.\par
\ldblquote My dear boy,\rdblquote  said Dippet kindly, \ldblquote I cannot possibly let you stay at school over the summer. Surely you want to go home for the holidays?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Riddle at once. \ldblquote I\rquote d much rather stay at Hogwarts than go back to that \emdash  to that \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You live in a Muggle orphanage during the holidays, I believe?\rdblquote  said Dippet curiously.\par
\ldblquote Yes, sir,\rdblquote  said Riddle, reddening slightly.\par
\ldblquote You are Muggle-born?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Half-blood, sir,\rdblquote  said Riddle. \ldblquote Muggle father, witch mother.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And are both your parents \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My mother died just after I was born, sir. They told me at the orphanage she lived just long enough to name me \emdash  Tom after my father, Marvolo after my grandfather.\rdblquote\par
Dippet clucked his tongue sympathetically.\par
\ldblquote The thing is, Tom,\rdblquote  he sighed, \ldblquote special arrangements might have been made for you, but in the current circumstances. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You mean all these attacks, sir?\rdblquote  said Riddle, and Harry\rquote s heart leapt, and he moved closer, scared of missing anything.\par
\ldblquote Precisely,\rdblquote  said the headmaster. \ldblquote My dear boy, you must see how foolish it would be of me to allow you to remain at the castle when term ends. Particularly in light of the recent tragedy \'85 the death of that poor little girl. \'85 You will be safer by far at your or\-phanage. As a matter of fact, the Ministry of Magic is even now talking about closing the school. We are no nearer locating the \emdash  er \emdash  source of all this unpleasantness. \'85\rdblquote\par
Riddle\rquote s eyes had widened.\par
\ldblquote Sir \emdash  if the person was caught \emdash  if it all stopped \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote  said Dippet with a squeak in his voice, sitting up in his chair. \ldblquote Riddle, do you mean you know something about these attacks?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, sir,\rdblquote  said Riddle quickly.\par
But Harry was sure it was the same sort of \ldblquote no\rdblquote  that he himself had given Dumbledore.\par
Dippet sank back, looking faintly disappointed.\par
\ldblquote You may go, Tom. \'85\rdblquote\par
Riddle slid off his chair and slouched out of the room. Harry fol\-lowed him.\par
Down the moving spiral staircase they went, emerging next to the gargoyle in the darkening corridor. Riddle stopped, and so did Harry, watching him. Harry could tell that Riddle was doing some serious thinking. He was biting his lip, his forehead fur\-rowed.\par
Then, as though he had suddenly reached a decision, he hurried off, Harry gliding noiselessly behind him. They didn\rquote t see another person until they reached the entrance hall, when a tall wizard with long, sweeping auburn hair and a beard called to Riddle from the marble staircase.\par
\ldblquote What are you doing, wandering around this late, Tom?\rdblquote\par
Harry gaped at the wizard. He was none other than a fifty-year-younger Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote I had to see the headmaster, sir,\rdblquote  said Riddle.\par
\ldblquote Well, hurry off to bed,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, giving Riddle ex\-actly the kind of penetrating stare Harry knew so well. \ldblquote Best not to roam the corridors these days. Not since \'85\rdblquote\par
He sighed heavily, bade Riddle good night, and strode off. Rid\-dle watched him walk out of sight and then, moving quickly, headed straight down the stone steps to the dungeons, with Harry in hot pursuit.\par
But to Harry\rquote s disappointment, Riddle led him not into a hid\-den passageway or a secret tunnel but to the very dungeon in which Harry had Potions with Snape. The torches hadn\rquote t been lit, and when Riddle pushed the door almost closed, Harry could only just see him, standing stock-still by the door, watching the passage out\-side.\par
It felt to Harry that they were there for at least an hour. All he could see was the figure of Riddle at the door, staring through the crack, waiting like a statue. And just when Harry had stopped feel\-ing expectant and tense and started wishing he could return to the present, he heard something move beyond the door.\par
Someone was creeping along the passage. He heard whoever it was pass the dungeon where he and Riddle were hidden. Riddle, quiet as a shadow, edged through the door and followed, Harry tip\-toeing behind him, forgetting that he couldn\rquote t be heard.\par
For perhaps five minutes they followed the footsteps, until Rid\-dle stopped suddenly, his head inclined in the direction of new noises. Harry heard a door creak open, and then someone speaking in a hoarse whisper.\par
\ldblquote C\rquote mon \'85 gotta get yeh outta here. \'85 C\rquote mon now \'85 in the box \'85\rdblquote\par
There was something familiar about that voice. \'85\par
Riddle suddenly jumped around the corner. Harry stepped out behind him. He could see the dark outline of a huge boy who was crouching in front of an open door, a very large box next to it.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Evening, Rubeus,\rdblquote  said Riddle sharply.\par
The boy slammed the door shut and stood up.\par
\ldblquote What yer doin\rquote  down here, Tom?\rdblquote\par
Riddle stepped closer.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s all over,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I\rquote m going to have to turn you in, Rubeus. They\rquote re talking about closing Hogwarts if the attacks don\rquote t stop.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote yeh \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think you meant to kill anyone. But monsters don\rquote t make good pets. I suppose you just let it out for exercise and \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It never killed no one!\rdblquote  said the large boy, backing against the closed door. From behind him, Harry could hear a funny rustling and clicking.\par
\ldblquote Come on, Rubeus,\rdblquote  said Riddle, moving yet closer. \ldblquote The dead girl\rquote s parents will be here tomorrow. The least Hogwarts can do is make sure that the thing that killed their daughter is slaugh\-tered. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It wasn\rquote t him!\rdblquote  roared the boy, his voice echoing in the dark passage. \ldblquote He wouldn\rquote ! He never!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Stand aside,\rdblquote  said Riddle, drawing out his wand.\par
His spell lit the corridor with a sudden flaming light. The door behind the large boy flew open with such force it knocked him into the wall opposite. And out of it came something that made Harry let out a long, piercing scream unheard by anyone \emdash\par
A vast, low-slung, hairy body and a tangle of black legs; a gleam of many eyes and a pair of razor-sharp pincers \emdash  Riddle raised his wand again, but he was too late. The thing bowled him over as it scuttled away, tearing up the corridor and out of sight. Riddle scrambled to his feet, looking after it; he raised his wand, but the huge boy leapt on him, seized his wand, and threw him back down, yelling, \ldblquote NOOOOOOO!\rdblquote\par
The scene whirled, the darkness became complete; Harry felt himself falling and, with a crash, he landed spread-eagled on his four-poster in the Gryffindor dormitory, Riddle\rquote s diary lying open on his stomach.\par
Before he had had time to regain his breath, the dormitory door opened and Ron came in.\par
\ldblquote There you are,\rdblquote  he said.\par
Harry sat up. He was sweating and shaking.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s up?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking at him with concern.\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was Hagrid, Ron. Hagrid opened the Chamber of Secrets fifty years ago.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 14\par
Cornelius Fudge\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione had always known that Hagrid had an unfortunate liking for large and monstrous crea\-tures. During their first year at Hogwarts he had tried to raise a dragon in his little wooden house, and it would be a long time before they forgot the giant, three-headed dog he\rquote d christened \ldblquote Fluffy.\rdblquote  And if, as a boy, Hagrid had heard that a monster was hid\-den somewhere in the castle, Harry was sure he\rquote d have gone to any lengths for a glimpse of it. He\rquote d probably thought it was a shame that the monster had been cooped up so long, and thought it de\-served the chance to stretch its many legs; Harry could just imag\-ine the thirteen-year-old Hagrid trying to fit a leash and collar on it. But he was equally certain that Hagrid would never have meant to kill anybody.\par
\lang3081 Harry half wished he hadn\rquote t found out how to work Riddle\rquote s di\-ary. Again and again Ron and Hermione made him recount what he\rquote d seen, until he was heartily sick of telling them and sick of the long, circular conversations that followed.\par
\ldblquote Riddle \i might\i0  have got the wrong person,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Maybe it was some other monster that was attacking people. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How many monsters d\rquote you think this place can hold?\rdblquote  Ron asked dully.\par
\ldblquote We always knew Hagrid had been expelled,\rdblquote  said Harry miser\-ably. \ldblquote And the attacks must\rquote ve stopped after Hagrid was kicked out. Otherwise, Riddle wouldn\rquote t have got his award.\rdblquote\par
Ron tried a different tack.\par
\ldblquote Riddle \i does\i0  sound like Percy \emdash  who asked him to squeal on Hagrid, anyway?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But the monster had \i killed\i0  someone, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\par
\ldblquote And Riddle was going to go back to some Muggle orphanage if they closed Hogwarts,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I don\rquote t blame him for wanting to stay here. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You met Hagrid down Knockturn Alley, didn\rquote t you, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He was buying a Flesh-Eating Slug Repellent,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\par
The three of them fell silent. After a long pause, Hermione voiced the knottiest question of all in a hesitant voice.\par
\ldblquote Do you think we should go and \i ask\i0  Hagrid about it all?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote d be a cheerful visit,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote  \lquote Hello, Hagrid. Tell us, have you been setting anything mad and hairy loose in the castle lately?\rquote  \rdblquote\par
In the end, they decided that they would not say anything to Hagrid unless there was another attack, and as more and more days went by with no whisper from the disembodied voice, they became hopeful that they would never need to talk to him about why he had been expelled. It was now nearly four months since Justin and Nearly Headless Nick had been Petrified, and nearly everybody seemed to think that the attacker, whoever it was, had retired for good. Peeves had finally got bored of his \ldblquote Oh, Potter, you rotter\rdblquote  song, Ernie Macmillan asked Harry quite politely to pass a bucket of leaping toadstools in Herbology one day, and in March several of the Mandrakes threw a loud and raucous party in greenhouse three. This made Professor Sprout very happy.\par
\ldblquote The moment they start trying to move into each other\rquote s pots, we\rquote ll know they\rquote re fully mature,\rdblquote  she told Harry. \ldblquote Then we\rquote ll be able to revive those poor people in the hospital wing.\rdblquote\par
\par
\lang1033 The second years were given something new to think about during their Easter holidays. The time had come to choose their subjects for the third year, a matter that Hermione, at least, took very seri\-ously.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote It could affect our whole future,\rdblquote  she told Harry and Ron as they pored over lists of new subjects, marking them with checks.\par
\ldblquote I just want to give up Potions,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote We can\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Ron gloomily. \ldblquote We keep all our old subjects, or I\rquote d\rquote ve ditched Defense Against the Dark Arts.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But that\rquote s very important!\rdblquote  said Hermione, shocked.\par
\ldblquote Not the way Lockhart teaches it,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t learned anything from him except not to set pixies loose.\rdblquote\par
Neville Longbottom had been sent letters from all the witches and wizards in his family, all giving him different advice on what to choose. Confused and worried, he sat reading the subject lists with his tongue poking out, asking people whether they thought Arith\-mancy sounded more difficult than the study of Ancient Runes. Dean Thomas, who, like Harry, had grown up with Muggles, ended up closing his eyes and jabbing his wand at the list, then picking the subjects it landed on. Hermione took nobody\rquote s advice but signed up for everything.\par
Harry smiled grimly to himself at the thought of what Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia would say if he tried to discuss his career in wizardry with them. Not that he didn\rquote t get any guidance: Percy Weasley was eager to share his experience.\par
\ldblquote Depends where you want to \i go,\i0  Harry,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote It\rquote s never too early to think about the future, so I\rquote d recommend Divination. Peo\-ple say Muggle Studies is a soft option, but I personally think wiz\-ards should have a thorough understanding of the non-magical community, particularly if they\rquote re thinking of working in close contact with them \emdash  look at my father, he has to deal with Mug\-gle business all the time. My brother Charlie was always more of an outdoor type, so he went for Care of Magical Creatures. Play to your strengths, Harry.\rdblquote\par
But the only thing Harry felt he was really good at was Quid\-ditch. In the end, he chose the same new subjects as Ron, feeling that if he was lousy at them, at least he\rquote d have someone friendly to help him.\par
\par
\lang1033 Gryffindor\rquote s next Quidditch match would be against Hufflepuff. Wood was insisting on team practices every night after dinner, so that Harry barely had time for anything but Quidditch and home\-work. However, the training sessions were getting better, or at least drier, and the evening before Saturday\rquote s match he went up to his dormitory to drop off his broomstick feeling Gryffindor\rquote s chances for the Quidditch Cup had never been better.\par
\lang3081 But his cheerful mood didn\rquote t last long. At the top of the stairs to the dormitory, he met Neville Longbottom, who was looking frantic.\par
\ldblquote Harry \emdash  I don\rquote t know who did it \emdash  I just found \emdash\rdblquote\par
Watching Harry fearfully, Neville pushed open the door.\par
The contents of Harry\rquote s trunk had been thrown everywhere. His cloak lay ripped on the floor. The bedclothes had been pulled off his four-poster and the drawer had been pulled out of his bedside cabinet, the contents strewn over the mattress.\par
Harry walked over to the bed, openmouthed, treading on a few loose pages of \i Travels with Trolls.\i0  As he and Neville pulled the blan\-kets back onto his bed, Ron, Dean, and Seamus came in. Dean swore loudly.\par
\ldblquote What happened, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  said Harry. But Ron was examining Harry\rquote s robes. All the pockets were hanging out.\par
\ldblquote Someone\rquote s been looking for something,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Is there anything missing?\rdblquote\par
Harry started to pick up all his things and throw them into his trunk. It was only as he threw the last of the Lockhart books back into it that he realized what wasn\rquote t there.\par
\ldblquote Riddle\rquote s diary\rquote s gone,\rdblquote  he said in an undertone to Ron.\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
Harry jerked his head toward the dormitory door and Ron fol\-lowed him out. They hurried down to the Gryffindor common room, which was half-empty, and joined Hermione, who was sit\-ting alone, reading a book called \i Ancient Runes Made Easy.\i0\par
Hermione looked aghast at the news.\par
\ldblquote But \emdash  only a Gryffindor could have stolen \emdash  nobody else knows our password \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Exactly,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\par
\lang1033 They woke the next day to brilliant sunshine and a light, refreshing breeze.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote Perfect Quidditch conditions!\rdblquote  said Wood enthusiastically at the Gryffindor table, loading the team\rquote s plates with scrambled eggs. \ldblquote Harry, buck up there, you need a decent breakfast.\rdblquote\par
Harry had been staring down the packed Gryffindor table, won\-dering if the new owner of Riddle\rquote s diary was right in front of his eyes. Hermione had been urging him to report the robbery, but Harry didn\rquote t like the idea. He\rquote d have to tell a teacher all about the diary, and how many people knew why Hagrid had been expelled fifty years ago? He didn\rquote t want to be the one who brought it all up again.\par
As he left the Great Hall with Ron and Hermione to go and col\-lect his Quidditch things, another very serious worry was added to Harry\rquote s growing list. He had just set foot on the marble staircase when he heard it yet again \emdash\par
\ldblquote\i Kill this time\i0  \'85 \i let me rip\i0  \'85 \i tear\i0  \'85\rdblquote\par
He shouted aloud and Ron and Hermione both jumped away from him in alarm.\par
\ldblquote The voice!\rdblquote  said Harry, looking over his shoulder. \ldblquote I just heard it again \emdash  didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
Ron shook his head, wide-eyed. Hermione, however, clapped a hand to her forehead.\par
\ldblquote Harry \emdash  I think I\rquote ve just understood something! I\rquote ve got to go to the library!\rdblquote\par
And she sprinted away, up the stairs.\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0  does she understand?\rdblquote  said Harry distractedly, still look\-ing around, trying to tell where the voice had come from.\par
\ldblquote Loads more than I do,\rdblquote  said Ron, shaking his head.\par
\ldblquote But why\rquote s she got to go to the library?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Because that\rquote s what Hermione does,\rdblquote  said Ron, shrugging. \ldblquote When in doubt, go to the library.\rdblquote\par
Harry stood, irresolute, trying to catch the voice again, but people were now emerging from the Great Hall behind him, talk\-ing loudly, exiting through the front doors on their way to the Quidditch pitch.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote d better get moving,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote s nearly eleven \emdash  the match \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry raced up to Gryffindor Tower, collected his Nimbus Two Thousand, and joined the large crowd swarming across the grounds, but his mind was still in the castle along with the bodiless voice, and as he pulled on his scarlet robes in the locker room, his only comfort was that everyone was now outside to watch the game.\par
The teams walked onto the field to tumultuous applause. Oliver Wood took off for a warm-up flight around the goal posts; Madam Hooch released the balls. The Hufflepuffs, who played in canary yellow, were standing in a huddle, having a last-minute discussion of tactics.\par
Harry was just mounting his broom when Professor McGona\-gall came half marching, half running across the pitch, carrying an enormous purple megaphone.\par
Harry\rquote s heart dropped like a stone.\par
\ldblquote This match has been canceled,\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall called through the megaphone, addressing the packed stadium. There were boos and shouts. Oliver Wood, looking devastated, landed and ran toward Professor McGonagall without getting off his broomstick.\par
\ldblquote But, Professor!\rdblquote  he shouted. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got to play \emdash  the Cup \emdash  \i Gryffindor\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
Professor McGonagall ignored him and continued to shout through her megaphone:\par
\ldblquote All students are to make their way back to the House common rooms, where their Heads of Houses will give them further infor\-mation. As quickly as you can, please!\rdblquote\par
Then she lowered the megaphone and beckoned Harry over to her.\par
\ldblquote Potter, I think you\rquote d better come with me. \'85\rdblquote\par
Wondering how she could possibly suspect him this time, Harry saw Ron detach himself from the complaining crowd; he came running up to them as they set off toward the castle. To Harry\rquote s sur\-prise, Professor McGonagall didn\rquote t object.\par
\ldblquote Yes, perhaps you\rquote d better come, too, Weasley. \'85\rdblquote\par
Some of the students swarming around them were grumbling about the match being canceled; others looked worried. Harry and Ron followed Professor McGonagall back into the school and up the marble staircase. But they weren\rquote t taken to anybody\rquote s office this time.\par
\ldblquote This will be a bit of a shock,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall in a surprisingly gentle voice as they approached the infirmary. \ldblquote There has been another attack \'85 another \i double\i0  attack.\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s insides did a horrible somersault. Professor McGonagall pushed the door open and he and Ron entered.\par
Madam Pomfrey was bending over a sixth-year girl with long, curly hair. Harry recognized her as the Ravenclaw they\rquote d acciden\-tally asked for directions to the Slytherin common room. And on the bed next to her was \emdash\i\par
\ldblquote Hermione\i0 !\rdblquote  Ron groaned.\par
Hermione lay utterly still, her eyes open and glassy.\par
\ldblquote They were found near the library,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote I don\rquote t suppose either of you can explain this? It was on the floor next to them. \'85\rdblquote\par
She was holding up a small, circular mirror.\par
Harry and Ron shook their heads, both staring at Hermione.\par
\ldblquote I will escort you back to Gryffindor Tower,\rdblquote  said Profes\-sor McGonagall heavily. \ldblquote I need to address the students in any case.\rdblquote\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All students will return to their House common rooms by six o\rquote clock in the evening. No student is to leave the dormitories after that time. You will be escorted to each lesson by a teacher. No stu\-dent is to use the bathroom unaccompanied by a teacher. All fur\-ther Quidditch training and matches are to be postponed. There will be no more evening activities.\rdblquote\par
\lang3081 The Gryffindors packed inside the common room listened to Professor McGonagall in silence. She rolled up the parchment from which she had been reading and said in a somewhat choked voice, \ldblquote I need hardly add that I have rarely been so distressed. It is likely that the school will be closed unless the culprit behind these attacks is caught. I would urge anyone who thinks they might know anything about them to come forward.\rdblquote\par
She climbed somewhat awkwardly out of the portrait hole, and the Gryffindors began talking immediately.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s two Gryffindors down, not counting a Gryffindor ghost, one Ravenclaw, and one Hufflepuff,\rdblquote  said the Weasley twins\rquote  friend Lee Jordan, counting on his fingers. \ldblquote Haven\rquote t \i any\i0  of the teachers noticed that the Slytherins are all safe? Isn\rquote t it \i obvious\i0  all this stuff\rquote s coming from Slytherin? The \i Heir\i0  of Slytherin, the \i monster\i0  of Slytherin \emdash  why don\rquote t they just chuck all the Slytherins out?\rdblquote  he roared, to nods and scattered applause.\par
Percy Weasley was sitting in a chair behind Lee, but for once he didn\rquote t seem keen to make his views heard. He was looking pale and stunned.\par
\ldblquote Percy\rquote s in shock,\rdblquote  George told Harry quietly. \ldblquote That Ravenclaw girl \emdash  Penelope Clearwater \emdash  she\rquote s a prefect. I don\rquote t think he thought the monster would dare attack a \i prefect.\i0\rdblquote\par
But Harry was only half-listening. He didn\rquote t seem to be able to get rid of the picture of Hermione, lying on the hospital bed as though carved out of stone. And if the culprit wasn\rquote t caught soon, he was looking at a lifetime back with the Dursleys. Tom Riddle had turned Hagrid in because he was faced with the prospect of a Muggle orphanage if the school closed. Harry now knew exactly how he had felt.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote re we going to do?\rdblquote  said Ron quietly in Harry\rquote s ear. \ldblquote D\rquote you think they suspect Hagrid?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ve got to go and talk to him,\rdblquote  said Harry, making up his mind. \ldblquote I can\rquote t believe it\rquote s him this time, but if he set the monster loose last time he\rquote ll know how to get inside the Chamber of Secrets, and that\rquote s a start.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But McGonagall said we\rquote ve got to stay in our tower unless we\rquote re in class \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think,\rdblquote  said Harry, more quietly still, \ldblquote it\rquote s time to get my dad\rquote s old cloak out again.\rdblquote\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry had inherited just one thing from his father: a long and sil\-very Invisibility Cloak. It was their only chance of sneaking out of the school to visit Hagrid without anyone knowing about it. They went to bed at the usual time, waited until Neville, Dean, and Sea\-mus had stopped discussing the Chamber of Secrets and finally fallen asleep, then got up, dressed again, and threw the cloak over themselves.\par
\lang3081 The journey through the dark and deserted castle corridors wasn\rquote t enjoyable. Harry, who had wandered the castle at night sev\-eral times before, had never seen it so crowded after sunset. Teach\-ers, prefects, and ghosts were marching the corridors in pairs, staring around for any unusual activity. Their Invisibility Cloak didn\rquote t stop them making any noise, and there was a particularly tense moment when Ron stubbed his toe only yards from the spot where Snape stood standing guard. Thankfully, Snape sneezed at almost exactly the moment Ron swore. It was with relief that they reached the oak front doors and eased them open.\par
It was a clear, starry night. They hurried toward the lit windows of Hagrid\rquote s house and pulled off the cloak only when they were right outside his front door.\par
Seconds after they had knocked, Hagrid flung it open. They found themselves face-to-face with him aiming a crossbow at them. Fang the boarhound barked loudly behind him.\par
\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  he said, lowering the weapon and staring at them. \ldblquote What\rquote re you two doin\rquote  here?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that for?\rdblquote  said Harry, pointing at the crossbow as they stepped inside.\par
\ldblquote Nothin\rquote  \emdash  nothin\rquote  \emdash  \ldblquote  Hagrid muttered. \ldblquote I\rquote ve bin expectin\rquote  \emdash  doesn\rquote  matter \emdash  Sit down \emdash  I\rquote ll make tea \emdash\rdblquote\par
He hardly seemed to know what he was doing. He nearly extin\-guished the fire, spilling water from the kettle on it, and then smashed the teapot with a nervous jerk of his massive hand.\par
\ldblquote Are you okay, Hagrid?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Did you hear about Hermione?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, I heard, all righ\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, a slight break in his voice.\par
He kept glancing nervously at the windows. He poured them both large mugs of boiling water (he had forgotten to add tea bags) and was just putting a slab of fruitcake on a plate when there was a loud knock on the door.\par
Hagrid dropped the fruitcake. Harry and Ron exchanged panic-stricken looks, then threw the Invisibility Cloak back over them\-selves and retreated into a corner. Hagrid checked that they were hidden, seized his crossbow, and flung open his door once more.\par
\ldblquote Good evening, Hagrid.\rdblquote\par
It was Dumbledore. He entered, looking deadly serious, and was followed by a second, very odd-looking man.\par
The stranger had rumpled gray hair and an anxious expression, and was wearing a strange mixture of clothes: a pinstriped suit, a scarlet tie, a long black cloak, and pointed purple boots. Under his arm he carried a lime-green bowler.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s Dad\rquote s boss!\rdblquote  Ron breathed. \ldblquote Cornelius Fudge, the Min\-ister of Magic!\rdblquote\par
Harry elbowed Ron hard to make him shut up.\par
Hagrid had gone pale and sweaty. He dropped into one of his chairs and looked from Dumbledore to Cornelius Fudge.\par
\ldblquote Bad business, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Fudge in rather clipped tones. \ldblquote Very bad business. Had to come. Four attacks on Muggle-borns. Things\rquote ve gone far enough. Ministry\rquote s got to act.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I never,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking imploringly at Dumbledore. \ldblquote You know I never, Professor Dumbledore, sir \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I want it understood, Cornelius, that Hagrid has my full confi\-dence,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, frowning at Fudge.\par
\ldblquote Look, Albus,\rdblquote  said Fudge, uncomfortably. \ldblquote Hagrid\rquote s record\rquote s against him. Ministry\rquote s got to do something \emdash  the school gover\-nors have been in touch \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yet again, Cornelius, I tell you that taking Hagrid away will not help in the slightest,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. His blue eyes were full of a fire Harry had never seen before.\par
\ldblquote Look at it from my point of view,\rdblquote  said Fudge, fidgeting with his bowler. \ldblquote I\rquote m under a lot of pressure. Got to be seen to be doing some\-thing. If it turns out it wasn\rquote t Hagrid, he\rquote ll be back and no more said. But I\rquote ve got to take him. Got to. Wouldn\rquote t be doing my duty \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Take me?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, who was trembling. \ldblquote Take me where?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote For a short stretch only,\rdblquote  said Fudge, not meeting Hagrid\rquote s eyes. \ldblquote Not a punishment, Hagrid, more a precaution. If someone else is caught, you\rquote ll be let out with a full apology \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Not Azkaban?\rdblquote  croaked Hagrid.\par
Before Fudge could answer, there was another loud rap on the door.\par
Dumbledore answered it. It was Harry\rquote s turn for an elbow in the ribs; he\rquote d let out an audible gasp.\par
Mr. Lucius Malfoy strode into Hagrid\rquote s hut, swathed in a long black traveling cloak, smiling a cold and satisfied smile. Fang started to growl.\par
\ldblquote Already here, Fudge,\rdblquote  he said approvingly. \ldblquote Good, good \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote re you doin\rquote  here?\rdblquote  said Hagrid furiously. \ldblquote Get outta my house!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My dear man, please believe me, I have no pleasure at all in be\-ing inside your \emdash  er \emdash  d\rquote you call this a house?\rdblquote  said Lucius Mal\-foy, sneering as he looked around the small cabin. \ldblquote I simply called at the school and was told that the headmaster was here.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And what exactly did you want with me, Lucius?\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore. He spoke politely, but the fire was still blazing in his blue eyes.\par
\ldblquote\i Dreadful\i0  thing, Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Malfoy lazily, taking out a long roll of parchment, \ldblquote but the governors feel it\rquote s time for you to step aside. This is an Order of Suspension \emdash  you\rquote ll find all twelve signatures on it. I\rquote m afraid we feel you\rquote re losing your touch. How many attacks have there been now? Two more this afternoon, wasn\rquote t it? At this rate, there\rquote ll be no Muggle-borns left at Hogwarts, and we all know what an \i awful\i0  loss that would be to the school.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, now, see here, Lucius,\rdblquote  said Fudge, looking alarmed, \ldblquote Dumbledore suspended \emdash  no, no \emdash  last thing we want just now \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The appointment \emdash  or suspension \emdash  of the headmaster is a matter for the governors, Fudge,\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy smoothly. \ldblquote And as Dumbledore has failed to stop these attacks \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote See here, Malfoy, if \i Dumbledore\i0  can\rquote t stop them,\rdblquote  said Fudge, whose upper lip was sweating now, \ldblquote I mean to say, who \i can\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That remains to be seen,\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy with a nasty smile. \ldblquote But as all twelve of us have voted \emdash\rdblquote\par
Hagrid leapt to his feet, his shaggy black head grazing the ceil\-ing.\par
\ldblquote An\rquote  how many did yeh have ter threaten an\rquote  blackmail before they agreed, Malfoy, eh?\rdblquote  he roared.\par
\ldblquote Dear, dear, you know, that temper of yours will lead you into trouble one of these days, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy. \ldblquote I would ad\-vise you not to shout at the Azkaban guards like that. They won\rquote t like it at all.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeh can\rquote  take Dumbledore!\rdblquote  yelled Hagrid, making Fang the boarhound cower and whimper in his basket. \ldblquote Take him away, an\rquote  the Muggle-borns won\rquote  stand a chance! There\rquote ll be \lang1033 killin\lang3081\rquote  next!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Calm yourself, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore sharply. He looked at Lucius Malfoy.\par
\ldblquote If the governors want my removal, Lucius, I shall of course step aside \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote  stuttered Fudge.\par
\ldblquote\i No\i0 !\rdblquote  growled Hagrid.\par
Dumbledore had not taken his bright blue eyes off Lucius Mal\-foy\rquote s cold gray ones.\par
\ldblquote However,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, speaking very slowly and clearly so that none of them could miss a word, \ldblquote you will find that I will only \i truly\i0  have left this school when none here are loyal to me. You will also find that help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.\rdblquote\par
For a second, Harry was almost sure Dumbledore\rquote s eyes flickered toward the corner where he and Ron stood hidden.\par
\ldblquote Admirable sentiments,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, bowing. \ldblquote We shall all miss your \emdash  er \emdash  highly individual way of running things, Albus, and only hope that your successor will manage to prevent any \emdash  ah \emdash  \i killins.\i0\rdblquote\par
He strode to the cabin door, opened it, and bowed Dumbledore out. Fudge, fiddling with his bowler, waited for Hagrid to go ahead of him, but Hagrid stood his ground, took a deep breath, and said carefully, \ldblquote If anyone wanted ter find out some \i stuff,\i0  all they\rquote d have ter do would be ter follow the \i spiders.\i0  That\rquote d lead \rquote em right! That\rquote s all I\rquote m sayin\rquote .\rdblquote\par
Fudge stared at him in amazement.\par
\ldblquote All right, I\rquote m comin\rquote ,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, pulling on his moleskin overcoat. But as he was about to follow Fudge through the door, he stopped again and said loudly, \ldblquote An\rquote  someone\rquote ll need ter feed Fang while I\rquote m away.\rdblquote\par
The door banged shut and Ron pulled off the Invisibility Cloak.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re in trouble now,\rdblquote  he said hoarsely. \ldblquote No Dumbledore. They might as well close the school tonight. There\rquote ll be an attack a day with him gone.\rdblquote\par
Fang started howling, scratching at the closed door.\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 15\par
Aragog\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033 Summer was creeping over the grounds around the castle; sky and lake alike turned periwinkle blue and flowers large as cab\-bages burst into bloom in the greenhouses. But with no Hagrid vis\-ible from the castle windows, striding the grounds with Fang at his heels, the scene didn\rquote t look right to Harry; no better, in fact, than the inside of the castle, where things were so horribly wrong.\par
\lang3081 Harry and Ron had tried to visit Hermione, but visitors were now barred from the hospital wing.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re taking no more chances,\rdblquote  Madam Pomfrey told them se\-verely through a crack in the infirmary door. \ldblquote No, I\rquote m sorry, there\rquote s every chance the attacker might come back to finish these people off. \'85\rdblquote\par
With Dumbledore gone, fear had spread as never before, so that the sun warming the castle walls outside seemed to stop at the mul\-lioned windows. There was barely a face to be seen in the school that didn\rquote t look worried and tense, and any laughter that rang through the corridors sounded shrill and unnatural and was quickly stifled.\par
Harry constantly repeated Dumbledore\rquote s final words to himself. \ldblquote\i I will only truly have left this school when none here are loyal to me. \'85\i0  \i Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.\i0\rdblquote  But what good were these words? Who exactly were they sup\-posed to ask for help, when everyone was just as confused and scared as they were?\par
Hagrid\rquote s hint about the spiders was far easier to understand \emdash  the trouble was, there didn\rquote t seem to be a single spider left in the castle to follow. Harry looked everywhere he went, helped (rather reluctantly) by Ron. They were hampered, of course, by the fact that they weren\rquote t allowed to wander off on their own but had to move around the castle in a pack with the other Gryffindors. Most of their fellow students seemed glad that they were being shep\-herded from class to class by teachers, but Harry found it very irk\-some.\par
One person, however, seemed to be thoroughly enjoying the at\-mosphere of terror and suspicion. Draco Malfoy was strutting around the school as though he had just been appointed Head Boy. Harry didn\rquote t realize what he was so pleased about until the Potions lesson about two weeks after Dumbledore and Hagrid had left, when, sitting right behind Malfoy, Harry overheard him gloating to Crabbe and Goyle.\par
\ldblquote I always thought Father might be the one who got rid of Dum\-bledore,\rdblquote  he said, not troubling to keep his voice down. \ldblquote I told you he thinks Dumbledore\rquote s the worst headmaster the school\rquote s ever had. Maybe we\rquote ll get a decent headmaster now. Someone who won\rquote t \i want\i0  the Chamber of Secrets closed. McGonagall won\rquote t last long, she\rquote s only filling in. \'85\rdblquote\par
Snape swept past Harry, making no comment about Hermione\rquote s empty seat and cauldron.\par
\ldblquote Sir,\rdblquote  said Malfoy loudly. \ldblquote Sir, why don\rquote t \i you\i0  apply for the head\-master\rquote s job?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Now, now, Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Snape, though he couldn\rquote t suppress a thin-lipped smile. \ldblquote Professor Dumbledore has only been suspended by the governors. I daresay he\rquote ll be back with us soon enough.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, right,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, smirking. \ldblquote I expect you\rquote d have Fa\-ther\rquote s vote, sir, if you wanted to apply for the job \emdash  \i I\rquote ll\i0  tell Father you\rquote re the best teacher here, sir \emdash\rdblquote\par
Snape smirked as he swept off around the dungeon, fortunately not spotting Seamus Finnigan, who was pretending to vomit into his cauldron.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m quite surprised the Mudbloods haven\rquote t all packed their bags by now,\rdblquote  Malfoy went on. \ldblquote Bet you five Galleons the next one dies. Pity it wasn\rquote t Granger \emdash\rdblquote\par
The bell rang at that moment, which was lucky; at Malfoy\rquote s last words, Ron had leapt off his stool, and in the scramble to collect bags and books, his attempts to reach Malfoy went unnoticed.\par
\ldblquote Let me at him,\rdblquote  Ron growled as Harry and Dean hung onto his arms. \ldblquote I don\rquote t care, I don\rquote t need my wand, I\rquote m going to kill him with my bare hands \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hurry up, I\rquote ve got to take you all to Herbology,\rdblquote  barked Snape over the class\rquote s heads, and off they marched, with Harry, Ron, and Dean bringing up the rear, Ron still trying to get loose. It was only safe to let go of him when Snape had seen them out of the castle and they were making their way across the vegetable patch toward the greenhouses.\par
The Herbology class was very subdued; there were now two missing from their number, Justin and Hermione.\par
Professor Sprout set them all to work pruning the Abyssinian Shrivelfigs. Harry went to tip an armful of withered stalks onto the compost heap and found himself face-to-face with Ernie Macmil\-lan. Ernie took a deep breath and said, very formally, \ldblquote I just want to say, Harry, that I\rquote m sorry I ever suspected you. I know you\rquote d never attack Hermione Granger, and I apologize for all the stuff I said. We\rquote re all in the same boat now, and, well \emdash\rdblquote\par
He held out a pudgy hand, and Harry shook it.\par
Ernie and his friend Hannah came to work at the same Shrivelfig as Harry and Ron.\par
\ldblquote That Draco Malfoy character,\rdblquote  said Ernie, breaking off dead twigs, \ldblquote he seems very pleased about all this, doesn\rquote t he? D\rquote you know, I think \i he\i0  might be Slytherin\rquote s heir.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s clever of you,\rdblquote  said Ron, who didn\rquote t seem to have for\-given Ernie as readily as Harry.\par
\ldblquote Do you think it\rquote s Malfoy, Harry?\rdblquote  Ernie asked.\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, so firmly that Ernie and Hannah stared.\par
A second later, Harry spotted something.\par
Several large spiders were scuttling over the ground on the other side of the glass, moving in an unnaturally straight line as though taking the shortest route to a prearranged meeting. Harry hit Ron over the hand with his pruning shears.\par
\ldblquote\i Ouch\i0 ! What\rquote re you \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry pointed out the spiders, following their progress with his eyes screwed up against the sun.\par
\ldblquote Oh, yeah,\rdblquote  said Ron, trying, and failing, to look pleased. \ldblquote But we can\rquote t follow them now \emdash\rdblquote\par
Ernie and Hannah were listening curiously.\par
Harry\rquote s eyes narrowed as he focused on the spiders. If they pur\-sued their fixed course, there could be no doubt about where they would end up.\par
\ldblquote Looks like they\rquote re heading for the Forbidden Forest. \'85\rdblquote\par
And Ron looked even unhappier about that.\par
At the end of the lesson Professor Sprout escorted the class to their Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson. Harry and Ron lagged behind the others so they could talk out of earshot.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll have to use the Invisibility Cloak again,\rdblquote  Harry told Ron. \ldblquote We can take Fang with us. He\rquote s used to going into the forest with Hagrid, he might be some help.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was twirling his wand nervously in his fingers. \ldblquote Er \emdash  aren\rquote t there \emdash  aren\rquote t there supposed to be were\-wolves in the forest?\rdblquote  he added as they took their usual places at the back of Lockhart\rquote s classroom.\par
Preferring not to answer that question, Harry said, \ldblquote There are good things in there, too. The centaurs are all right, and the uni\-corns \'85\rdblquote\par
Ron had never been into the Forbidden Forest before. Harry had entered it only once and had hoped never to do so again.\par
Lockhart bounded into the room and the class stared at him. Every other teacher in the place was looking grimmer than usual, but Lockhart appeared nothing short of buoyant.\par
\ldblquote Come now,\rdblquote  he cried, beaming around him. \ldblquote Why all these long faces?\rdblquote\par
People swapped exasperated looks, but nobody answered.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t you people realize,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, speaking slowly, as though they were all a bit dim, \ldblquote the danger has passed! The culprit has been taken away \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Says who?\rdblquote  said Dean Thomas loudly.\par
\ldblquote My dear young man, the Minister of Magic wouldn\rquote t have taken Hagrid if he hadn\rquote t been one hundred percent sure that he was guilty,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, in the tone of someone explaining that one and one made two.\par
\ldblquote Oh, yes he would,\rdblquote  said Ron, even more loudly than Dean.\par
\ldblquote I flatter myself I know a \i touch\i0  more about Hagrid\rquote s arrest than you do, Mr. Weasley,\rdblquote  said Lockhart in a self-satisfied tone.\par
Ron started to say that he didn\rquote t think so, somehow, but stopped in midsentence when Harry kicked him hard under the desk.\par
\ldblquote We weren\rquote t there, remember?\rdblquote  Harry muttered.\par
But Lockhart\rquote s disgusting cheeriness, his hints that he had al\-ways thought Hagrid was no good, his confidence that the whole business was now at an end, irritated Harry so much that he yearned to throw \i Gadding with Ghouls\i0  right in Lockhart\rquote s stupid face. Instead he contented himself with scrawling a note to Ron: \i Let\rquote s do it tonight.\i0\par
Ron read the message, swallowed hard, and looked sideways at the empty seat usually filled by Hermione. The sight seemed to stiffen his resolve, and he nodded.\par
\par
\lang1033 The Gryffindor common room was always very crowded these days, because from six o\rquote clock onward the Gryffindors had no\-where else to go. They also had plenty to talk about, with the result that the common room often didn\rquote t empty until past midnight.\par
\lang3081 Harry went to get the Invisibility Cloak out of his trunk right af\-ter dinner, and spent the evening sitting on it, waiting for the room to clear. Fred and George challenged Harry and Ron to a few games of Exploding Snap, and Ginny sat watching them, very sub\-dued in Hermione\rquote s usual chair. Harry and Ron kept losing on pur\-pose, trying to finish the games quickly, but even so, it was well past midnight when Fred, George, and Ginny finally went to bed.\par
Harry and Ron waited for the distant sounds of two dormitory doors closing before seizing the cloak, throwing it over themselves, and climbing through the portrait hole.\par
It was another difficult journey through the castle, dodging all the teachers. At last they reached the entrance hall, slid back the lock on the oak front doors, squeezed between them, trying to stop any creaking, and stepped out into the moonlit grounds.\par
\ldblquote  \rquote Course,\rdblquote  said Ron abruptly as they strode across the black grass, \ldblquote we might get to the forest and find there\rquote s nothing to follow. Those spiders might not\rquote ve been going there at all. I know it looked like they were moving in that sort of general direction, but \'85\rdblquote\par
His voice trailed away hopefully.\par
They reached Hagrid\rquote s house, sad and sorry-looking with its blank windows. When Harry pushed the door open, Fang went mad with joy at the sight of them. Worried he might wake everyone at the castle with his deep, booming barks, they hastily fed him treacle toffee from a tin on the mantelpiece, which glued his teeth together.\par
Harry left the Invisibility Cloak on Hagrid\rquote s table. There would be no need for it in the pitch-dark forest.\par
\ldblquote C\rquote mon, Fang, we\rquote re going for a walk,\rdblquote  said Harry, patting his leg, and Fang bounded happily out of the house behind them, dashed to the edge of the forest, and lifted his leg against a large sycamore tree.\par
Harry took out his wand, murmured, \ldblquote\i Lumos\i0 !\rdblquote  and a tiny light appeared at the end of it, just enough to let them watch the path for signs of spiders.\par
\ldblquote Good thinking,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I\rquote d light mine, too, but you know \emdash  it\rquote d probably blow up or something. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry tapped Ron on the shoulder, pointing at the grass. Two solitary spiders were hurrying away from the wandlight into the shade of the trees.\par
\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  Ron sighed as though resigned to the worst, \ldblquote I\rquote m ready. Let\rquote s go.\rdblquote\par
So, with Fang scampering around them, sniffing tree roots and leaves, they entered the forest. By the glow of Harry\rquote s wand, they followed the steady trickle of spiders moving along the path. They walked behind them for about twenty minutes, not speaking, lis\-tening hard for noises other than breaking twigs and rustling leaves. Then, when the trees had become thicker than ever, so that the stars overhead were no longer visible, and Harry\rquote s wand shone alone in the sea of dark, they saw their spider guides leaving the path.\par
Harry paused, trying to see where the spiders were going, but everything outside his little sphere of light was pitch-black. He had never been this deep into the forest before. He could vividly remember Hagrid advising him not to leave the forest path last time he\rquote d been in here. But Hagrid was miles away now, probably sitting in a cell in Azkaban, and he had also said to follow the spiders.\par
Something wet touched Harry\rquote s hand and he jumped backward, crushing Ron\rquote s foot, but it was only Fang\rquote s nose.\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon?\rdblquote  Harry said to Ron, whose eyes he could just make out, reflecting the light from his wand.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ve come this far,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
So they followed the darting shadows of the spiders into the trees. They couldn\rquote t move very quickly now; there were tree roots and stumps in their way, barely visible in the near blackness. Harry could feel Fang\rquote s hot breath on his hand. More than once, they had to stop, so that Harry could crouch down and find the spiders in the wandlight.\par
They walked for what seemed like at least half an hour, their robes snagging on low-slung branches and brambles. After a while, they noticed that the ground seemed to be sloping downward, though the trees were as thick as ever.\par
Then Fang suddenly let loose a great, echoing bark, making both Harry and Ron jump out of their skins.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron loudly, looking around into the pitch-dark, and gripping Harry\rquote s elbow very hard.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s something moving over there,\rdblquote  Harry breathed. \ldblquote Lis\-ten \'85 sounds like something big. \'85\rdblquote\par
They listened. Some distance to their right, the something big was snapping branches as it carved a path through the trees.\par
\ldblquote Oh, no,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Oh, no, oh, no, oh \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Shut up,\rdblquote  said Harry frantically. \ldblquote It\rquote ll hear you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hear \i me\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Ron in an unnaturally high voice. \ldblquote It\rquote s already heard Fang!\rdblquote\par
The darkness seemed to be pressing on their eyeballs as they stood, terrified, waiting. There was a strange rumbling noise and then silence.\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you think it\rquote s doing?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Probably getting ready to pounce,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
They waited, shivering, hardly daring to move.\par
\ldblquote D\rquote you think it\rquote s gone?\rdblquote  Harry whispered.\par
\ldblquote Dunno \emdash\rdblquote\par
Then, to their right, came a sudden blaze of light, so bright in the darkness that both of them flung up their hands to shield their eyes. Fang yelped and tried to run, but got lodged in a tangle of thorns and yelped even louder.\par
\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  Ron shouted, his voice breaking with relief. \ldblquote Harry, it\rquote s our car!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Come on!\rdblquote\par
Harry blundered after Ron toward the light, stumbling and trip\-ping, and a moment later they had emerged into a clearing.\par
Mr. Weasley\rquote s car was standing, empty, in the middle of a circle of thick trees under a roof of dense branches, its headlights ablaze. As Ron walked, openmouthed, toward it, it moved slowly toward him, exactly like a large, turquoise dog greeting its owner.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s been here all the time!\rdblquote  said Ron delightedly, walking around the car. \ldblquote Look at it. The forest\rquote s turned it wild. \'85\rdblquote\par
The sides of the car were scratched and smeared with mud. Ap\-parently it had taken to trundling around the forest on its own. Fang didn\rquote t seem at all keen on it; he kept close to Harry, who could feel him quivering. His breathing slowing down again, Harry stuffed his wand back into his robes.\par
\ldblquote And we thought it was going to attack us!\rdblquote  said Ron, leaning against the car and patting it. \ldblquote I wondered where it had gone!\rdblquote\par
Harry squinted around on the floodlit ground for signs of more spiders, but they had all scuttled away from the glare of the head\-lights.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ve lost the trail,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote C\rquote mon, let\rquote s go and find them.\rdblquote\par
Ron didn\rquote t speak. He didn\rquote t move. His eyes were fixed on a point some ten feet above the forest floor, right behind Harry. His face was livid with terror.\par
Harry didn\rquote t even have time to turn around. There was a loud clicking noise and suddenly he felt something long and hairy seize him around the middle and lift him off the ground, so that he was hanging facedown. Struggling, terrified, he heard more clicking, and saw Ron\rquote s legs leave the ground, too, heard Fang whimpering and howling \emdash  next moment, he was being swept away into the dark trees.\par
Head hanging, Harry saw that what had hold of him was march\-ing on six immensely long, hairy legs, the front two clutching him tightly below a pair of shining black pincers. Behind him, he could hear another of the creatures, no doubt carrying Ron. They were moving into the very heart of the forest. Harry could hear Fang fighting to free himself from a third monster, whining loudly, but Harry couldn\rquote t have yelled even if he had wanted to; he seemed to have left his voice back with the car in the clearing.\par
He never knew how long he was in the creature\rquote s clutches; he only knew that the darkness suddenly lifted enough for him to see that the leaf-strewn ground was now swarming with spiders. Cran\-ing his neck sideways, he realized that they had reached the ridge of a vast hollow, a hollow that had been cleared of trees, so that the stars shone brightly onto the worst scene he had ever laid eyes on.\par
Spiders. Not tiny spiders like those surging over the leaves below. Spiders the size of carthorses, eight-eyed, eight-legged, black, hairy, gigantic. The massive specimen that was carrying Harry made its way down the steep slope toward a misty, domed web in the very center of the hollow, while its fellows closed in all around it, click\-ing their pincers excitedly at the sight of its load.\par
Harry fell to the ground on all fours as the spider released him. Ron and Fang thudded down next to him. Fang wasn\rquote t howling anymore, but cowering silently on the spot. Ron looked exactly like Harry felt. His mouth was stretched wide in a kind of silent scream and his eyes were popping.\par
Harry suddenly realized that the spider that had dropped him was saying something. It had been hard to tell, because he clicked his pincers with every word he spoke.\par
\ldblquote Aragog!\rdblquote  it called. \ldblquote Aragog!\rdblquote\par
And from the middle of the misty, domed web, a spider the size of a small elephant emerged, very slowly. There was gray in the black of his body and legs, and each of the eyes on his ugly, pin\-cered head was milky white. He was blind.\par
\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  he said, clicking his pincers rapidly.\par
\ldblquote Men,\rdblquote  clicked the spider who had caught Harry.\par
\ldblquote Is it Hagrid?\rdblquote  said Aragog, moving closer, his eight milky eyes wandering vaguely.\par
\ldblquote Strangers,\rdblquote  clicked the spider who had brought Ron.\par
\ldblquote Kill them,\rdblquote  clicked Aragog fretfully. \ldblquote I was sleeping. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re friends of Hagrid\rquote s,\rdblquote  Harry shouted. His heart seemed to have left his chest to pound in his throat.\i\par
Click, click, click\i0  went the pincers of the spiders all around the hollow.\par
Aragog paused.\par
\ldblquote Hagrid has never sent men into our hollow before,\rdblquote  he said slowly.\par
\ldblquote Hagrid\rquote s in trouble,\rdblquote  said Harry, breathing very fast. \ldblquote That\rquote s why we\rquote ve come.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote In trouble?\rdblquote  said the aged spider, and Harry thought he heard concern beneath the clicking pincers. \ldblquote But why has he sent you?\rdblquote\par
Harry thought of getting to his feet but decided against it; he didn\rquote t think his legs would support him. So he spoke from the ground, as calmly as he could.\par
\ldblquote They think, up at the school, that Hagrid\rquote s been setting a \emdash  a \emdash  something on students. They\rquote ve taken him to Azkaban.\rdblquote\par
Aragog clicked his pincers furiously, and all around the hol\-low the sound was echoed by the crowd of spiders; it was like applause, except applause didn\rquote t usually make Harry feel sick with fear.\par
\ldblquote But that was years ago,\rdblquote  said Aragog fretfully. \ldblquote Years and years ago. I remember it well. That\rquote s why they made him leave the school. They believed that \i I\i0  was the monster that dwells in what they call the Chamber of Secrets. They thought that Hagrid had opened the Chamber and set me free.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And you \'85 you didn\rquote t come from the Chamber of Secrets?\rdblquote  said Harry, who could feel cold sweat on his forehead.\par
\ldblquote I!\rdblquote  said Aragog, clicking angrily. \ldblquote I was not born in the castle. I come from a distant land. A traveler gave me to Hagrid when I was an egg. Hagrid was only a boy, but he cared for me, hidden in a cupboard in the castle, feeding me on scraps from the table. Hagrid is my good friend, and a good man. When I was discovered, and blamed for the death of a girl, he protected me. I have lived here in the forest ever since, where Hagrid still visits me. He even found me a wife, Mosag, and you see how our family has grown, all through Hagrid\rquote s goodness. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry summoned what remained of his courage.\par
\ldblquote So you never \emdash  never attacked anyone?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Never,\rdblquote  croaked the old spider. \ldblquote It would have been my in\-stinct, but out of respect for Hagrid, I never harmed a human. The body of the girl who was killed was discovered in a bathroom. I never saw any part of the castle but the cupboard in which I grew up. Our kind like the dark and the quiet. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But then \'85 Do you know what \i did\i0  kill that girl?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Because whatever it is, it\rquote s back and attacking people again \emdash\rdblquote\par
His words were drowned by a loud outbreak of clicking and the rustling of many long legs shifting angrily; large black shapes shifted all around him.\par
\ldblquote The thing that lives in the castle,\rdblquote  said Aragog, \ldblquote is an ancient creature we spiders fear above all others. Well do I remember how I pleaded with Hagrid to let me go, when I sensed the beast mov\-ing about the school.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  said Harry urgently.\par
More loud clicking, more rustling; the spiders seemed to be clos\-ing in.\par
\ldblquote We do not speak of it!\rdblquote  said Aragog fiercely. \ldblquote We do not name it! I never even told Hagrid the name of that dread creature, though he asked me, many times.\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t want to press the subject, not with the spiders pressing closer on all sides. Aragog seemed to be tired of talking. He was backing slowly into his domed web, but his fellow spiders continued to inch slowly toward Harry and Ron.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll just go, then,\rdblquote  Harry called desperately to Aragog, hear\-ing leaves rustling behind him.\par
\ldblquote Go?\rdblquote  said Aragog slowly. \ldblquote I think not. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But \emdash  but \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My sons and daughters do not harm Hagrid, on my command. But I cannot deny them fresh meat, when it wanders so willingly into our midst. Good-bye, friend of Hagrid.\rdblquote\par
Harry spun around. Feet away, towering above him, was a solid wall of spiders, clicking, their many eyes gleaming in their ugly black heads.\par
Even as he reached for his wand, Harry knew it was no good, there were too many of them, but as he tried to stand, ready to die fighting, a loud, long note sounded, and a blaze of light flamed through the hollow.\par
Mr. Weasley\rquote s car was thundering down the slope, headlights glaring, its horn screeching, knocking spiders aside; several were thrown onto their backs, their endless legs waving in the air. The car screeched to a halt in front of Harry and Ron and the doors flew open.\par
\ldblquote Get Fang!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, diving into the front seat; Ron seized the boarhound around the middle and threw him, yelping, into the back of the car \emdash  the doors slammed shut \emdash  Ron didn\rquote t touch the accelerator but the car didn\rquote t need him; the engine roared and they were off, hitting more spiders. They sped up the slope, out of the hollow, and they were soon crashing through the forest, branches whipping the windows as the car wound its way cleverly through the widest gaps, following a path it obviously knew.\par
Harry looked sideways at Ron. His mouth was still open in the silent scream, but his eyes weren\rquote t popping anymore.\par
\ldblquote Are you okay?\rdblquote\par
Ron stared straight ahead, unable to speak.\par
They smashed their way through the undergrowth, Fang howl\-ing loudly in the back seat, and Harry saw the side mirror snap off as they squeezed past a large oak. After ten noisy, rocky minutes, the trees thinned, and Harry could again see patches of sky.\par
The car stopped so suddenly that they were nearly thrown into the windshield. They had reached the edge of the forest. Fang flung himself at the window in his anxiety to get out, and when Harry opened the door, he shot off through the trees to Hagrid\rquote s house, tail between his legs. Harry got out too, and after a minute or so, Ron seemed to regain the feeling in his limbs and followed, still stiff-necked and staring. Harry gave the car a grateful pat as it re\-versed back into the forest and disappeared from view.\par
Harry went back into Hagrid\rquote s cabin to get the Invisibility Cloak. Fang was trembling under a blanket in his basket. When Harry got outside again, he found Ron being violently sick in the pumpkin patch.\par
\ldblquote Follow the spiders,\rdblquote  said Ron weakly, wiping his mouth on his sleeve. \ldblquote I\rquote ll never forgive Hagrid. We\rquote re lucky to be alive.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I bet he thought Aragog wouldn\rquote t hurt friends of his,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s exactly Hagrid\rquote s problem!\rdblquote  said Ron, thumping the wall of the cabin. \ldblquote He always thinks monsters aren\rquote t as bad as they\rquote re made out, and look where it\rquote s got him! A cell in Azkaban!\rdblquote  He was shivering uncontrollably now. \ldblquote What was the point of sending us in there? What have we found out, I\rquote d like to know?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That Hagrid never opened the Chamber of Secrets,\rdblquote  said Harry, throwing the cloak over Ron and prodding him in the arm to make him walk. \ldblquote He was innocent.\rdblquote\par
Ron gave a loud snort. Evidently, hatching Aragog in a cupboard wasn\rquote t his idea of being innocent.\par
As the castle loomed nearer Harry twitched the cloak to make sure their feet were hidden, then pushed the creaking front doors ajar. They walked carefully back across the entrance hall and up the marble staircase, holding their breath as they passed corridors where watchful sentries were walking. At last they reached the safety of the Gryffindor common room, where the fire had burned itself into glowing ash. They took off the cloak and climbed the winding stair to their dormitory.\par
Ron fell onto his bed without bothering to get undressed. Harry, however, didn\rquote t feel very sleepy. He sat on the edge of his four\-poster, thinking hard about everything Aragog had said.\par
The creature that was lurking somewhere in the castle, he thought, sounded like a sort of monster Voldemort \emdash  even other monsters didn\rquote t want to name it. But he and Ron were no closer to finding out what it was, or how it Petrified its victims. Even Hagrid had never known what was in the Chamber of Secrets.\par
Harry swung his legs up onto his bed and leaned back against his pillows, watching the moon glinting at him through the tower window.\par
He couldn\rquote t see what else they could do. They had hit dead ends everywhere. Riddle had caught the wrong person, the Heir of Slytherin had got off, and no one could tell whether it was the same person, or a different one, who had opened the Chamber this time. There was nobody else to ask. Harry lay down, still thinking about what Aragog had said.\par
He was becoming drowsy when what seemed like their very last hope occurred to him, and he suddenly sat bolt upright.\par
\ldblquote Ron,\rdblquote  he hissed through the dark, \ldblquote Ron \emdash\rdblquote\par
Ron woke with a yelp like Fang\rquote s, stared wildly around, and saw Harry.\par
\ldblquote Ron \emdash  that girl who died. \lang1033 Aragog\lang3081  said she was found in a bathroom,\rdblquote  said Harry, ignoring Neville\rquote s snuffling snores from the corner. \ldblquote What if she never left the bathroom? What if she\rquote s still there?\rdblquote\par
Ron rubbed his eyes, frowning through the moonlight. And then he understood, too.\par
\ldblquote You \i don\rquote t\i0  think \emdash  not \i Moaning Myrtle\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 16\par
The Chamber of Secrets\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
\lang1033 All those times we were in that bathroom, and she was just three toilets away,\rdblquote  said Ron bitterly at breakfast next day, \ldblquote and we could\rquote ve asked her, and now \'85\rdblquote\par
\lang3081 It had been hard enough trying to look for spiders. Escaping their teachers long enough to sneak into a girls\rquote  bathroom, the girls\rquote  bathroom, moreover, right next to the scene of the first attack, was going to be almost impossible.\par
But something happened in their first lesson, Transfiguration, that drove the Chamber of Secrets out of their minds for the first time in weeks. Ten minutes into the class, Professor McGonagall told them that their exams would start on the first of June, one week from today.\par
\ldblquote\i Exams\i0 ?\rdblquote  howled Seamus Finnigan. \ldblquote We\rquote re still getting \i exams\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
There was a loud bang behind Harry as Neville \lang1033 Longbottom\rquote s\lang3081  wand slipped, vanishing one of the legs on his desk. Professor McGonagall restored it with a wave of her own wand, and turned, frowning, to Seamus.\par
\ldblquote The whole point of keeping the school open at this time is for you to receive your education,\rdblquote  she said sternly. \ldblquote The exams will therefore take place as usual, and I trust you are all studying hard.\rdblquote\par
Studying hard! It had never occurred to Harry that there would be exams with the castle in this state. There was a great deal of mutinous muttering around the room, which made Professor McGonagall scowl even more darkly.\par
\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore\rquote s instructions were to keep the school running as normally as possible,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote And that, I need hardly point out, means finding out how much you have learned this year.\rdblquote\par
Harry looked down at the pair of white rabbits he was supposed to be turning into slippers. What had he learned so far this year? He couldn\rquote t seem to think of anything that would be useful in an exam.\par
Ron looked as though he\rquote d just been told he had to go and live in the Forbidden Forest.\par
\ldblquote Can you imagine me taking exams with this?\rdblquote  he asked Harry, holding up his wand, which had just started whistling loudly.\par
\par
\lang1033 Three days before their first exam, Professor McGonagall made an\-other announcement at breakfast.\par
\lang3081\ldblquote I have good news,\rdblquote  she said, and the Great Hall, instead of falling silent, erupted.\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s coming back!\rdblquote  several people yelled joyfully.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve caught the Heir of Slytherin!\rdblquote  squealed a girl at the Ravenclaw table.\par
\ldblquote Quidditch matches are back on!\rdblquote  roared Wood excitedly.\par
When the hubbub had subsided, Professor McGonagall said, \ldblquote Professor Sprout has informed me that the Mandrakes are ready for cutting at last. Tonight, we will be able to revive those people who have been Petrified. I need hardly remind you all that one of them may well be able to tell us who, or what, attacked them. I am hopeful that this dreadful year will end with our catching the cul\-prit.\rdblquote\par
There was an explosion of cheering. Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and wasn\rquote t at all surprised to see that Draco Malfoy hadn\rquote t joined in. Ron, however, was looking happier than he\rquote d looked in days.\par
\ldblquote It won\rquote t matter that we never asked Myrtle, then!\rdblquote  he said to Harry. \ldblquote Hermione\rquote ll probably have all the answers when they wake her up! Mind you, she\rquote ll go crazy when she finds out we\rquote ve got ex\-ams in three days\rquote  time. She hasn\rquote t studied. It might be kinder to leave her where she is till they\rquote re over.\rdblquote\par
Just then, Ginny Weasley came over and sat down next to Ron. She looked tense and nervous, and Harry noticed that her hands were twisting in her lap.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s up?\rdblquote  said Ron, helping himself to more porridge.\par
Ginny didn\rquote t say anything, but glanced up and down the Gryffindor table with a scared look on her face that reminded Harry of someone, though he couldn\rquote t think who.\par
\ldblquote Spit it out,\rdblquote  said Ron, watching her.\par
Harry suddenly realized who Ginny looked like. She was rock\-ing backward and forward slightly in her chair, exactly like Dobby did when he was teetering on the edge of revealing forbidden in\-formation.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve got to tell you something,\rdblquote  Ginny mumbled, carefully not looking at Harry.\par
\ldblquote What is it?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Ginny looked as though she couldn\rquote t find the right words.\par
\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
Ginny opened her mouth, but no sound came out. Harry leaned forward and spoke quietly, so that only Ginny and Ron could hear him.\par
\ldblquote Is it something about the Chamber of Secrets? Have you seen something? Someone acting oddly?\rdblquote\par
Ginny drew a deep breath and, at that precise moment, Percy Weasley appeared, looking tired and wan.\par
\ldblquote If you\rquote ve finished eating, I\rquote ll take that seat, Ginny. I\rquote m starving, I\rquote ve only just come off patrol duty.\rdblquote\par
Ginny jumped up as though her chair had just been electrified, gave Percy a fleeting, frightened look, and scampered away. Percy sat down and grabbed a mug from the center of the table.\par
\ldblquote Percy!\rdblquote  said Ron angrily. \ldblquote She was just about to tell us some\-thing important!\rdblquote\par
Halfway through a gulp of tea, Percy choked.\par
\ldblquote What sort of thing?\rdblquote  he said, coughing.\par
\ldblquote I just asked her if she\rquote d seen anything odd, and she started to say \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh \emdash  that \emdash  that\rquote s nothing to do with the Chamber of Se\-crets,\rdblquote  said Percy at once.\par
\ldblquote How do you know?\rdblquote  said Ron, his eyebrows raised.\par
\ldblquote Well, er, if you must know, Ginny, er, walked in on me the other day when I was \emdash  well, never mind \emdash  the point is, she spotted me doing something and I, um, I asked her not to mention it to anybody. I must say, I did think she\rquote d keep her word. It\rquote s noth\-ing, really, I\rquote d just rather \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry had never seen Percy look so uncomfortable.\par
\ldblquote What were you doing, Percy?\rdblquote  said Ron, grinning. \ldblquote Go on, tell us, we won\rquote t laugh.\rdblquote\par
Percy didn\rquote t smile back.\par
\ldblquote Pass me those rolls, Harry, I\rquote m starving.\rdblquote\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry knew the whole mystery might be solved tomorrow without their help, but he wasn\rquote t about to pass up a chance to speak to Myr\-tle if it turned up \emdash  and to his delight it did, midmorning, when they were being led to History of Magic by Gilderoy Lockhart.\par
\lang3081 Lockhart, who had so often assured them that all danger had passed, only to be proved wrong right away, was now wholeheart\-edly convinced that it was hardly worth the trouble to see them safely down the corridors. His hair wasn\rquote t as sleek as usual; it seemed he had been up most of the night, patrolling the fourth floor.\par
\ldblquote Mark my words,\rdblquote  he said, ushering them around a corner. \ldblquote The first words out of those poor Petrified people\rquote s mouths will be \lquote\i It was Hagrid.\i0\rquote  Frankly, I\rquote m astounded Professor McGonagall thinks all these security measures are necessary.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I agree, sir,\rdblquote  said Harry, making Ron drop his books in surprise.\par
\ldblquote Thank you, Harry,\rdblquote  said Lockhart graciously while they waited for a long line of Hufflepuffs to pass. \ldblquote I mean, we teachers have quite enough to be getting on with, without walking students to classes and standing guard all night. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Ron, catching on. \ldblquote Why don\rquote t you leave us here, sir, we\rquote ve only got one more corridor to go \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You know, Weasley, I think I will,\rdblquote  said Lockhart. \ldblquote I really should go and prepare my next class \emdash\rdblquote\par
And he hurried off.\par
\ldblquote Prepare his class,\rdblquote  Ron sneered after him. \ldblquote Gone to curl his hair, more like.\rdblquote\par
They let the rest of the Gryffindors draw ahead of them, then darted down a side passage and hurried off toward Moaning Myr\-tle\rquote s bathroom. But just as they were congratulating each other on their brilliant scheme \emdash\par
\ldblquote Potter! Weasley! What are you doing?\rdblquote\par
It was Professor McGonagall, and her mouth was the thinnest of thin lines.\par
\ldblquote We were \emdash  we were \emdash\rdblquote  Ron stammered. \ldblquote We were going to \emdash  to go and see \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry. Ron and Professor McGonagall both looked at him.\par
\ldblquote We haven\rquote t seen her for ages, Professor,\rdblquote  Harry went on hur\-riedly, treading on Ron\rquote s foot, \ldblquote and we thought we\rquote d sneak into the hospital wing, you know, and tell her the Mandrakes are nearly ready and, er, not to worry \emdash\rdblquote\par
Professor McGonagall was still staring at him, and for a mo\-ment, Harry thought she was going to explode, but when she spoke, it was in a strangely croaky voice.\par
\ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  she said, and Harry, amazed, saw a tear glistening in her beady eye. \ldblquote Of course, I realize this has all been hardest on the friends of those who have been \'85 I quite understand. Yes, Potter, of course you may visit Miss Granger. I will inform Profes\-sor Binns where you\rquote ve gone. Tell Madam Pomfrey I have given my permission.\rdblquote\par
Harry and Ron walked away, hardly daring to believe that they\rquote d avoided detention. As they turned the corner, they distinctly heard Professor McGonagall blow her nose.\par
\ldblquote That,\rdblquote  said Ron fervently, \ldblquote was the best story you\rquote ve ever come up with.\rdblquote\par
They had no choice now but to go to the hospital wing and tell Madam Pomfrey that they had Professor McGonagall\rquote s permission to visit Hermione.\par
Madam Pomfrey let them in, but reluctantly.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s just no \i point\i0  talking to a Petrified person,\rdblquote  she said, and they had to admit she had a point when they\rquote d taken their seats next to Hermione. It was plain that Hermione didn\rquote t have the faint\-est inkling that she had visitors, and that they might just as well tell her bedside cabinet not to worry for all the good it would do.\par
\ldblquote Wonder if she did see the attacker, though?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking sadly at Hermione\rquote s rigid face. \ldblquote Because if he sneaked up on them all, no one\rquote ll ever know. \'85\rdblquote\par
But Harry wasn\rquote t looking at Hermione\rquote s face. He was more in\-terested in her right hand. It lay clenched on top of her blankets, and bending closer, he saw that a piece of paper was scrunched in\-side her fist.\par
Making sure that Madam Pomfrey was nowhere near, he pointed this out to Ron.\par
\ldblquote Try and get it out,\rdblquote  Ron whispered, shifting his chair so that he blocked Harry from Madam Pomfrey\rquote s view.\par
It was no easy task. Hermione\rquote s hand was clamped so tightly around the paper that Harry was sure he was going to tear it. While Ron kept watch he tugged and twisted, and at last, after several tense minutes, the paper came free.\par
It was a page torn from a very old library book. Harry smoothed it out eagerly and Ron leaned close to read it, too.\i\par
\par
\lang1033 Of the many fearsome beasts and monsters that roam our land, there is none more curious or more deadly than the Basilisk, known also as the King of Serpents. This snake, which may reach gigantic size and live many hundreds of years, is born from a chicken\rquote s egg, hatched beneath a toad. Its methods of killing are most wondrous, for aside from its deadly and ven\-omous fangs, the Basilisk has a murderous stare, and all who are fixed with the beam of its eye shall suffer instant death. Spiders flee before the Basilisk, for it is their mortal enemy, and the Basilisk flees only from the crowing of the rooster, which is fatal to it.\par
\lang3081\i0\par
And beneath this, a single word had been written, in a hand Harry recognized as Hermione\rquote s. \i Pipes.\i0\par
It was as though somebody had just flicked a light on in his brain.\par
\ldblquote Ron,\rdblquote  he breathed. \ldblquote This is it. This is the answer. The monster in the Chamber\rquote s a \i basilisk\i0  \emdash  a giant serpent! \i That\rquote s\i0  why I\rquote ve been hearing that voice all over the place, and nobody else has heard it. It\rquote s because I understand Parseltongue. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry looked up at the beds around him.\par
\ldblquote The basilisk kills people by looking at them. But no one\rquote s died \emdash  because no one looked it straight in the eye. Colin saw it through his camera. The basilisk burned up all the film inside it, but Colin just got Petrified. Justin \'85 Justin must\rquote ve seen the basilisk through Nearly Headless Nick! Nick got the full blast of it, but he couldn\rquote t die \i again\i0  \'85 and Hermione and that Ravenclaw prefect were found with a mirror next to them. Hermione had just realized the monster was a basilisk. I bet you anything she warned the first person she met to look around corners with a mirror first! And that girl pulled out her mirror \emdash  and \emdash\rdblquote\par
Ron\rquote s jaw had dropped.\par
\ldblquote And Mrs. Norris?\rdblquote  he whispered eagerly.\par
Harry thought hard, picturing the scene on the night of Hal\-loween.\par
\ldblquote The water \'85\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote The flood from Moaning Myr\-tle\rquote s bathroom. I bet you Mrs. Norris only saw the reflection. \'85\rdblquote\par
He scanned the page in his hand eagerly. The more he looked at it, the more it made sense.\par
\ldblquote\'85 \i The crowing of the rooster\i0  \'85 \i is fatal to it\i0 !\rdblquote  he read aloud. \ldblquote Hagrid\rquote s roosters were killed! The Heir of Slytherin didn\rquote t want one anywhere near the castle once the Chamber was opened! \i Spi\-ders flee before it\i0 ! It all fits!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But how\rquote s the basilisk been getting around the place?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote A giant snake \'85 Someone would\rquote ve seen \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry, however, pointed at the word Hermione had scribbled at the foot of the page.\par
\ldblquote Pipes,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Pipes \'85 Ron, it\rquote s been using the plumbing. I\rquote ve been hearing that voice inside the walls. \'85\rdblquote\par
Ron suddenly grabbed Harry\rquote s arm.\par
\ldblquote The entrance to the Chamber of Secrets!\rdblquote  he said hoarsely. \ldblquote What if it\rquote s a bathroom? What if it\rquote s in \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  \i Moaning Myrtle\rquote s bathroom,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
They sat there, excitement coursing through them, hardly able to believe it.\par
\ldblquote This means,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote I can\rquote t be the only Parselmouth in the school. The Heir of Slytherin\rquote s one, too. That\rquote s how he\rquote s been controlling the basilisk.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote re we going to do?\rdblquote  said Ron, whose eyes were flashing. \ldblquote Should we go straight to McGonagall?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s go to the staffroom,\rdblquote  said Harry, jumping up. \ldblquote She\rquote ll be there in ten minutes. It\rquote s nearly break.\rdblquote\par
They ran downstairs. Not wanting to be discovered hanging around in another corridor, they went straight into the deserted staffroom. It was a large, paneled room full of dark, wooden chairs. Harry and Ron paced around it, too excited to sit down.\par
But the bell to signal break never came.\par
Instead, echoing through the corridors came Professor McGon\-agall\rquote s voice, magically magnified.\par
\ldblquote\i All students to return to their House dormitories at once. All teach\-ers return to the staffroom. Immediately, please.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry wheeled around to stare at Ron.\par
\ldblquote Not another attack? Not now?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote ll we do?\rdblquote  said Ron, aghast. \ldblquote Go back to the dormitory?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, glancing around. There was an ugly sort of wardrobe to his left, full of the teachers\rquote  cloaks. \ldblquote In here. Let\rquote s hear what it\rquote s all about. Then we can tell them what we\rquote ve found out.\rdblquote\par
They hid themselves inside it, listening to the rumbling of hun\-dreds of people moving overhead, and the staffroom door banging open. From between the musty folds of the cloaks, they watched the teachers filtering into the room. Some of them were looking puz\-zled, others downright scared. Then Professor McGonagall arrived.\par
\ldblquote It has happened,\rdblquote  she told the silent staffroom. \ldblquote A student has been taken by the monster. Right into the Chamber itself.\rdblquote\par
Professor Flitwick let out a squeal. Professor Sprout clapped her hands over her mouth. Snape gripped the back of a chair very hard and said, \ldblquote How can you be sure?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The Heir of Slytherin,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, who was very white, \ldblquote left another message. Right underneath the first one. \lquote\i Her skeleton will lie in the Chamber forever.\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\par
Professor Flitwick burst into tears.\par
\ldblquote Who is it?\rdblquote  said Madam Hooch, who had sunk, weak-kneed, into a chair. \ldblquote Which student?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ginny Weasley,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall.\par
Harry felt Ron slide silently down onto the wardrobe floor be\-side him.\par
\ldblquote We shall have to send all the students home tomorrow,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote This is the end of Hogwarts. Dumbledore always said \'85\rdblquote\par
The staffroom door banged open again. For one wild moment, Harry was sure it would be Dumbledore. But it was Lockhart, and he was beaming.\par
\ldblquote So sorry \emdash  dozed off \emdash  what have I missed?\rdblquote\par
He didn\rquote t seem to notice that the other teachers were looking at him with something remarkably like hatred. Snape stepped forward.\par
\ldblquote Just the man,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote The very man. A girl has been snatched by the monster, Lockhart. Taken into the Chamber of Secrets itself. Your moment has come at last.\rdblquote\par
Lockhart blanched.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s right, Gilderoy,\rdblquote  chipped in Professor Sprout. \ldblquote Weren\rquote t you saying just last night that you\rquote ve known all along where the en\-trance to the Chamber of Secrets is?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  well, I \emdash\rdblquote  sputtered Lockhart.\par
\ldblquote Yes, didn\rquote t you tell me you were sure you knew what was inside it?\rdblquote  piped up Professor Flitwick.\par
\ldblquote D-did I? I don\rquote t recall \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I certainly remember you saying you were sorry you hadn\rquote t had a crack at the monster before Hagrid was arrested,\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t you say that the whole affair had been bungled, and that you should have been given a free rein from the first?\rdblquote\par
Lockhart stared around at his stony-faced colleagues.\par
\ldblquote I \emdash  I really never \emdash  you may have misunderstood \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ll leave it to you, then, Gilderoy,\rdblquote  said Professor McGona\-gall. \ldblquote Tonight will be an excellent time to do it. We\rquote ll make sure everyone\rquote s out of your way. You\rquote ll be able to tackle the monster all by yourself. A free rein at last.\rdblquote\par
Lockhart gazed desperately around him, but nobody came to the rescue. He didn\rquote t look remotely handsome anymore. His lip was trembling, and in the absence of his usually toothy grin, he looked weak-chinned and feeble.\par
\ldblquote V-very well,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I\rquote ll \emdash  I\rquote ll be in my office, getting \emdash  getting ready.\rdblquote\par
And he left the room.\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, whose nostrils were flared, \ldblquote that\rquote s got \i him\i0  out from under our feet. The Heads of Houses should go and inform their students what has happened. Tell them the Hogwarts Express will take them home first thing tomorrow. Will the rest of you please make sure no students have been left outside their dormitories.\rdblquote\par
The teachers rose and left, one by one.\par
\par
It was probably the worst day of Harry\rquote s entire life. He, Ron, Fred, and George sat together in a corner of the Gryffindor common room, unable to say anything to each other. Percy wasn\rquote t there. He had gone to send an owl to Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, then shut him\-self up in his dormitory.\par
No afternoon ever lasted as long as that one, nor had Gryffindor Tower ever been so crowded, yet so quiet. Near sunset, Fred and George went up to bed, unable to sit there any longer.\par
\ldblquote She knew something, Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron, speaking for the first time since they had entered the wardrobe in the staffroom. \ldblquote That\rquote s why she was taken. It wasn\rquote t some stupid thing about Percy at all. She\rquote d found out something about the Chamber of Secrets. That must be why she was \emdash\rdblquote  Ron rubbed his eyes frantically. \ldblquote I mean, she was a pureblood. There can\rquote t be any other reason.\rdblquote\par
Harry could see the sun sinking, blood-red, below the skyline. This was the worst he had ever felt. If only there was something they could do. Anything.\par
\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote D\rquote you think there\rquote s any chance at all she\rquote s not \emdash  you know \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t know what to say. He couldn\rquote t see how Ginny could still be alive.\par
\ldblquote D\rquote you know what?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I think we should go and see Lockhart. Tell him what we know. He\rquote s going to try and get into the Chamber. We can tell him where we think it is, and tell him it\rquote s a basilisk in there.\rdblquote\par
Because Harry couldn\rquote t think of anything else to do, and because he wanted to be doing something, he agreed. The Gryffindors around them were so miserable, and felt so sorry for the Weasleys, that nobody tried to stop them as they got up, crossed the room, and left through the portrait hole.\par
Darkness was falling as they walked down to Lockhart\rquote s office. There seemed to be a lot of activity going on inside it. They could hear scraping, thumps, and hurried footsteps.\par
Harry knocked and there was a sudden silence from inside. Then the door opened the tiniest crack and they saw one of Lock\-hart\rquote s eyes peering through it.\par
\ldblquote Oh \emdash  Mr. Potter \emdash  Mr. Weasley \emdash\rdblquote  he said, opening the door a bit wider. \ldblquote I\rquote m rather busy at the moment \emdash  if you would be quick \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Professor, we\rquote ve got some information for you,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We think it\rquote ll help you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Er \emdash  well \emdash  it\rquote s not terribly \emdash\rdblquote  The side of Lockhart\rquote s face that they could see looked very uncomfortable. \ldblquote I mean \emdash  well \emdash  all right \emdash\rdblquote\par
He opened the door and they entered.\par
His office had been almost completely stripped. Two large trunks stood open on the floor. Robes, jade-green, lilac, midnight-blue, had been hastily folded into one of them; books were jum\-bled untidily into the other. The photographs that had covered the walls were now crammed into boxes on the desk.\par
\ldblquote Are you going somewhere?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Er, well, yes,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, ripping a life-size poster of himself from the back of the door as he spoke and starting to roll it up. \ldblquote Urgent call \emdash  unavoidable \emdash  got to go \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What about my sister?\rdblquote  said Ron jerkily.\par
\ldblquote Well, as to that \emdash  most unfortunate \emdash\rdblquote  said Lockhart, avoid\-ing their eyes as he wrenched open a drawer and started emptying the contents into a bag. \ldblquote No one regrets more than I \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You can\rquote t go now! Not with all the Dark stuff going on here!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well \emdash  I must say \emdash  when I took the job \emdash\rdblquote  Lockhart mut\-tered, now piling socks on top of his robes. \ldblquote nothing in the job de\-scription \emdash  didn\rquote t expect \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You mean you\rquote re \i running away\i0 ? said Harry disbelievingly. \ldblquote Af\-ter all that stuff you did in your books \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Books can be misleading,\rdblquote  said Lockhart delicately.\par
\ldblquote You wrote them!\rdblquote  Harry shouted.\par
\ldblquote My dear boy,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, straightening up and frowning at Harry. \ldblquote Do use your common sense. My books wouldn\rquote t have sold half as well if people didn\rquote t think \i I\rquote d\i0  done all those things. No one wants to read about some ugly old Armenian warlock, even if he did save a village from werewolves. He\rquote d look dreadful on the front cover. No dress sense at all. And the witch who banished the Ban\-don Banshee had a hairy chin. I mean, come on \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So you\rquote ve just been taking credit for what a load of other people have done?\rdblquote  said Harry incredulously.\par
\ldblquote Harry, Harry,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, shaking his head impatiently, \ldblquote it\rquote s not nearly as simple as that. There was work involved. I had to track these people down. Ask them exactly how they managed to do what they did. Then I had to put a Memory Charm on them so they wouldn\rquote t remember doing it. If there\rquote s one thing I pride myself on, it\rquote s my Memory Charms. No, it\rquote s been a lot of work, Harry. It\rquote s not all book signings and publicity photos, you know. You want fame, you have to be prepared for a long hard slog.\rdblquote\par
He banged the lids of his trunks shut and locked them.\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s see,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I think that\rquote s everything. Yes. Only one thing left.\rdblquote\par
He pulled out his wand and turned to them.\par
\ldblquote Awfully sorry, boys, but I\rquote ll have to put a Memory Charm on you now. Can\rquote t have you blabbing my secrets all over the place. I\rquote d never sell another book \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry reached his wand just in time. Lockhart had barely raised his, when Harry bellowed, \ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Lockhart was blasted backward, falling over his trunk; his wand flew high into the air; Ron caught it, and flung it out of the open window.\par
\ldblquote Shouldn\rquote t have let Professor Snape teach us that one,\rdblquote  said Harry furiously, kicking Lockhart\rquote s trunk aside. Lockhart was look\-ing up at him, feeble once more. Harry was still pointing his wand at him.\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you want me to do?\rdblquote  said Lockhart weakly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know where the Chamber of Secrets is. There\rquote s nothing I can do.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re in luck,\rdblquote  said Harry, forcing Lockhart to his feet at wandpoint. \ldblquote We think \i we\i0  know where it is. \i And\i0  what\rquote s inside it. Let\rquote s go.\rdblquote\par
They marched Lockhart out of his office and down the nearest stairs, along the dark corridor where the messages shone on the wall, to the door of Moaning Myrtle\rquote s bathroom.\par
They sent Lockhart in first. Harry was pleased to see that he was shaking.\par
Moaning Myrtle was sitting on the tank of the end toilet.\par
\ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s you,\rdblquote  she said when she saw Harry. \ldblquote What do you want this time?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote To ask you how you died,\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Myrtle\rquote s whole aspect changed at once. She looked as though she had never been asked such a flattering question.\par
\ldblquote Ooooh, it was dreadful,\rdblquote  she said with relish. \ldblquote It happened right in here. I died in this very stall. I remember it so well. I\rquote d hid\-den because Olive Hornby was teasing me about my glasses. The door was locked, and I was crying, and then I heard somebody come in. They said something funny. A different language, I think it must have been. Anyway, what really got me was that it was a \i boy \i0 speaking. So I unlocked the door, to tell him to go and use his own toilet, and then \emdash\rdblquote  Myrtle swelled importantly, her face shining. \ldblquote I \i died.\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote How?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  said Myrtle in hushed tones. \ldblquote I just remember seeing a pair of great, big, yellow eyes. My whole body sort of seized up, and then I was floating away. \'85\rdblquote  She looked dreamily at Harry. \ldblquote And then I came back again. I was determined to haunt Olive Hornby, you see. Oh, she was sorry she\rquote d ever laughed at my glasses.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Where exactly did you see the eyes?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote Somewhere there,\rdblquote  said Myrtle, pointing vaguely toward the sink in front of her toilet.\par
Harry and Ron hurried over to it. Lockhart was standing well back, a look of utter terror on his face.\par
It looked like an ordinary sink. They examined every inch of it, inside and out, including the pipes below. And then Harry saw it: Scratched on the side of one of the copper taps was a tiny snake.\par
\ldblquote That tap\rquote s never worked,\rdblquote  said Myrtle brightly as he tried to turn it.\par
\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Say something. Something in Parseltongue.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote  Harry thought hard. The only times he\rquote d ever man\-aged to speak Parseltongue were when he\rquote d been faced with a real snake. He stared hard at the tiny engraving, trying to imagine it was real.\par
\ldblquote Open up,\rdblquote  he said.\par
He looked at Ron, who shook his head.\par
\ldblquote English,\rdblquote  he said.\par
Harry looked back at the snake, willing himself to believe it was alive. If he moved his head, the candlelight made it look as though it were moving.\par
\ldblquote Open up,\rdblquote  he said.\par
Except that the words weren\rquote t what he heard; a strange hissing had escaped him, and at once the tap glowed with a brilliant white light and began to spin. Next second, the sink began to move; the sink, in fact, sank, right out of sight, leaving a large pipe exposed, a pipe wide enough for a man to slide into.\par
Harry heard Ron gasp and looked up again. He had made up his mind what he was going to do.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m going down there,\rdblquote  he said.\par
He couldn\rquote t not go, not now they had found the entrance to the Chamber, not if there was even the faintest, slimmest, wildest chance that Ginny might be alive.\par
\ldblquote Me too,\rdblquote  said Ron.\par
There was a pause.\par
\ldblquote Well, you hardly seem to need me,\rdblquote  said Lockhart, with a shadow of his old smile. \ldblquote I\rquote ll just \emdash\rdblquote\par
He put his hand on the door knob, but Ron and Harry both pointed their wands at him.\par
\ldblquote You can go first,\rdblquote  Ron snarled.\par
White-faced and wandless, Lockhart approached the opening.\par
\ldblquote Boys,\rdblquote  he said, his voice feeble. \ldblquote Boys, what good will it do?\rdblquote\par
Harry jabbed him in the back with his wand. Lockhart slid his legs into the pipe.\par
\ldblquote I really don\rquote t think \emdash\rdblquote  he started to say, but Ron gave him a push, and he slid out of sight. Harry followed quickly. He lowered himself slowly into the pipe, then let go.\par
It was like rushing down an endless, slimy, dark slide. He could see more pipes branching off in all directions, but none as large as theirs, which twisted and turned, sloping steeply downward, and he knew that he was falling deeper below the school than even the dungeons. Behind him he could hear Ron, thudding slightly at the curves.\par
And then, just as he had begun to worry about what would hap\-pen when he hit the ground, the pipe leveled out, and he shot out of the end with a wet thud, landing on the damp floor of a dark stone tunnel large enough to stand in. Lockhart was getting to his feet a little ways away, covered in slime and white as a ghost. Harry stood aside as Ron came whizzing out of the pipe, too.\par
\ldblquote We must be miles under the school,\rdblquote  said Harry, his voice echo\-ing in the black tunnel.\par
\ldblquote Under the lake, probably,\rdblquote  said Ron, squinting around at the dark, slimy walls.\par
All three of them turned to stare into the darkness ahead.\par
\ldblquote\i Lumos\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry muttered to his wand and it lit again. \ldblquote C\rquote mon,\rdblquote  he said to Ron and Lockhart, and off they went, their footsteps slapping loudly on the wet floor.\par
The tunnel was so dark that they could only see a little distance ahead. Their shadows on the wet walls looked monstrous in the wandlight.\par
\ldblquote Remember,\rdblquote  Harry said quietly as they walked cautiously for\-ward, \ldblquote any sign of movement, close your eyes right away. \'85\rdblquote\par
But the tunnel was quiet as the grave, and the first unexpected sound they heard was a loud \i crunch\i0  as Ron stepped on what turned out to be a rat\rquote s skull. Harry lowered his wand to look at the floor and saw that it was littered with small animal bones. Trying very hard not to imagine what Ginny might look like if they found her, Harry led the way forward, around a dark bend in the tunnel.\par
\ldblquote Harry \emdash  there\rquote s something up there \emdash\rdblquote  said Ron hoarsely, grabbing Harry\rquote s shoulder.\par
They froze, watching. Harry could just see the outline of some\-thing huge and curved, lying right across the tunnel. It wasn\rquote t mov\-ing.\par
\ldblquote Maybe it\rquote s asleep,\rdblquote  he breathed, glancing back at the other two. Lockhart\rquote s hands were pressed over his eyes. Harry turned back to look at the thing, his heart beating so fast it hurt.\par
Very slowly, his eyes as narrow as he could make them and still see, Harry edged forward, his wand held high.\par
The light slid over a gigantic snake skin, of a vivid, poisonous green, lying curled and empty across the tunnel floor. The creature that had shed it must have been twenty feet long at least.\par
\ldblquote Blimey,\rdblquote  said Ron weakly.\par
There was a sudden movement behind them. Gilderoy Lock\-hart\rquote s knees had given way.\par
\ldblquote Get up,\rdblquote  said Ron sharply, pointing his wand at Lockhart.\par
Lockhart got to his feet \emdash  then he dived at Ron, knocking him to the ground.\par
Harry jumped forward, but too late \emdash  Lockhart was straighten\-ing up, panting, Ron\rquote s wand in his hand and a gleaming smile back on his face.\par
\ldblquote The adventure ends here, boys!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I shall take a bit of this skin back up to the school, tell them I was too late to save the girl, and that you two \i tragically\i0  lost your minds at the sight of her mangled body \emdash  say good-bye to your memories!\rdblquote\par
He raised Ron\rquote s Spellotaped wand high over his head and yelled, \ldblquote\i Obliviate\i0 !\rdblquote\par
The wand exploded with the force of a small bomb. Harry flung his arms over his head and ran, slipping over the coils of snake skin, out of the way of great chunks of tunnel ceiling that were thunder\-ing to the floor. Next moment, he was standing alone, gazing at a solid wall of broken rock.\par
\ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  he shouted. \ldblquote Are you okay? Ron!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m here!\rdblquote  came Ron\rquote s muffled voice from behind the rock-fall. \ldblquote I\rquote m okay \emdash  this git\rquote s not, though \emdash  he got blasted by the wand \emdash\rdblquote\par
There was a dull thud and a loud \ldblquote ow!\rdblquote  It sounded as though Ron had just kicked Lockhart in the shins.\par
\ldblquote What now?\rdblquote  Ron\rquote s voice said, sounding desperate. \ldblquote We can\rquote t get through \emdash  it\rquote ll take ages. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry looked up at the tunnel ceiling. Huge cracks had ap\-peared in it. He had never tried to break apart anything as large as these rocks by magic, and now didn\rquote t seem a good moment to try \emdash  what if the whole tunnel caved in?\par
There was another thud and another \ldblquote ow!\rdblquote  from behind the rocks. They were wasting time. Ginny had already been in the Chamber of Secrets for hours. \'85 Harry knew there was only one thing to do.\par
\ldblquote Wait there,\rdblquote  he called to Ron. \ldblquote Wait with Lockhart. I\rquote ll go on. \'85 If I\rquote m not back in an hour \'85\rdblquote\par
There was a very pregnant pause.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll try and shift some of this rock,\rdblquote  said Ron, who seemed to be trying to keep his voice steady. \ldblquote So you can \emdash  can get back through. And, Harry \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote See you in a bit,\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to inject some confidence into his shaking voice.\par
And he set off alone past the giant snake skin.\par
Soon the distant noise of Ron straining to shift the rocks was gone. The tunnel turned and turned again. Every nerve in Harry\rquote s body was tingling unpleasantly. He wanted the tunnel to end, yet dreaded what he\rquote d find when it did. And then, at last, as he crept around yet another bend, he saw a solid wall ahead on which two entwined serpents were carved, their eyes set with great, glinting emeralds.\par
Harry approached, his throat very dry. There was no need to pretend these stone snakes were real; their eyes looked strangely alive.\par
He could guess what he had to do. He cleared his throat, and the emerald eyes seemed to flicker.\par
\ldblquote\i Open,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry, in a low, faint hiss.\par
The serpents parted as the wall cracked open, the halves slid smoothly out of sight, and Harry, shaking from head to foot, walked inside.\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 17\par
The Heir of Slytherin\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
He was standing at the end of a very long, dimly lit cham\-ber. Towering stone pillars entwined with more carved serpents rose to support a ceiling lost in darkness, casting long, black shadows through the odd, greenish gloom that filled the place.\par
His heart beating very fast, Harry stood listening to the chill si\-lence. Could the basilisk be lurking in a shadowy corner, behind a pillar? And where was Ginny?\par
He pulled out his wand and moved forward between the ser\-pentine columns. Every careful footstep echoed loudly off the shadowy walls. He kept his eyes narrowed, ready to clamp them shut at the smallest sign of movement. The hollow eye sockets of the stone snakes seemed to be following him. More than once, with a jolt of the stomach, he thought he saw one stir.\par
Then, as he drew level with the last pair of pillars, a statue high as the Chamber itself loomed into view, standing against the back wall.\par
Harry had to crane his neck to look up into the giant face above: It was ancient and monkeyish, with a long, thin beard that fell al\-most to the bottom of the wizard\rquote s sweeping stone robes, where two enormous gray feet stood on the smooth Chamber floor. And between the feet, facedown, lay a small, black-robed figure with flaming-red hair.\par
\ldblquote\i Ginny\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry muttered, sprinting to her and dropping to his knees. \ldblquote Ginny \emdash  don\rquote t be dead \emdash  please don\rquote t be dead \emdash\rdblquote  He flung his wand aside, grabbed Ginny\rquote s shoulders, and turned her over. Her face was white as marble, and as cold, yet her eyes were closed, so she wasn\rquote t Petrified. But then she must be \emdash\par
\ldblquote Ginny, please wake up,\rdblquote  Harry muttered desperately, shaking her. Ginny\rquote s head lolled hopelessly from side to side.\par
\ldblquote She won\rquote t wake,\rdblquote  said a soft voice.\par
Harry jumped and spun around on his knees.\par
A tall, black-haired boy was leaning against the nearest pillar, watching. He was strangely blurred around the edges, as though Harry were looking at him through a misted window. But there was no mistaking him \emdash\par
\ldblquote Tom \emdash  \i Tom Riddle\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
Riddle nodded, not taking his eyes off Harry\rquote s face.\par
\ldblquote What \lang1033 d\rquote you\lang3081  mean, she won\rquote t wake?\rdblquote  Harry said desperately. \ldblquote She\rquote s not \emdash  she\rquote s not \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote She\rquote s still alive,\rdblquote  said Riddle. \ldblquote But only just.\rdblquote\par
Harry stared at him. Tom Riddle had been at Hogwarts fifty years ago, yet here he stood, a weird, misty light shining about him, not a day older than sixteen.\par
\ldblquote Are you a ghost?\rdblquote  Harry said uncertainly.\par
\ldblquote A memory,\rdblquote  said Riddle quietly. \ldblquote Preserved in a diary for fifty years.\rdblquote\par
He pointed toward the floor near the statue\rquote s giant toes. Lying open there was the little black diary Harry had found in Moaning Myrtle\rquote s bathroom. For a second, Harry wondered how it had got there \emdash  but there were more pressing matters to deal with.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve got to help me, Tom,\rdblquote  Harry said, raising Ginny\rquote s head again. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got to get her out of here. There\rquote s a basilisk \'85 I don\rquote t know where it is, but it could be along any moment. \'85 Please, help me \emdash\rdblquote\par
Riddle didn\rquote t move. Harry, sweating, managed to hoist Ginny half off the floor, and bent to pick up his wand again.\par
But his wand had gone.\par
\ldblquote Did you see \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
He looked up. Riddle was still watching him \emdash  twirling Harry\rquote s wand between his long fingers.\par
\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, stretching out his hand for it.\par
A smile curled the corners of Riddle\rquote s mouth. He continued to stare at Harry, twirling the wand idly.\par
\ldblquote Listen,\rdblquote  said Harry urgently, his knees sagging with Ginny\rquote s dead weight. \ldblquote\i We\rquote ve got to go\i0 ! If the basilisk comes \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It won\rquote t come until it is called,\rdblquote  said Riddle calmly.\par
Harry lowered Ginny back onto the floor, unable to hold her up any longer.\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Look, give me my wand, I might need it \emdash\rdblquote\par
Riddle\rquote s smile broadened.\par
\ldblquote You won\rquote t be needing it,\rdblquote  he said.\par
Harry stared at him.\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, I won\rquote t be \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve waited a long time for this, Harry Potter,\rdblquote  said Riddle. \ldblquote For the chance to see you. To speak to you.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  said Harry, losing patience, \ldblquote I don\rquote t think you get it. We\rquote re in the \i Chamber of Secrets.\i0  We can talk later \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re going to talk now,\rdblquote  said Riddle, still smiling broadly, and he pocketed Harry\rquote s wand.\par
Harry stared at him. There was something very funny going on here. \'85\par
\ldblquote How did Ginny get like this?\rdblquote  he asked slowly.\par
\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s an interesting question,\rdblquote  said Riddle pleasantly. \ldblquote And quite a long story. I suppose the real reason Ginny Weasley\rquote s like this is because she opened her heart and spilled all her secrets to an invisible stranger.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What are you talking about?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
\ldblquote The diary,\rdblquote  said Riddle. \ldblquote\i My\i0  diary. Little Ginny\rquote s been writing in it for months and months, telling me all her pitiful worries and woes \emdash  how her brothers \i tease\i0  her, how she had to come to school with secondhand robes and books, how\rdblquote  \emdash  Riddle\rquote s eyes glinted \emdash  \ldblquote how she didn\rquote t think famous, good, great Harry Potter would \i ever \i0 like her. \'85\rdblquote\par
All the time he spoke, Riddle\rquote s eyes never left Harry\rquote s face. There was an almost hungry look in them.\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s very \i boring,\i0  having to listen to the silly little troubles of an eleven-year-old girl,\rdblquote  he went on. \ldblquote But I was patient. I wrote back. I was sympathetic, I was kind. Ginny simply \i loved\i0  me. \i No one\rquote s ever understood me like you, Tom. \'85\i0  \i I\rquote m so glad I\rquote ve got this diary to\i0  \i confide in. \'85\i0  \i It\rquote s like having a friend I can carry around in my pocket. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
Riddle laughed, a high, cold laugh that didn\rquote t suit him. It made the hairs stand up on the back of Harry\rquote s neck.\par
\ldblquote If I say it myself, Harry, I\rquote ve always been able to charm the people I needed. So Ginny poured out her soul to me, and her soul happened to be exactly what I wanted. \'85 I grew stronger and stronger on a diet of her deepest fears, her darkest secrets. I grew powerful, far more powerful than little Miss Weasley. Powerful enough to start feeding Miss Weasley a few of \i my\i0  secrets, to start pouring a little of \i my\i0  soul back into \i her\i0  \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  said Harry, whose mouth had gone very dry.\par
\ldblquote Haven\rquote t you guessed yet, Harry Potter?\rdblquote  said Riddle softly. \ldblquote Ginny Weasley opened the Chamber of Secrets. She strangled the school roosters and daubed threatening messages on the walls. She set the Serpent of Slytherin on four Mudbloods, and the Squib\rquote s cat.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Harry whispered.\par
\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Riddle, calmly. \ldblquote Of course, she didn\rquote t \i know\i0  what she was doing at first. It was very amusing. I wish you could have seen her new diary entries \'85 far more interesting, they became. \'85 \i Dear Tom,\i0\rdblquote  he recited, watching Harry\rquote s horrified face, \ldblquote\i I think I\rquote m losing my memory. There are rooster feathers all over my robes and I don\rquote t know how they got there. Dear Tom, I can\rquote t remember what I did on the night of Halloween, but a cat was attacked and I\rquote ve got paint all down my front. Dear Tom, Percy keeps telling me I\rquote m pale and I\rquote m not myself. I think he suspects me. \'85\i0  \i There was another attack today\i0  \i and I don\rquote t know where I was. Tom, what am I going to do? I think I\rquote m going mad\i0 . \'85 \i I think I\rquote m the one attacking everyone, Tom\i0 !\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s fists were clenched, the nails digging deep into his palms.\par
\ldblquote It took a very long time for stupid little Ginny to stop trusting her diary,\rdblquote  said Riddle. \ldblquote But she finally became suspicious and tried to dispose of it. And that\rquote s where \i you\i0  came in, Harry. You found it, and I couldn\rquote t have been more delighted. Of all the people who could have picked it up, it was \i you,\i0  the very person I was most anxious to meet. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote And why did you want to meet me?\rdblquote  said Harry. Anger was coursing through him, and it was an effort to keep his voice steady.\par
\ldblquote Well, you see, Ginny told me all about you, Harry,\rdblquote  said Rid\-dle. \ldblquote Your whole \i fascinating\i0  history.\rdblquote  His eyes roved over the light\-ning scar on Harry\rquote s forehead, and their expression grew hungrier. \ldblquote I knew I must find out more about you, talk to you, meet you if I could. So I decided to show you my famous capture of that great oaf, Hagrid, to gain your trust \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hagrid\rquote s my friend,\rdblquote  said Harry, his voice now shaking. \ldblquote And you framed him, didn\rquote t you? I thought you made a mistake, but \emdash\rdblquote\par
Riddle laughed his high laugh again.\par
\ldblquote It was my word against Hagrid\rquote s, Harry. Well, you can imagine how it looked to old Armando Dippet. On the one hand, Tom Riddle, poor but brilliant, parentless but so \i brave,\i0  school prefect, model student \'85 on the other hand, big, blundering Hagrid, in trouble every other week, trying to raise werewolf cubs under his bed, sneaking off to the Forbidden Forest to wrestle trolls \'85 but I admit, even \i I\i0  was surprised how well the plan worked. I thought \i someone\i0  must realize that Hagrid couldn\rquote t possibly be the Heir of Slytherin. It had taken \i me\i0  five whole years to find out everything I could about the Chamber of Secrets and discover the secret en\-trance \'85 as though Hagrid had the brains, or the power!\par
\ldblquote Only the Transfiguration teacher, Dumbledore, seemed to think Hagrid was innocent. He persuaded Dippet to keep Hagrid and train him as gamekeeper. Yes, I think Dumbledore might have guessed. \'85 Dumbledore never seemed to like me as much as the other teachers did. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I bet Dumbledore saw right through you,\rdblquote  said Harry, his teeth gritted.\par
\ldblquote Well, he certainly kept an annoyingly close watch on me after Hagrid was expelled,\rdblquote  said Riddle carelessly. \ldblquote I knew it wouldn\rquote t be safe to open the Chamber again while I was still at school. But I wasn\rquote t going to waste those long years I\rquote d spent searching for it. I decided to leave behind a diary, preserving my sixteen-year-old self in its pages, so that one day, with luck, I would be able to lead an\-other in my footsteps, and finish Salazar Slytherin\rquote s noble work.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, you haven\rquote t finished it,\rdblquote  said Harry triumphantly. \ldblquote No one\rquote s died this time, not even the cat. In a few hours the Mandrake Draught will be ready and everyone who was Petrified will be all right again \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Haven\rquote t I already told you,\rdblquote  said Riddle quietly, \ldblquote that killing Mudbloods doesn\rquote t matter to me anymore? For many months now, my new target has been \emdash  \i you.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry stared at him.\par
\ldblquote Imagine how angry I was when the next time my diary was opened, it was Ginny who was writing to me, not you. She saw you with the diary, you see, and panicked. What if you found out how to work it, and I repeated all her secrets to you? What if, even worse, I told you who\rquote d been strangling roosters? So the foolish lit\-tle brat waited until your dormitory was deserted and stole it back. But I knew what I must do. It was clear to me that you were on the trail of Slytherin\rquote s heir. From everything Ginny had told me about you, I knew you would go to any lengths to solve the mystery \emdash  particularly if one of your best friends was attacked. And Ginny had told me the whole school was buzzing because you could speak Parseltongue. \'85\par
\ldblquote So I made Ginny write her own farewell on the wall and come down here to wait. She struggled and cried and became \i very\i0  boring. But there isn\rquote t much life left in her. \'85 She put too much into the diary, into me. Enough to let me leave its pages at last. \'85 I have been waiting for you to appear since we arrived here. I knew you\rquote d come. I have many questions for you, Harry Potter.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Like what?\rdblquote  Harry spat, fists still clenched.\par
\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Riddle, smiling pleasantly, \ldblquote how is it that \i you\i0  \emdash  a skinny boy with no extraordinary magical talent \emdash  managed to defeat the greatest wizard of all time? How did \i you\i0  escape with nothing but a scar, while Lord Voldemort\rquote s powers were de\-stroyed?\rdblquote\par
There was an odd red gleam in his hungry eyes now.\par
\ldblquote Why do you care how I escaped?\rdblquote  said Harry slowly. \ldblquote Volde\-mort was after your time. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Voldemort,\rdblquote  said Riddle softly, \ldblquote is my past, present, and future, Harry Potter. \'85\rdblquote\par
He pulled Harry\rquote s wand from his pocket and began to trace it through the air, writing three shimmering words:\par
tom marvolo riddle \par
Then he waved the wand once, and the letters of his name re\-arranged themselves:\par
i am lord voldemort\par
\ldblquote You see?\rdblquote  he whispered. \ldblquote It was a name I was already using at Hogwarts, to my most intimate friends only, of course. You think I was going to use my filthy Muggle father\rquote s name forever? I, in whose veins runs the blood of Salazar Slytherin himself, through my mother\rquote s side? I, keep the name of a foul, common Muggle, who abandoned me even before I was born, just because he found out his wife was a witch? No, Harry \emdash  I fashioned myself a new name, a name I knew wizards everywhere would one day fear to speak, when I had become the greatest sorcerer in the world!\rdblquote\par
Harry\rquote s brain seemed to have jammed. He stared numbly at Rid\-dle, at the orphaned boy who had grown up to murder Harry\rquote s own parents, and so many others. \'85 At last he forced himself to speak.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re not,\rdblquote  he said, his quiet voice full of hatred.\par
\ldblquote Not what?\rdblquote  snapped Riddle.\par
\ldblquote Not the greatest sorcerer in the world,\rdblquote  said Harry, breathing fast. \ldblquote Sorry to disappoint you and all that, but the greatest wizard in the world is Albus Dumbledore. Everyone says so. Even when you were strong, you didn\rquote t dare try and take over at Hogwarts. Dumbledore saw through you when you were at school and he still frightens you now, wherever you\rquote re hiding these days \emdash\rdblquote\par
The smile had gone from Riddle\rquote s face, to be replaced by a very ugly look.\par
\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s been driven out of this castle by the mere \i mem\-ory\i0  of me!\rdblquote  he hissed.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s not as gone as you might think!\rdblquote  Harry retorted. He was speaking at random, wanting to scare Riddle, wishing rather than believing it to be true \emdash\par
Riddle opened his mouth, but froze.\par
Music was coming from somewhere. Riddle whirled around to stare down the empty Chamber. The music was growing louder. It was eerie, spine-tingling, unearthly; it lifted the hair on Harry\rquote s scalp and made his heart feel as though it was swelling to twice its normal size. Then, as the music reached such a pitch that Harry felt it vibrating inside his own ribs, flames erupted at the top of the nearest pillar.\par
A crimson bird the size of a swan had appeared, piping its weird music to the vaulted ceiling. It had a glittering golden tail as long as a peacock\rquote s and gleaming golden talons, which were gripping a ragged bundle.\par
A second later, the bird was flying straight at Harry. It dropped the ragged thing it was carrying at his feet, then landed heavily on his shoulder. As it folded its great wings, Harry looked up and saw it had a long, sharp golden beak and a beady black eye.\par
The bird stopped singing. It sat still and warm next to Harry\rquote s cheek, gazing steadily at Riddle.\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s a phoenix. \'85\rdblquote  said Riddle, staring shrewdly back at it.\par
\ldblquote\i Fawkes\i0 ?\rdblquote  Harry breathed, and he felt the bird\rquote s golden claws squeeze his shoulder gently.\par
\ldblquote And \i that\i0  \emdash\rdblquote  said Riddle, now eyeing the ragged thing that Fawkes had dropped, \ldblquote that\rquote s the old school Sorting Hat \emdash\rdblquote\par
So it was. Patched, frayed, and dirty, the hat lay motionless at Harry\rquote s feet.\par
Riddle began to laugh again. He laughed so hard that the dark Chamber rang with it, as though ten Riddles were laughing at once \emdash\par
\ldblquote This is what Dumbledore sends his defender! A songbird and an old hat! Do you feel brave, Harry Potter? Do you feel safe now?\rdblquote\par
Harry didn\rquote t answer. He might not see what use Fawkes or the Sorting Hat were, but he was no longer alone, and he waited for Riddle to stop laughing with his courage mounting.\par
\ldblquote To business, Harry,\rdblquote  said Riddle, still smiling broadly. \ldblquote Twice \emdash  in \i your\i0  past, in \i my\i0  future \emdash  we have met. And twice I failed to kill you. \i How did you survive\i0 ? Tell me everything. The longer you talk,\rdblquote  he added softly, \ldblquote the longer you stay alive.\rdblquote\par
Harry was thinking fast, weighing his chances. Riddle had the wand. He, Harry, had Fawkes and the Sorting Hat, neither of which would be much good in a duel. It looked bad, all right \'85 but the longer Riddle stood there, the more life was dwindling out of Ginny \'85 and in the meantime, Harry noticed suddenly, Riddle\rquote s outline was becoming clearer, more solid. \'85 If it had to be a fight between him and Riddle, better sooner than later.\par
\ldblquote No one knows why you lost your powers when you attacked me,\rdblquote  said Harry abruptly. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know myself. But I know why you couldn\rquote t \i kill\i0  me. Because my mother died to save me. My com\-mon \i Muggle-born\i0  mother,\rdblquote  he added, shaking with suppressed rage. \ldblquote She stopped you killing me. And I\rquote ve seen the real you, I saw you last year. You\rquote re a wreck. You\rquote re barely alive. That\rquote s where all your power got you. You\rquote re in hiding. You\rquote re ugly, you\rquote re foul \emdash\rdblquote\par
Riddle\rquote s face contorted. Then he forced it into an awful smile.\par
\ldblquote So. Your mother died to save you. Yes, that\rquote s a powerful counter-charm. I can see now \'85 there is nothing special about you, after all. I wondered, you see. There are strange likenesses between us, after all. Even you must have noticed. Both half-bloods, orphans, raised by Muggles. Probably the only two Parselmouths to come to Hogwarts since the great Slytherin himself. We even \i look\i0  something alike \'85 but after all, it was merely a lucky chance that saved you from me. That\rquote s all I wanted to know.\rdblquote\par
Harry stood, tense, waiting for Riddle to raise his wand. But Rid\-dle\rquote s twisted smile was widening again.\par
\ldblquote Now, Harry, I\rquote m going to teach you a little lesson. Let\rquote s match the powers of Lord Voldemort, Heir of Salazar Slytherin, against fa\-mous Harry Potter, and the best weapons Dumbledore can give him. \'85\rdblquote\par
He cast an amused eye over Fawkes and the Sorting Hat, then walked away. Harry, fear spreading up his numb legs, watched Rid\-dle stop between the high pillars and look up into the stone face of Slytherin, high above him in the half-darkness. Riddle opened his mouth wide and hissed \emdash  but Harry understood what he was say\-ing. \'85\par
\ldblquote\i Speak to me, Slytherin, greatest of the Hogwarts Four.\i0\rdblquote\par
Harry wheeled around to look up at the statue, Fawkes swaying on his shoulder.\par
Slytherin\rquote s gigantic stone face was moving. Horrorstruck, Harry saw his mouth opening, wider and wider, to make a huge black hole.\par
And something was stirring inside the statue\rquote s mouth. Something was slithering up from its depths.\par
Harry backed away until he hit the dark Chamber wall, and as he shut his eyes tight he felt Fawkes\rquote  wing sweep his cheek as he took flight. Harry wanted to shout, \ldblquote Don\rquote t leave me!\rdblquote  but what chance did a phoenix have against the king of serpents?\par
Something huge hit the stone floor of the Chamber. Harry felt it shudder \emdash  he knew what was happening, he could sense it, could almost see the giant serpent uncoiling itself from Slytherin\rquote s mouth. Then he heard Riddle\rquote s hissing voice:\par
\ldblquote\i Kill him.\i0\rdblquote\par
The basilisk was moving toward Harry; he could hear its heavy body slithering heavily across the dusty floor. Eyes still tightly shut, Harry began to run blindly sideways, his hands outstretched, feel\-ing his way \emdash  Voldemort was laughing \emdash\par
Harry tripped. He fell hard onto the stone and tasted blood \emdash  the serpent was barely feet from him, he could hear it coming \emdash\par
There was a loud, explosive spitting sound right above him, and then something heavy hit Harry so hard that he was smashed into the wall. Waiting for fangs to sink through his body he heard more mad hissing, something thrashing wildly off the pillars \emdash\par
He couldn\rquote t help it \emdash  he opened his eyes wide enough to squint at what was going on.\par
The enormous serpent, bright, poisonous green, thick as an oak trunk, had raised itself high in the air and its great blunt head was weaving drunkenly between the pillars. As Harry trembled, ready to close his eyes if it turned, he saw what had distracted the snake.\par
Fawkes was soaring around its head, and the basilisk was snapping furiously at him with fangs long and thin as sabers \emdash\par
Fawkes dived. His long golden beak sank out of sight and a sudden shower of dark blood spattered the floor. The snake\rquote s tail thrashed, narrowly missing Harry, and before Harry could shut his eyes, it turned \emdash  Harry looked straight into its face and saw that its eyes, both its great, bulbous yellow eyes, had been punctured by the phoenix; blood was streaming to the floor, and the snake was spitting in agony.\i\par
\i0\ldblquote\i NO!\rdblquote  \i0 Harry heard Riddle screaming. \ldblquote\i LEAVE THE BIRD! LEAVE THE BIRD! THE BOY IS BEHIND YOU! YOU CAN STILL SMELL HIM! KILL HIM!\rdblquote\i0\par
The blinded serpent swayed, confused, still deadly. Fawkes was circling its head, piping his eerie song, jabbing here and there at its scaly nose as the blood poured from its ruined eyes.\par
\ldblquote Help me, help me,\rdblquote  Harry muttered wildly, \ldblquote someone \emdash  any\-one \emdash\rdblquote\par
The snake\rquote s tail whipped across the floor again. Harry ducked. Something soft hit his face.\par
The basilisk had swept the Sorting Hat into Harry\rquote s arms. Harry seized it. It was all he had left, his only chance \emdash  he rammed it onto his head and threw himself flat onto the floor as the basilisk\rquote s tail swung over him again.\i\par
Help me\i0  \emdash  \i help me\i0  \emdash  Harry thought, his eyes screwed tight un\-der the hat. \i Please help me\i0  \emdash\par
There was no answering voice. Instead, the hat contracted, as though an invisible hand was squeezing it very tightly.\par
Something very hard and heavy thudded onto the top of Harry\rquote s head, almost knocking him out. Stars winking in front of his eyes, he grabbed the top of the hat to pull it off and felt something long and hard beneath it.\par
A gleaming silver sword had appeared inside the hat, its handle glittering with rubies the size of eggs.\i\par
\ldblquote KILL THE BOY! LEAVE THE BIRD! THE BOY IS BEHIND YOU! SNIFF \emdash  SMELL HIM!\rdblquote\i0\par
Harry was on his feet, ready. The basilisk\rquote s head was falling, its body coiling around, hitting pillars as it twisted to face him. He could see the vast, bloody eye sockets, see the mouth stretching wide, wide enough to swallow him whole, lined with fangs long as his sword, thin, glittering, venomous \emdash\par
It lunged blindly \emdash  Harry dodged and it hit the Chamber wall. It lunged again, and its forked tongue lashed Harry\rquote s side. He raised the sword in both his hands \emdash\par
The basilisk lunged again, and this time its aim was true \emdash  Harry threw his whole weight behind the sword and drove it to the hilt into the roof of the serpent\rquote s mouth \emdash\par
But as warm blood drenched Harry\rquote s arms, he felt a searing pain just above his elbow. One long, poisonous fang was sinking deeper and deeper into his arm and it splintered as the basilisk keeled over sideways and fell, twitching, to the floor.\par
Harry slid down the wall. He gripped the fang that was spreading poison through his body and wrenched it out of his arm. But he knew it was too late. White-hot pain was spreading slowly and steadily from the wound. Even as he dropped the fang and watched his own blood soaking his robes, his vision went foggy. The Cham\-ber was dissolving in a whirl of dull color.\par
A patch of scarlet swam past, and Harry heard a soft clatter of claws beside him.\par
\ldblquote Fawkes,\rdblquote  said Harry thickly. \ldblquote You were fantastic, Fawkes. \'85\rdblquote  He felt the bird lay its beautiful head on the spot where the serpent\rquote s fang had pierced him.\par
He could hear echoing footsteps and then a dark shadow moved in front of him.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re dead, Harry Potter,\rdblquote  said Riddle\rquote s voice above him. \ldblquote Dead. Even Dumbledore\rquote s bird knows it. Do you see what he\rquote s doing, Pot\-ter? He\rquote s crying.\rdblquote\par
Harry blinked. Fawkes\rquote s head slid in and out of focus. Thick, pearly tears were trickling down the glossy feathers.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m going to sit here and watch you die, Harry Potter. Take your time. I\rquote m in no hurry.\rdblquote\par
Harry felt drowsy. Everything around him seemed to be spinning.\par
\ldblquote So ends the famous Harry Potter,\rdblquote  said Riddle\rquote s distant voice. \ldblquote Alone in the Chamber of Secrets, forsaken by his friends, defeated at last by the Dark Lord he so unwisely challenged. You\rquote ll be back with your dear Mudblood mother soon, Harry. \'85 She bought you twelve years of borrowed time \'85 but Lord Voldemort got you in the end, as you knew he must. \'85\rdblquote\i\par
If this is dying\i0 , thought Harry, \i it\rquote s not so bad.\i0\par
Even the pain was leaving him. \'85\par
But was this dying? Instead of going black, the Chamber seemed to be coming back into focus. Harry gave his head a little shake and there was Fawkes, still resting his head on Harry\rquote s arm. A pearly patch of tears was shining all around the wound \emdash  except that there \i was\i0  no wound \emdash\par
\ldblquote Get away, bird,\rdblquote  said Riddle\rquote s voice suddenly. \ldblquote Get away from him \emdash  I said, \i get away\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry raised his head. Riddle was pointing Harry\rquote s wand at Fawkes; there was a bang like a gun, and Fawkes took flight again in a whirl of gold and scarlet.\par
\ldblquote Phoenix tears \'85\rdblquote  said Riddle quietly, staring at Harry\rquote s arm. \ldblquote Of course \'85 healing powers \'85 I forgot \'85\rdblquote\par
He looked into Harry\rquote s face. \ldblquote But it makes no difference. In fact, I prefer it this way. Just you and me, Harry Potter \'85 you and me. \'85\rdblquote\par
He raised the wand \emdash\par
Then, in a rush of wings, Fawkes had soared back overhead and something fell into Harry\rquote s lap \emdash  \i the diary.\i0\par
For a split second, both Harry and Riddle, wand still raised, stared at it. Then, without thinking, without considering, as though he had meant to do it all along, Harry seized the basilisk fang on the floor next to him and plunged it straight into the heart of the book.\par
There was a long, dreadful, piercing scream. Ink spurted out of the diary in torrents, streaming over Harry\rquote s hands, flooding the floor. Riddle was writhing and twisting, screaming and flailing and then \emdash\par
He had gone. Harry\rquote s wand fell to the floor with a clatter and there was silence. Silence except for the steady \i drip drip\i0  of ink still oozing from the diary. The basilisk venom had burned a sizzling hole right through it.\par
Shaking all over, Harry pulled himself up. His head was spinning as though he\rquote d just traveled miles by Floo powder. Slowly, he gath\-ered together his wand and the Sorting Hat, and, with a huge tug, retrieved the glittering sword from the roof of the basilisk\rquote s mouth.\par
Then came a faint moan from the end of the Chamber. Ginny was stirring. As Harry hurried toward her, she sat up. Her bemused eyes traveled from the huge form of the dead basilisk, over Harry, in his blood-soaked robes, then to the diary in his hand. She drew a great, shuddering gasp and tears began to pour down her face.\par
\ldblquote Harry \emdash  oh, Harry \emdash  I tried to tell you at b-breakfast, but I c-\i couldn\rquote t\i0  say it in front of Percy \emdash  it was \i me,\i0  Harry \emdash  but I \emdash  I s-swear I d-didn\rquote t mean to \emdash  R-Riddle made me, he t-took me over \emdash  and \emdash  \i how\i0  did you kill that \emdash  that thing? W-where\rquote s Riddle? The last thing I r-remember is him coming out of the diary \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s all right,\rdblquote  said Harry, holding up the diary, and showing Ginny the fang hole, \ldblquote Riddle\rquote s finished. Look! Him \i and\i0  the basilisk. C\rquote mon, Ginny, let\rquote s get out of here \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m going to be expelled!\rdblquote  Ginny wept as Harry helped her awk\-wardly to her feet. \ldblquote I\rquote ve looked forward to coming to Hogwarts ever since B-Bill came and n-now I\rquote ll have to leave and \emdash  \i w-what\rquote ll Mum and Dad say\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
Fawkes was waiting for them, hovering in the Chamber entrance. Harry urged Ginny forward; they stepped over the motionless coils of the dead basilisk, through the echoing gloom, and back into the tunnel. Harry heard the stone doors close behind them with a soft hiss.\par
After a few minutes\rquote  progress up the dark tunnel, a distant sound of slowly shifting rock reached Harry\rquote s ears.\par
\ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, speeding up. \ldblquote Ginny\rquote s okay! I\rquote ve got her!\rdblquote\par
He heard Ron give a strangled cheer, and they turned the next bend to see his eager face staring through the sizable gap he had managed to make in the rockfall.\par
\ldblquote\i Ginny\i0 !\rdblquote  Ron thrust an arm through the gap in the rock to pull her through first. \ldblquote You\rquote re alive! I don\rquote t believe it! What happened? How \emdash  what \emdash  where did that bird come from?\rdblquote\par
Fawkes had swooped through the gap after Ginny.\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s Dumbledore\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Harry, squeezing through himself.\par
\ldblquote How come you\rquote ve got a \i sword\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Ron, gaping at the glitter\-ing weapon in Harry\rquote s hand.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll explain when we get out of here,\rdblquote  said Harry with a sideways glance at Ginny, who was crying harder than ever.\par
\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Later,\rdblquote  Harry said shortly. He didn\rquote t think it was a good idea to tell Ron yet who\rquote d been opening the Chamber, not in front of Ginny, anyway. \ldblquote Where\rquote s Lockhart?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Back there,\rdblquote  said Ron, still looking puzzled but jerking his head up the tunnel toward the pipe. \ldblquote He\rquote s in a bad way. Come and see.\rdblquote\par
Led by Fawkes, whose wide scarlet wings emitted a soft golden glow in the darkness, they walked all the way back to the mouth of the pipe. Gilderoy Lockhart was sitting there, humming placidly to himself.\par
\ldblquote His memory\rquote s gone,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote The Memory Charm backfired. Hit him instead of us. Hasn\rquote t got a clue who he is, or where he is, or who we are. I told him to come and wait here. He\rquote s a danger to him\-self.\rdblquote\par
Lockhart peered good-naturedly up at them all.\par
\ldblquote Hello,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Odd sort of place, this, isn\rquote t it? Do you live here?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron, raising his eyebrows at Harry.\par
Harry bent down and looked up the long, dark pipe.\par
\ldblquote Have you thought how we\rquote re going to get back up this?\rdblquote  he said to Ron.\par
Ron shook his head, but Fawkes the phoenix had swooped past Harry and was now fluttering in front of him, his beady eyes bright in the dark. He was waving his long golden tail feathers. Harry looked uncertainly at him.\par
\ldblquote He looks like he wants you to grab hold \'85\rdblquote  said Ron, look\-ing perplexed. \ldblquote But you\rquote re much too heavy for a bird to pull up there \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Fawkes,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote isn\rquote t an ordinary bird.\rdblquote  He turned quickly to the others. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got to hold on to each other. Ginny, grab Ron\rquote s hand. Professor Lockhart \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He means you,\rdblquote  said Ron sharply to Lockhart.\par
\ldblquote You hold Ginny\rquote s other hand \emdash\rdblquote\par
Harry tucked the sword and the Sorting Hat into his belt, Ron took hold of the back of Harry\rquote s robes, and Harry reached out and took hold of Fawkes\rquote s strangely hot tail feathers.\par
An extraordinary lightness seemed to spread through his whole body and the next second, in a rush of wings, they were flying upward through the pipe. Harry could hear Lockhart dangling below him, saying, \ldblquote Amazing! Amazing! This is just like magic!\rdblquote  The chill air was whipping through Harry\rquote s hair, and before he\rquote d stopped enjoying the ride, it was over \emdash  all four of them were hit\-ting the wet floor of Moaning Myrtle\rquote s bathroom, and as Lockhart straightened his hat, the sink that hid the pipe was sliding back into place.\par
Myrtle goggled at them.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re alive,\rdblquote  she said blankly to Harry.\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s no need to sound so disappointed,\rdblquote  he said grimly, wip\-ing flecks of blood and slime off his glasses.\par
\ldblquote Oh, well \'85 I\rquote d just been thinking \'85 if you had died, you\rquote d have been welcome to share my toilet,\rdblquote  said Myrtle, blushing silver.\par
\ldblquote Urgh!\rdblquote  said Ron as they left the bathroom for the dark, deserted corridor outside. \ldblquote Harry! I think Myrtle\rquote s grown \i fond\i0  of you! You\rquote ve got competition, Ginny!\rdblquote\par
But tears were still flooding silently down Ginny\rquote s face.\par
\ldblquote Where now?\rdblquote  said Ron, with an anxious look at Ginny. Harry pointed.\par
Fawkes was leading the way, glowing gold along the corridor. They strode after him, and moments later, found themselves outside Professor McGonagall\rquote s office.\par
Harry knocked and pushed the door open.\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\qc\page\fs36 Chapter 18\par
Dobby\lang3081\rquote\lang1033 s\lang3081  Reward\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang3081\fs24\par
For a moment there was silence as Harry, Ron, Ginny, and Lockhart stood in the doorway, covered in muck and slime and (in Harry\rquote s case) blood. Then there was a scream.\par
\ldblquote\i Ginny\i0 !\rdblquote\par
It was Mrs. Weasley, who had been sitting crying in front of the fire. She leapt to her feet, closely followed by Mr. Weasley, and both of them flung themselves on their daughter.\par
Harry, however, was looking past them. Professor Dumbledore was standing by the mantelpiece, beaming, next to Professor Mc\-Gonagall, who was taking great, steadying gasps, clutching her chest. Fawkes went whooshing past Harry\rquote s ear and settled on Dumbledore\rquote s shoulder, just as Harry found himself and Ron being swept into Mrs. Weasley\rquote s tight embrace.\par
\ldblquote You saved her! You saved her! \i How\i0  did you do it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I think we\rquote d all like to know that,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall weakly.\par
Mrs. Weasley let go of Harry, who hesitated for a moment, then walked over to the desk and laid upon it the Sorting Hat, the ruby-encrusted sword, and what remained of Riddle\rquote s diary.\par
Then he started telling them everything. For nearly a quarter of an hour he spoke into the rapt silence: He told them about hearing the disembodied voice, how Hermione had finally realized that he was hearing a basilisk in the pipes; how he and Ron had followed the spiders into the forest, that Aragog had told them where the last victim of the basilisk had died; how he had guessed that Moaning Myrtle had been the victim, and that the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets might be in her bathroom. \'85\par
\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall prompted him as he paused, \ldblquote so you found out where the entrance was \emdash  breaking a hundred school rules into pieces along the way, I might add \emdash  but how on \i earth\i0  did you all get out of there alive, Potter?\rdblquote\par
So Harry, his voice now growing hoarse from all this talking, told them about Fawkes\rquote s timely arrival and about the Sorting Hat giving him the sword. But then he faltered. He had so far avoided mentioning Riddle\rquote s diary \emdash  or Ginny. She was standing with her head against Mrs. Weasley\rquote s shoulder, and tears were still coursing silently down her cheeks. \i What if they expelled her\i0 ? Harry thought in panic. Riddle\rquote s diary didn\rquote t work anymore. \'85 How could they prove it had been \i he\i0  who\rquote d made her do it all?\par
Instinctively, Harry looked at Dumbledore, who smiled faintly, the firelight glancing off his half-moon spectacles.\par
\ldblquote What interests \i me\i0  most,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore gently, \ldblquote is how Lord Voldemort managed to enchant Ginny, when my sources tell me he is currently in hiding in the forests of Albania.\rdblquote\par
Relief \emdash  warm, sweeping, glorious relief \emdash  swept over Harry.\par
\ldblquote W-what\rquote s that?\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley in a stunned voice. \ldblquote\i You-Know-Who\i0 ? En-enchant \i Ginny\i0 ? But Ginny\rquote s not \'85 Ginny hasn\rquote t been \'85 has she?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It was this diary,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, picking it up and show\-ing it to Dumbledore. \ldblquote Riddle wrote it when he was sixteen. \'85\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore took the diary from Harry and peered keenly down his long, crooked nose at its burnt and soggy pages.\par
\ldblquote Brilliant,\rdblquote  he said softly. \ldblquote Of course, he was probably the most brilliant student Hogwarts has ever seen.\rdblquote  He turned around to the Weasleys, who were looking utterly bewildered.\par
\ldblquote Very few people know that Lord Voldemort was once called Tom Riddle. I taught him myself, fifty years ago, at Hogwarts. He disappeared after leaving the school \'85 traveled far and wide \'85 sank so deeply into the Dark Arts, consorted with the very worst of our kind, underwent so many dangerous, magical transformations, that when he resurfaced as Lord Voldemort, he was barely recog\-nizable. Hardly anyone connected Lord Voldemort with the clever, handsome boy who was once Head Boy here.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But, Ginny,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote What\rquote s our Ginny got to do with \emdash  with \emdash  \i him\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote His d-diary!\rdblquote  Ginny sobbed. \ldblquote I\rquote ve b-been writing in it, and he\rquote s been w-writing back all year \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Ginny\i0 !\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, flabbergasted. \ldblquote Haven\rquote t I taught you \i anything\i0 ? What have I always told you? Never trust anything that can think for itself \i if you can\rquote t see where it keeps its brain.\i0  Why didn\rquote t you show the diary to me, or your mother? A suspicious object like that, it was \i clearly\i0  full of Dark Magic \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I d-didn\rquote t know,\rdblquote  sobbed Ginny. \ldblquote I found it inside one of the books Mum got me. I th-thought someone had just left it in there and forgotten about it \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Miss Weasley should go up to the hospital wing right away,\rdblquote  Dumbledore interrupted in a firm voice. \ldblquote This has been a terrible ordeal for her. There will be no punishment. Older and wiser wiz\-ards than she have been hoodwinked by Lord Voldemort.\rdblquote  He strode over to the door and opened it. \ldblquote Bed rest and perhaps a large, steaming mug of hot chocolate. I always find that cheers me up,\rdblquote  he added, twinkling kindly down at her. \ldblquote You will find that Madam Pomfrey is still awake. She\rquote s just giving out Mandrake juice \emdash  I daresay the basilisk\rquote s victims will be waking up any moment.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So Hermione\rquote s okay!\rdblquote  said Ron brightly.\par
\ldblquote There has been no lasting harm done, Ginny,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore.\par
Mrs. Weasley led Ginny out, and Mr. Weasley followed, still looking deeply shaken.\par
\ldblquote You know, Minerva,\rdblquote  Professor Dumbledore said thoughtfully to Professor McGonagall, \ldblquote I think all this merits a good \i feast.\i0  Might I ask you to go and alert the kitchens?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall crisply, also moving to the door. \ldblquote I\rquote ll leave you to deal with Potter and Weasley, shall I?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Certainly,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\par
She left, and Harry and Ron gazed uncertainly at Dumbledore. What exactly had Professor McGonagall meant, \i deal\i0  with them? Surely \emdash  \i surely\i0  \emdash  they weren\rquote t about to be punished?\par
\ldblquote I seem to remember telling you both that I would have to expel you if you broke any more school rules,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore.\par
Ron opened his mouth in horror.\par
\ldblquote Which goes to show that the best of us must sometimes eat our words,\rdblquote  Dumbledore went on, smiling. \ldblquote You will both receive Spe\-cial Awards for Services to the School and \emdash  let me see \emdash  yes, I think two hundred points apiece for Gryffindor.\rdblquote\par
Ron went as brightly pink as Lockhart\rquote s valentine flowers and closed his mouth again.\par
\ldblquote But one of us seems to be keeping mightily quiet about his part in this dangerous adventure,\rdblquote  Dumbledore added. \ldblquote Why so mod\-est, Gilderoy?\rdblquote\par
Harry gave a start. He had completely forgotten about Lockhart. He turned and saw that Lockhart was standing in a corner of the room, still wearing his vague smile. When Dumbledore addressed him, Lockhart looked over his shoulder to see who he was talking to.\par
\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore,\rdblquote  Ron said quickly, \ldblquote there was an accident down in the Chamber of Secrets. Professor Lockhart \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Am I a professor?\rdblquote  said Lockhart in mild surprise. \ldblquote Goodness. I expect I was hopeless, was I?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote He tried to do a Memory Charm and the wand backfired,\rdblquote  Ron explained quietly to Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote Dear me,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, shaking his head, his long silver mustache quivering. \ldblquote Impaled upon your own sword, Gilderoy!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sword?\rdblquote  said Lockhart dimly. \ldblquote Haven\rquote t got a sword. That boy has, though.\rdblquote  He pointed at Harry. \ldblquote He\rquote ll lend you one.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Would you mind taking Professor Lockhart up to the infir\-mary, too?\rdblquote  Dumbledore said to Ron. \ldblquote I\rquote d like a few more words with Harry. \'85\rdblquote\par
Lockhart ambled out. Ron cast a curious look back at Dumble\-dore and Harry as he closed the door.\par
Dumbledore crossed to one of the chairs by the fire.\par
\ldblquote Sit down, Harry,\rdblquote  he said, and Harry sat, feeling unaccountably nervous.\par
\ldblquote First of all, Harry, I want to thank you,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, eyes twinkling again. \ldblquote You must have shown me real loyalty down in the Chamber. Nothing but that could have called Fawkes to you.\rdblquote\par
He stroked the phoenix, which had fluttered down onto his knee. Harry grinned awkwardly as Dumbledore watched him.\par
\ldblquote And so you met Tom Riddle,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore thoughtfully. \ldblquote I imagine he was \i most\i0  interested in you. \'85\rdblquote\par
Suddenly, something that was nagging at Harry came tumbling out of his mouth.\par
\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore \'85 Riddle said I\rquote m like him. Strange likenesses, he said. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Did\i0  he, now?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, looking thoughtfully at Harry from under his thick silver eyebrows. \ldblquote And what do you think, Harry?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t think I\rquote m like him!\rdblquote  said Harry, more loudly than he\rquote d intended. \ldblquote I mean, I\rquote m \emdash  I\rquote m in \i Gryffindor,\i0  I\rquote m \'85\rdblquote\par
But he fell silent, a lurking doubt resurfacing in his mind.\par
\ldblquote Professor,\rdblquote  he started again after a moment. \ldblquote The Sorting Hat told me I\rquote d \emdash  I\rquote d have done well in Slytherin. Everyone thought \i I \i0 was Slytherin\rquote s heir for a while \'85 because I can speak Parsel\-tongue. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You can speak Parseltongue, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly, \ldblquote because Lord Voldemort \emdash  who \i is\i0  the last remaining descendant of Salazar Slytherin \emdash  can speak Parseltongue. Unless I\rquote m much mistaken, he transferred some of his own powers to you the night he gave you that scar. Not something he intended to do, I\rquote m sure. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Voldemort put a bit of himself in \i me\i0 ?\rdblquote  Harry said, thunder\-struck.\par
\ldblquote It certainly seems so.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote So I \i should\i0  be in Slytherin,\rdblquote  Harry said, looking desperately into Dumbledore\rquote s face. \ldblquote The Sorting Hat could see Slytherin\rquote s power in me, and it \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Put you in Gryffindor,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly. \ldblquote Listen to me, Harry. You happen to have many qualities Salazar Slytherin prized in his hand-picked students. His own very rare gift, Parsel\-tongue \emdash  resourcefulness \emdash  determination \emdash  a certain disregard for rules,\rdblquote  he added, his mustache quivering again. \ldblquote Yet the Sorting Hat placed you in Gryffindor. You know why that was. Think.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It only put me in Gryffindor,\rdblquote  said Harry in a defeated voice, \ldblquote because I asked not to go in Slytherin. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Exactly,\i0\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, beaming once more. \ldblquote Which makes you \i very different\i0  from Tom Riddle. It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.\rdblquote  Harry sat mo\-tionless in his chair, stunned. \ldblquote If you want proof, Harry, that you belong in Gryffindor, I suggest you look more closely at \i this.\i0\rdblquote\par
Dumbledore reached across to Professor McGonagall\rquote s desk, picked up the blood-stained silver sword, and handed it to Harry. Dully, Harry turned it over, the rubies blazing in the firelight. And then he saw the name engraved just below the hilt.\i\par
Godric Gryffindor.\i0\par
\ldblquote Only a true Gryffindor could have pulled \i that\i0  out of the hat, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore simply.\par
For a minute, neither of them spoke. Then Dumbledore pulled open one of the drawers in Professor McGonagall\rquote s desk and took out a quill and a bottle of ink.\par
\ldblquote What you need, Harry, is some food and sleep. I suggest you go down to the feast, while I write to Azkaban \emdash  we need our game\-keeper back. And I must draft an advertisement for the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  too,\rdblquote  he added thoughtfully. \ldblquote We\rquote ll be needing a new De\-fense Against the Dark Arts teacher. \'85 Dear me, we do seem to run through them, don\rquote t we?\rdblquote\par
Harry got up and crossed to the door. He had just reached for the handle, however, when the door burst open so violently that it bounced back off the wall.\par
Lucius Malfoy stood there, fury in his face. And cowering be\-hind his legs, heavily wrapped in bandages, was \i Dobby.\i0\par
\ldblquote Good evening, Lucius,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore pleasantly.\par
Mr. Malfoy almost knocked Harry over as he swept into the room. Dobby went scurrying in after him, crouching at the hem of his cloak, a look of abject terror on his face.\par
The elf was carrying a stained rag with which he was attempting to finish cleaning Mr. Malfoy\rquote s shoes. Apparently Mr. Malfoy had set out in a great hurry, for not only were his shoes half-polished, but his usually sleek hair was disheveled. Ignoring the elf bobbing apologetically around his ankles, he fixed his cold eyes upon Dum\-bledore.\par
\ldblquote So!\rdblquote  he said \ldblquote You\rquote ve come back. The governors suspended you, but you still saw fit to return to Hogwarts.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well, you see, Lucius,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling serenely, \ldblquote the other eleven governors contacted me today. It was something like being caught in a hailstorm of owls, to tell the truth. They\rquote d heard that Arthur Weasley\rquote s daughter had been killed and wanted me back here at once. They seemed to think I was the best man for the job after all. Very strange tales they told me, too. \'85 Several of them seemed to think that you had threatened to curse their fami\-lies if they didn\rquote t agree to suspend me in the first place.\rdblquote\par
Mr. Malfoy went even paler than usual, but his eyes were still slits of fury.\par
\ldblquote So \emdash  have you stopped the attacks yet?\rdblquote  he sneered. \ldblquote Have you caught the culprit?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We have,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, with a smile.\par
\ldblquote\i Well\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy sharply. \ldblquote Who is it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote The same person as last time, Lucius,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote But this time, Lord Voldemort was acting through somebody else. By means of this diary.\rdblquote\par
He held up the small black book with the large hole through the center, watching Mr. Malfoy closely. Harry, however, was watching Dobby.\par
The elf was doing something very odd. His great eyes fixed meaningfully on Harry, he kept pointing at the diary, then at Mr. Malfoy, and then hitting himself hard on the head with his fist.\par
\ldblquote I see \'85\rdblquote  said Mr. Malfoy slowly to Dumbledore.\par
\ldblquote A clever plan,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore in a level voice, still staring Mr. Malfoy straight in the eye. \ldblquote Because if Harry here\rdblquote  \emdash  Mr. Malfoy shot Harry a swift, sharp look \emdash  \ldblquote and his friend Ron hadn\rquote t discovered this book, why \emdash  Ginny Weasley might have taken all the blame. No one would ever have been able to prove she hadn\rquote t acted of her own free will. \'85\rdblquote\par
Mr. Malfoy said nothing. His face was suddenly masklike.\par
\ldblquote And imagine,\rdblquote  Dumbledore went on, \ldblquote what might have hap\-pened then. \'85 The Weasleys are one of our most prominent pure-blood families. Imagine the effect on Arthur Weasley and his Muggle Protection Act, if his own daughter was discovered attack\-ing and killing Muggle-borns. \'85 Very fortunate the diary was dis\-covered, and Riddle\rquote s memories wiped from it. Who knows what the consequences might have been otherwise. \'85\rdblquote\par
Mr. Malfoy forced himself to speak.\par
\ldblquote Very fortunate,\rdblquote  he said stiffly.\par
And still, behind his back, Dobby was pointing, first to the di\-ary, then to Lucius Malfoy, then punching himself in the head.\par
And Harry suddenly understood. He nodded at Dobby, and Dobby backed into a corner, now twisting his ears in punishment.\par
\ldblquote Don\rquote t you want to know how Ginny got hold of that diary, Mr. Malfoy?\rdblquote  said Harry.\par
Lucius Malfoy rounded on him.\par
\ldblquote How should I know how the stupid little girl got hold of it?\rdblquote  he said.\par
\ldblquote Because you gave it to her,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote In Flourish and Blotts. You picked up her old Transfiguration book and slipped the diary inside it, didn\rquote t you?\rdblquote\par
He saw Mr. Malfoy\rquote s white hands clench and unclench.\par
\ldblquote Prove it,\rdblquote  he hissed.\par
\ldblquote Oh, no one will be able to do that,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling at Harry. \ldblquote Not now that Riddle has vanished from the book. On the other hand, I would advise you, Lucius, not to go giving out any more of Lord Voldemort\rquote s old school things. If any more of them find their way into innocent hands, I think Arthur Weasley, for one, will make sure they are traced back to you. \'85\rdblquote\par
Lucius Malfoy stood for a moment, and Harry distinctly saw his right hand twitch as though he was longing to reach for his wand. Instead, he turned to his house-elf.\par
\ldblquote We\rquote re going, Dobby!\rdblquote\par
He wrenched open the door and as the elf came hurrying up to him, he kicked him right through it. They could hear Dobby squealing with pain all the way along the corridor. Harry stood for a moment, thinking hard. Then it came to him \emdash\par
\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore,\rdblquote  he said hurriedly. \ldblquote Can I give that di\-ary \i back\i0  to Mr. Malfoy, please?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Certainly, Harry,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly. \ldblquote But hurry. The feast, remember. \'85\rdblquote\par
Harry grabbed the diary and dashed out of the office. He could hear Dobby\rquote s squeals of pain receding around the corner. Quickly, wondering if this plan could possibly work, Harry took off one of his shoes, pulled off his slimy, filthy sock, and stuffed the diary into it. Then he ran down the dark corridor.\par
He caught up with them at the top of the stairs.\par
\ldblquote Mr. Malfoy,\rdblquote  he gasped, skidding to a halt, \ldblquote I\rquote ve got something for you \emdash\rdblquote\par
And he forced the smelly sock into Lucius Malfoy\rquote s hand.\par
\ldblquote What the \emdash  ?\rdblquote\par
Mr. Malfoy ripped the sock off the diary, threw it aside, then looked furiously from the ruined book to Harry.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ll meet the same sticky end as your parents one of these days, Harry Potter,\rdblquote  he said softly. \ldblquote They were meddlesome fools, too.\rdblquote\par
He turned to go.\par
\ldblquote Come, Dobby. I said, \i come.\i0\rdblquote\par
But Dobby didn\rquote t move. He was holding up Harry\rquote s disgusting, slimy sock, and looking at it as though it were a priceless treasure.\par
\ldblquote Master has given a sock,\rdblquote  said the elf in wonderment. \ldblquote Master gave it to Dobby.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  spat Mr. Malfoy. \ldblquote What did you say?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Got a sock,\rdblquote  said Dobby in disbelief. \ldblquote Master threw it, and Dobby caught it, and Dobby \emdash  Dobby is \i free.\i0\rdblquote\par
Lucius Malfoy stood frozen, staring at the elf. Then he lunged at Harry.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote ve lost me my servant, boy!\rdblquote\par
But Dobby shouted, \ldblquote You shall not harm Harry Potter!\rdblquote\par
There was a loud bang, and Mr. Malfoy was thrown backward. He crashed down the stairs, three at a time, landing in a crumpled heap on the landing below. He got up, his face livid, and pulled out his wand, but Dobby raised a long, threatening finger.\par
\ldblquote You shall go now,\rdblquote  he said fiercely, pointing down at Mr. Mal\-foy. \ldblquote You shall not touch Harry Potter. You shall go now.\rdblquote\par
Lucius Malfoy had no choice. With a last, incensed stare at the pair of them, he swung his cloak around him and hurried out of sight.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter freed Dobby!\rdblquote  said the elf shrilly, gazing up at Harry, moonlight from the nearest window reflected in his orb-like eyes. \ldblquote Harry Potter set Dobby free!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Least I could do, Dobby,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning. \ldblquote Just promise never to try and save my life again.\rdblquote\par
The elf\rquote s ugly brown face split suddenly into a wide, toothy smile.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote ve just got one question, Dobby,\rdblquote  said Harry as Dobby pulled on Harry\rquote s sock with shaking hands. \ldblquote You told me all this had nothing to do with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, remember? Well \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It was a clue, sir,\rdblquote  said Dobby, his eyes widening, as though this was obvious. \ldblquote Was giving you a clue. The Dark Lord, before he changed his name, could be freely named, you see?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry weakly. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote d better go. There\rquote s a feast, and my friend Hermione should be awake by now. \'85\rdblquote\par
Dobby threw his arms around Harry\rquote s middle and hugged him.\par
\ldblquote Harry Potter is greater by far than Dobby knew!\rdblquote  he sobbed. \ldblquote Farewell, Harry Potter!\rdblquote\par
And with a final loud crack, Dobby disappeared.\par
\par
Harry had been to several Hogwarts feasts, but never one quite like this. Everybody was in their pajamas, and the celebration lasted all night. Harry didn\rquote t know whether the best bit was Hermione run\-ning toward him, screaming \ldblquote You solved it! You solved it!\rdblquote  or Justin hurrying over from the Hufflepuff table to wring his hand and apologize endlessly for suspecting him, or Hagrid turning up at half past three, cuffing Harry and Ron so hard on the shoulders that they were knocked into their plates of trifle, or his and Ron\rquote s four hundred points for Gryffindor securing the House Cup for the second year running, or Professor McGonagall standing up to tell them all that the exams had been canceled as a school treat (\ldblquote Oh, \i no\i0 !\rdblquote  said Hermione), or Dumbledore announcing that, un\-fortunately, Professor Lockhart would be unable to return next year, owing to the fact that he needed to go away and get his mem\-ory back. Quite a few of the teachers joined in the cheering that greeted this news.\par
\ldblquote Shame,\rdblquote  said Ron, helping himself to a jam doughnut. \ldblquote He was starting to grow on me.\rdblquote\par
\par
The rest of the final term passed in a haze of blazing sunshine. Hogwarts was back to normal with only a few, small differences \emdash  Defense Against the Dark Arts classes were canceled (\ldblquote but we\rquote ve had plenty of practice at that anyway,\rdblquote  Ron told a disgruntled Hermione) and Lucius Malfoy had been sacked as a school gover\-nor. Draco was no longer strutting around the school as though he owned the place. On the contrary, he looked resentful and sulky. On the other hand, Ginny Weasley was perfectly happy again.\par
Too soon, it was time for the journey home on the Hogwarts Ex\-press. Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny got a com\-partment to themselves. They made the most of the last few hours in which they were allowed to do magic before the holidays. They played Exploding Snap, set off the very last of Fred and George\rquote s Filibuster fireworks, and practiced disarming each other by magic. Harry was getting very good at it.\par
They were almost at King\rquote s Cross when Harry remembered something.\par
\ldblquote Ginny \emdash  what did you see Percy doing, that he didn\rquote t want you to tell anyone?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Oh, that,\rdblquote  said Ginny, giggling. \ldblquote Well \emdash  Percy\rquote s got a \i girlfriend.\i0\rdblquote\par
Fred dropped a stack of books on George\rquote s head.\i\par
\i0\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s that \lang1033 Ravenclaw\lang3081  prefect, Penelope Clearwater,\rdblquote  said Ginny. \ldblquote That\rquote s who he was writing to all last summer. He\rquote s been meeting her all over the school in secret. I walked in on them \i kissing \i0 in an empty classroom one day. He was so upset when she was \emdash  you know \emdash  attacked. You won\rquote t tease him, will you?\rdblquote  she added anx\-iously.\par
\ldblquote Wouldn\rquote t dream of it,\rdblquote  said Fred, who was looking like his birthday had come early.\par
\ldblquote Definitely not,\rdblquote  said George, sniggering.\par
The Hogwarts Express slowed and finally stopped.\par
Harry pulled out his quill and a bit of parchment and turned to Ron and Hermione.\par
\ldblquote This is called a telephone number,\rdblquote  he told Ron, scribbling it twice, tearing the parchment in two, and handing it to them. \ldblquote I told your dad how to use a telephone last summer \emdash  he\rquote ll know. Call me at the Dursleys\rquote , okay? I can\rquote t stand another two months with only Dudley to talk to. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Your aunt and uncle will be proud, though, won\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Hermione as they got off the train and joined the crowd thronging toward the enchanted barrier. \ldblquote When they hear what you did this year?\par
\ldblquote Proud?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Are you crazy? All those times I could\rquote ve died, and I didn\rquote t manage it? They\rquote ll be furious. \'85\rdblquote\par
And together they walked back through the gateway to the Muggle world.\par
\lang1033\par
}
 